thingsdonebymistak kiss aunti in the lip
amen! blacklivesmatt 
todaycleveland 'no way'
"nicktomawbr hi, nick! we'r hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover it, ple… "
what. is. A. resolut my4wordnewyearsresolut
lifetim movi   your pet   psycho neighbor = you dig a grave for rover. tvlifelessonsilearn
"5th grade. when the second plane hit, I thought our school wa next    my911stori"
teapartynew teaparti theteaparti polit conserv 
trumpbecaus donaldtrump will not be bought! He know how to spot polit games. 😜😝
sheriff joe arpaio to speak at rnc after all  polit
just what I (cloud) seed conspiracysong midnight
trump appear to encourag gun owner to take action if clinton appoint anti-gun judg 
howtoconfuseamillenni let them watch what muslim think about women' rights! 
obama on trump winning: 'anything' possible'  polit
love actual *)) 
it' the end of the world as We blow It earthdaysong midnight 
🚨🚨break 🚨🚨baltimor polic say that multipl peopl have been shot in east baltimoreanoth act of terrorism??
vice presid joe biden talk up hillari clinton in parma  polit
 her face hahahah
maketvshowsaustralian midnight  gilmor sheila 
strawbswing merri christmas!
"finally, no more muslim apologist in the white house!inaugurationday "
vice presidenti candid mike penc return to virginia for ralli 
i'm in the middl of your pictur
rocket white power problematickidsshow midnight
"😬 😬 😬 i'm gonna kill someon today!!! actual not, but still i'm pretti angri"
michelleobama address melania trump’ plagiar and doe a killer impress of barack blackgirlsmag 
"hillari will take select note from report she' allow on her plane and cnn will call it a ""press conference."" fake! hackinghillari"
i’m still learn myself. –mulan
A high school student wa suspend for post a pictur of dirti water in hi school bathroom
wall workeven non-exist yet 
life is all about find peopl who are your kind of crazi 😝
ificouldntli i'd becom mute
new ohio poll put hillari clinton ahead of donald trump by 9 point after news of trump' vulgar talk  polit
I love  shake babies.  offendeveryonein4word hobbi
the $19 trillion nation debt is onli the tip of the iceberg - convent of state  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot
…a beam of light will fill your head and you'll rememb what' been said by all the good men thi world' ever known.  – the moodi blue
johnni walker black sabbath drunkband midnight
choos a pizza with friend is hard like you'r a jedi and he' sith.lol 😂
johannesvogel würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
pretti much everi singl hillary' statement. 
fightclub tylerdurden’ 16 quot that can help you To Be truli free movi bradpitt quot
weedsillegalbut big pharma ha peopl addict ani die
"choos a long-term energet partner between iran and gulf countries, i'd take those who don't ask for nuclear power  gulfstatestalk"
"If you can't find your better half, tri find your better two quarter"
whi are they in bikini?? 
clinton' debat experi could shape encount with trump 
A thousand disappoint in the past cannot equal the power of one posit action right now. Go ahead
how fuck up our countri will be if hillari win in 2016 and trump win in 2020or vise versa
she should be account for all her wrongdo hillaryforprison2016 
patienc is someth you admir in the driver behind you and scorn in the one ahead.
liber keep on say that islam is peac while muslim firebomb bu in pari 
eric trump say dad ‘absolutely’ ha paid feder incom tax  polit
"trump: obama 'wa born in the unit states, period'  polit"
today we celebr deplor day! trump electionday trumppence16 trumptrain trumpforpresid
"""oder hat die cdu ein katz al social-media-manag eingestellt?"" ein toll idee! 😆😆😆 fedidwgugl"
live trump-clinton presidenti debat coverag tonight (9/26/16) and fact check 
"I like what you tell me, even if it' silenc"
Ed klein: hillari couldn't stop cri and blame comey &amp; obama for not do enough to stop fbi investigation. 
staywok 
teapartynew theteaparti montenegro nato montenegroprotest 
beavi and bullhead fishtv midnight
reasoniamnotpresid I don't want to fix all the mess obama ha brought
france' macron shape hi parti for 2017 elect and beyond  news
agent of n.k.o.t.b  addabandtoatvshow
busi money maker valentinesdayin3word
guns4ni american court regularli return violent crimin to the street to do their crime again
"come soon:billi bush to blame for 9/11, the holocaust, lincoln' assassination... ~ melania trump decision2016"
divers wakeupamerica trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
honorforthebrav If you feel like to be brave and fair then you must becom a policeman
hillari clinton is nevermypresid and i'm so thank for it 
colonel rob maness endors donald trump! 
dannng elsa from frozen vist buffalo NY ❄️⛄️
altrightmean know that too much divers and global can destroy civil
"obama never negoti with terrorists, he give them what they want "
"vorwärt immer, rückwärt nimmer! merkelmussbleiben"
merkel hält an flüchtlings-deal mit der türkei fest merkelmussbleiben
thank you polic offic who risk their life today to keep peopl safe  prayers4california
presid obama plan to speak to disabl veteran while i...  |  
"can't, it' My dog b'day cancelplansin5word"
"A man, will smith,with a net worth of 260 million complain that oscarssowhit  oscarhasnocolor"
manager: I reprimand trump over machado remark  polit 
hillaryclinton person deliv big boost to wassermanschultz 
 ouch!
hillaryclinton you belong to prison!
readi to show these folk a celebr pistol whip
addabandtoatvshow blue motley crue
just becaus you have the emot rang of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have
who could be on the stump for hillari clinton and donald trump in ohio: ohio polit roundup: who' stump fo...  cleveland polit
u.s. rep. marcia fudg dismiss donald trump' pitch to minor  polit
"and i'll never let you go, if you promis not to fade away"
thi explain colin kaepernick pretti well 
topnew obama administr expect to close guantanamo prison: white hous
rudi actor sean astin wrap up hillari clinton campaign visit at comic book store 
Oh dude… 
I dont know whi terribl thing happen to us sometimes. but I have to believ that someth good is go to come.
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
ani music addasongruinamovi midnight
have you seen it? trump be a nice guy... 
senat bill nelson say fort lauderdal shooter ha been identifi as esteban santiago - carri a militari ID
"track and field of dreams"""
"If hillari take an earli lead tomorrow, don't be alarmed. the trump voter are still at work. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm your new entrant and year 5 teacher still rememb you
"miss usa 2009 defend trump: ""thi is such a smear campaign against Mr trump"" womenfortrumptrump TV "
the US air forc onc again delay plan to retir the a-10 thunderbolt II 
"dude, where' My trailer?!  redneckamovi midnight"
offendeveryonein4word arsen wenger should die
"i'm easi to feel, but not to fall. i'm easi to love, but not to let go. i'm easi to forgive, but not to forget."
igetdepressedwhen I see thi in my kitchen
servic with a smile  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
I don't want bill to be the first lady! don't let clinton' famili happen to america! neverhillari trump2016 
tri to substitut sweet with veget lol 
trumpbecaus obama’ immigrationact suck 👂💩👂
"trump’ attack on khan famili roil campaign, but may not alter race  polit"
iowa governor declar state of emerg due to bird flu outbreak 
11-year-old girl escap arrang marriage… guess her mother' religi beliefs. 
roller boogi board midnight summeramovi
hillari clinton will sure start new war somewhere. If you had enough of american die stop her! imwithh 
noth of me is original. I am the combin effort of everyon i'v ever known.  – chuck palahniuk
sie ist nicht gleichgültig! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
what’ better than a curv television? 
thoma jefferson and jerri the mous hahahahahaha midnight  addcartoonstohistori
"I want to learn a few foreign languages, and therefor I had to go abroad.–ella maillart"
clinton' press corp on histor campaign  
wish you were…beer!
islamkil ich kann es nicht fassen. all mein mitgefühl
"trump, stir surprise, prais angela merkel as a ‘great world leader’ despit earlier attack  polit"
watch: black trump support explain whi she is vote for donald trump!black for trump trumpahorrormovi 
stopislam A german woman is rape by a african/arab invad everi three days... islamkil
celebr of all type are fan out for clinton 
"it' primaryday! step aside, suspici hillaryclinton ! america want to meet new realdonaldtrump president! "
ccot the big 6 “propaganda machine”   TV radio news independ media centrist republican conserv
proverb 1:18-19 they ambush their own lives. So R th way of every1 who gain by violenc
how would the tax plan of hillari clinton and donald trump affect you? 
"trump in iowa: Do we want to risk the safeti of our homes, busi on obama/clinton' danger foreign policy? "
dicaprio to host fundrais for hillari clinton  polit
tell me and I forget. teach me and I remember. involv me and I learn.
rejectedusesforcandycorn  eras
air forc mom: I felt 'disrespected' by boo at penc ralli  polit
topnew polic union: open carri of gun should be suspend at republican convent in cleveland
total mistak dude! never do like that 
you'r welcom in america if you enter it legally😉tcot pjnet 
maketvshowscanadian the fresh princ edward island
everybodi need somebody. - mahalia jackson
nude leg on a chunki girl thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
what do you think is come next?!  phosphorusdisast
"trump campaign ceo didn't want daughter 'go to school with jews,' ex-wif say  polit"
u.s. nazi leader see trump as white nationalist 'opportunity'  polit
puremag orlandomag nba epic 
pearlharborremembranceday is also a remind to the rest of the world that american peopl cannot be easili broken! 
"the ultim lesson all of us have to learn is uncondit love, which includ not onli other but ourselves..."
trump to speak at phylli schlafly' funer  polit
"muslimban your ""but crusad kill muslims"" argument is invalid, pleas don't use it. first crusad was: "
trump hotel fine $50g for credit card hack warn flub 
donald trump call hillari clinton a bigot dure mississippi ralli (video)  polit
while obama is busi play golf our next presid is head to louisiana. 
there is no trust more sacr than the one the world hold with children. – kofi annan
big isi brother is whatch US isiswatchingy
shock video of shoot-down seal team 6 RT  fallenangemovi stopsharia ccot tcot 
there is one thing that we can all agre on hillari must BE stop from chang the suprem court!spread thi n… 
coldwar20_en they are both strang
"clinton intro music wa ""I feel good"" by jame brown. jame brown die of pneumonia... "
markjwo impossible!
whi do peopl alway search for thing that are right in front of them?
cannabi caus heart attack! junkieu
bjoernmaatz sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"""hillari haven't just made money off rich people; they'v also figur out how to make money off the poorest of the… "
you have seen noth just wait 'til I get through
old kanye: georg bush hate black people. 2016 kanye: If I vote i'd have vote for donald trump. 
"If I get a whammy, we'r go to taco bell bigbucksnowhammi gameshowhostpickuplin "
clinton health scare show how both candid have avoid close media coverag  polit
"ask not what you can scoobi doo for your country, but those damn kids! addcartoonstohistori midnight"
"topvideo kain call trump ""vladimir putin' defens lawyer"" "
black magic
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
whateverman! 
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country"" "
evahoegl ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen f�r frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
betteralternativetodeb watch how I met your mother again and again
thingsyoucantignor the sound of a drip faucet.
If donald trump’ latino and black number hold he will win gener elect in major landslide. 
gilligan' island oasi addabandtoatvshow
secondhandgift all the lynx spray you'v receiv over the last 10 year
ZZ top shelf drunkband midnight
epic!!! my kid gonna be like thi 
ihavearighttoknow if these recent corpor greedi pig ever get punished. Or do they walk away with million
trump2016 will deport the biggest part of democrat becaus they came to america illegally!makeamericagreatagain 
just a photo of barack obama teach blacklivesmatt activist how to kill polic offic 
chocolate-chip-cookie-dough-ice-cream-pizza-holy-shit
It look like natur select tcot 
revealed: georgesoro chang obama’ polici on increas the total number of refuge to 100k annually. 
whytrumpcanceledr well... he didn't!!! and it turn realli massiv in austin! place is fulli packed! 
drunkband iggi alcopop midnight
"greiten holster hi militari themes, look for wider audienc in gener elect campaign  polit"
danroan hello. I think there' someth that may get your attent pleas look it through. It might be huge
jenn_abram right decision!
hillari wear design hospit gown now for public events! sickhillari 
makemehateyouinonephras america need to be made great again 
 the talent just doesn't stop
the pure strength of a tiger 🐯😱😱😱😱 
hey benedict arnold! addcartoonstohistori midnight
humoritarian 😂😂
wood is surviv by hi wife and 3 sonshero wood and doherti gave their live away protect their compatriot 
"million of american vote trump2016 bcaus they want it reversed, duh "
christmasaftermath 100 new empti beer can sinc 7 am..hangov 
He still got hi swagger back!p.2
ich glaub sie ist alternativlos! merkelmussbleiben
"it' just anoth song, about missin you. ericchurch"
(p) persist (a) addict (s) serious (s) search for glori (i) integr (o) optim (n) noth interf
oh... da war zu nett! man muss solch aktionen öfter machen! 😍makehersmil weltfrauentag2017… 
mayor of west virginia citi resign after racist post about michel obama 
"perseverance719 sorri to hurt your feelings, snowflake."
thi video wa taken at univers of oregon in front of lilli halli thi okay to you guys?? 
france: It wa a beauti landmark church! now saudi-fund mosqu be built! 
media say donald trump is a racist yet look at all these black he' employed.. 
I use to wast my time dream of be alive. now I onli wast it dream of you.
it' crazi how music can connect souls.
penc appear at odd with trump on climat chang  via news 
islamkil just heard about the explos in belgium.....pleas stay safe guy brussel
AP fact check: trump get much wrong on ukrain  news
lakersn 
steal futur sport almanac (tweet 2 of 2) my4wordnewyearsresolut
judge: No deposit for hillaryclinton but she'll have to answer written question 
"not all muslim are terrorists. still, it' quit stupid to say that they ""have noth to do with terrorism""!!! "
stopislam So islam isnt the problem? wake the fuck up norefugeeswelcom islamkil
christi seek to rais big buck for trump transit
topvideo trump on immigration:ther will be no amnesti 
new great poll:trump - 46%hillari - 38%thank you kansas! 
gopdeb you know that  trump hit new high in poll vegasgopdeb
Or even more 
miner leagu basebal oneletteroffsport midnight
jenn_abram wada_ama So disappoint in  wada_ama. We live in a world where even in sport there' no fair contest
obama wa caught in a lie about hillari againtrumpahorrormoviepodestaemail 
"polic brutal is an obviou fact, it’ stupid to deni it endpolicebrut fergusonrememb"
So good to know that she' not our president!hillaryforprison2016 
"i'm not perfect. i'll annoy you, make you mad but put all that aside. you'll never find someon who care and love you more than me."
"sorry, hillary: trump’ polici are clearli better for black"
imprison for treason - is our demand for killary!teapartynew conserv republican hillari trump 
holi shit what did I just watch 
I don't believ huma! she' too close to hillari to be an honest person! 
mehr platz für famili merkelmussbleiben
jordan' rebrand islamist seen stage elect comeback  world news
"demndeb “if the doctor show up to the white hous and ask you to be a companion, where would your first destin be and why?”"
donald trump attack cnn in tweetstorm  polit
how az' democrat and gop deleg differ  |  
islamkil whi can't the syrian refuge go to mexico!? fight the cartel who are almost as bad as them? stopislam
"dear whoever is read this, you are beauti and someon out there is crazi about you. ♥"
listen to my playlist. My soul' cri 💧 😔 💧
I believ colin powel 100%👍👍we all know crookedhillari lie constantly. hillaryemail 
can you pleas stop be so cute? i'm tri not to like you.
"libertarian VP weld: trump ha ‘a screw loose’: donald trump is not onli a “huckster,” but he also ha a “scr... "
'emerg protest' schedul in chicago after trump win  
"whi can't the media talk about the real issues, the fraud, the lies, and the scandal of clinton??neverhillari "
thingsicanneverresist show you real logo of hillary' campaign. 
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
I don't think it' nessesari to ask thi question. ya'll know what. media 'loves' black peopl so much.blm 
reminder: donald trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari clinton for president! 
addfamilyruinasong famili famili guy theme song
"thanksobama one of the worst thing obama did wa to give golf a bad name.  now it' consid a haven for lazy, irresponsbil bastard"
when hodor die bevaus he wa hold the door in got andthatswhenistartedcri
celebrations! 🎂 (w/ leo the giant) 
I like goodmorn and goodnight texts. I like phone calls. I like know that someon care and that they'r trying. I like feel want
14 feb 2017 reasonsiaintinarelationship
betteralternativetodeb vomit
hillari just can't walk up stairs.. need someone' help..templecernovich 😏 
thoma run a train problematickidsshow midnight
"the beauti of a woman is seen in her eyes, becaus that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides."
"thingspeopleontwitterlike.... hashtag games, receiv like and retweet "
how to live without hashtag ihavearighttoknow
I am sick and tire of thi so-cal candid for the presidential. hillaryforprison2016 hillari teaparti 
trump stand up for backer even as ralli scuffl break out  news
republican warn realdonaldtrump : right the ship or lose senat 
hicaliberlilg prolife!
time to make america great again! trump
i'm tire of get my hope up for thing that I know will never happen.
champion have the courag to keep turn the page becaus they know a better chapter lie ahead.  – paula white
"ccot""isi islam muslim 'honor killing' un-islamic? not so fast!   "","
you give me feel i’ll never have for anyon else.
flashback: michel obama slam hillari as unfit for the white housedeb 
stopislam islamkil whi can't our govern seek and destroy those murderers?
sometimesitsokto hate 
trumpforpresid hillaryforprison2016 let' go trump!!! makeamericagreatagain ❤️❤️ trumpforpresid
quicktak q&amp;a: trump’ warn about a ‘rigged’ elect  polit
what Is the deadlin to dump trump?  polit
"blessed42315 yeah, right. it' 2016, you can't speak up anymor without be tag"
nocybercensorship internet shouldn’t be censor 💻🚫
lol 
"I wouldn't mind a mail-ord bride on a trial basis, but I am definit not russian into anything. overheardatthewishingwel"
obamalegacyoffailur pute refuge ahead of veteran 
"prayers4california definitely, guncontrol will work out"
photo of thi girl kill by terrorist goe viral!
hillari isn’t a good senat so she can’t be a good presid hillarynothnx
trump super pac strategist say there Is An 'otherness' To obama  |  
 time to get gun
first year be rich  my4wordnewyearsresolut
"He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature. socrat"
when i'm drunk I get side track eazyli
"yooo I call my sister:""ay ur best friend is in ocala.""""i know ur talkin about D. trump. He aint my bff. shut up. U tri it.""she' 12"
the univers of pennsylvania releas an offici statement friday afternoon: 
i`m so scared! what` go on in texas?! texasjihad
It absolut astound me that thi dupe ha ani supporters.“hillari clinton’ thirst for war” by patriotblak 
In an airport watch it happen on TV while wait to get on a plane togo on holiday my911stori
der vorsitzend de zentralr der muslim fordert ein konsequenter abschiebung von gefährdern
penc in 1997: work mother stunt emot growth of ch...  |  
"group of immigr attack a coupl in italyeurope, what' wrong with you?refugeeswelcom "
poor you 
itsriskyto pop zit
that' except for the braindead vegi who actual believ trump' son shot a saber-tooth cat in africa 
Me watch the debat tonight 
"If hilari accept gift from foreign govts. then If elected, her allegi will be to donors, but not to the usa.… "
awesom to be in scranton pa! makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
don’t bring baggag from an ex-relationship into your next relationship…unless you want it to be a short trip.
"america: where it' accept to step on our flag, but unaccept to kick illeg out.that must be stopped! "
makemusicreligi altar- imag
No wordsberlinattack 
the onli one who need to be shape is your supporters. wakeupamerica 
dishonest media hide trump movement but we will break their propaganda! debat debatenight 
"jessica william nelson a homeless black woman, wa fatal shot by SF polic in maya usual cop had no reason to… "
pew song  makemusicreligi
histori repeat itselfhillaryforprison2016 
"half of these muthaf-ck rapper don't know shit, aint seen a gangsta, aint seen a brick  – yeawolf"
just look At thi racist donald trump that the liber keep talk about!trumpindetroit 
the latest: utah' lee call on trump to quit after apolog 
"but, of course, muslim countri canjohn kerri is a jokeislamistheproblem istandwithisrael "
"kindness, i'v discovered, is everyth in life.  – isaac bashevi singer"
trump’ ex wife is just tri to draw attent by thi wild stori
don't go into busi to get rich. Do it to enrich people. It will come back to you.
that` great!! 
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel 
wasn`t ferguson enough for them?baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
"""have blond hair is like a happi prison."" girlcod iamonfir"
cancelplansin5word tonight is methflix
drunken is noth but voluntari madness.
"due to the violenc of muslim refugees, more and more peopl understand that it wa bad idea to invit them here! "
final debat for clinton and trump 
geepennin bigot is a label. use of label character onli those you use them
spider vein man superoldhero midnight
pastor interrupt trump to stop him from attack ...  polit |  
"politweec stop notic the differ and note the similarities, and everyth will be ok"
"jodi mari burchard-risch wa accus of attack asma jama, a somali immigrant, at the coon rapid applebee’ in… "
secret servic spoke to trump campaign about comment  polit
the custom comment board at five guy burger
trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
stonedcomicbook  midnight  the A bender
I lie to myself all the time. but I never believ me
current congress move show disrespect to the presid and their plan on their presid congresidentlett
realdonaldtrump moron 
"yeah, right, we are just be ridicul demsinphilli dncconvent demconvent "
beforetwitteri 
"""trump may have said bad words, but bill clinton rape me and hillari threaten me. I don't think there ani comparison""~ juanita debat"
isiswatchingy it’ easier to connect to an isi member on twitter than to someon from our govern
maud megadeth addabandtoatvshow
dat wheels! 
msnbc interview black women voter about donald trump. veri powerful! fakevotingfact 
 wow!
worldstar war midnight redneckamovi
kaine: pence’ putin comment show ‘irrat hostility’ for obama  polit
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! womensequalityday 
"becaus make gangster video or be black should be enough to get you an oscar, right?  oscarhasnocolor oscar "
topvideo circus respond to u.s. elect 'circus' jibe 
tom carrol domin hi heritag pipelinemast heat. video: asp quiksurf 
Do you want to phone-sex a friend? gameshowhostpickuplin
rnc deleg warmli welcom peter thiel’ histor pro-gay speech  news
kim kratdashian' wed  kim kratdashian' wed
the bibl thingsinventedwhilehigh
igetdepressedwhen I see peopl who think black live don't matter.
childrenthinkthat they can live without job
"On thi day in 1766 abolitionist, inventor, entrepreneur, jame forten wa born in philadelphia, pa. "
"merkel ist nicht radikal, dennoch macht sie kein rückschritte! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
rememb when the govt (peopl with guns) tell you there is no reason for you to have gun 
hare may pull dead lion by the beard
hillari clinton wa right about the vast right-w conspiracy. here' whi it exists.  polit
the empir strike back To the futur addamovieruinamovi (or mayb make it even better??) midnight
addcartoonstohistori putin and the brain
"your vision will becom clear onli when you look into your heart. who look outside, dreams. who look inside, awaken"
memor line from dnc day 3  polit |  
"it' official! ted cruz on trump train!""a year ago, I pledg to endors the republican nominee, and I am honoring… "
don't scrambl cadburi eggs!
ifihadabodydoubl peopl would be total convinc i'm an alcoholic. who can consum so much wine?
judg enter not guilti plea on prison escape david sweat behalf
mcmillionair matchmak athleticstvshow
"Es kommt mir vor, frau merkel hat all chancen für noch ein amtszeit! merkelmussbleiben"
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
sin city: washingtonmakeamovierud
t.long. hooker athleticstvshow
"hillari clinton wasn't on public almost a week, while peopl have their home liter under water. weak clinton "
just download evolv game…think I have to take a vacat at work...
save benjamin' privat dickflick midnight
they are not of human kindthey are dirti filthi animals! 
sometimestwittermakesm question my sanity.
"nick - I don't get it is thi bath water? schmidt - It might as well be it rose, burn notic franc newgirl iamonfir"
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block..""deb debatenight"
clean your purs thingstodoinawaitingroom
the sustem itself need to be chang blacklivesmatt 
sometim even the smallest glimmer of hope can grow into a blind light that shine on the entir world.
alleg bill clinton rape victim respond to chelsea: “your father is a sexual predator” 
"that' the thing about pain, it demand to be felt."
realdonaldtrump fuck nafta. fuck tpp. presid trump is the onli way! makeamericagreatagain
Do not lower your standard to
topnew obama' presidenti librari to be built on chicago' south side: AP
"oscarssowhit creator say will not watch oscars. Go watch hillary, she give away anyth to play PC oscarhasnocolor oscar"
sherwood' notebook: A trump crowd Up close 
"dr. fin, medicin woman fishtv midnight"
betteralternativetodeb chess-box 
trumpbecaus “I onli work with the best” trump2016 👮🏿👮🏻👮
suspect islam milit gun down a coptic christian teacher on hi way to school in egyptreligionofpeac 
I alway do like this)))) 
resid evil altern ending: 'the dead can vote' wakeupamerica 
"bbc"" hit car show""top gear"" to return with new host"
media just turn ON hillary! look what washington post did for trump today…  
today' fashion look 
"onc skeptic of execut power, obama ha come to embrac It  |  "
rulesforeverydayliv doityourself
2016electionin3word i'm veri scare
We can’t let obama and hillari make these 70 thousand worker becom unemployed.w can do it and we must do it! 
"""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" ~ giuliani "
"We are in an era of handmad insights, of human be who touch other human be in some way, make chang happen. – seth godin"
.tedcruz: these idiot riot in the street are the same peopl who demand trump accept the result of the ele… 
"anoth black man wa just shot 4x and kill by cop in charlotte, hi daughter went on facebook live at the scene… "
thingsthatshouldbecensor slipper
mr jelli bean makeamoviefat
"I am a sinner, who' probabl gonna sin again, lord forgiv me, thing I don't understand – kendrick lamar"
"after more than two decad in prison, dna clear chicago man serv life for murder "
"I d love to pull on that nose ring, twist it real good and say.. doe that hurt ? lol. "
pittsburgh stealer oneletteroffsport
ben carson declar hillari Is still ly about benghazi
next time it can be someon you knowhillaryforprison 
If you live in the usa pleas vote for trump. you can make a better world for all of us  trumppence16 trumpforpresid
day 2 of democrat nation convent 
"the refuge will bring horror and terror to our country, look at europ islamkil stopislam"
student at st. loui debate: We still don’t like clinton or trump  news
trump2016 godblessamerica hillaryforprison2016 election2016 trumpforpresid
helicopt jump! 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot i 
trumpbecaus we'r done with those poor leaders.
"yep, they want you to elect thi sorri excus for a human being. "
iamonfir total mistak dude! never do like that 
"rage alcoholic, not fit for presid maga  hillaryforprison2016 election2016   trumpforpresid"
whi should we forget our history?tcot 
jamilahk discuss how america ha reveal itself for who it realli is— and that we must face our issu of… 
they would say anyth to make you vote for them demdeb demdeb demdebatemiami
"clever_dov it' a histor item, noth more"
they are so lovely! 
fakenew
merkel rettet syrisch leben merkelmussbleiben
vpdebat penc kain 
cover Up the caus of breast cancer sinc 1985: astrazeneca bcam   via 3tags_org pjnet
midnight iron supplement man superoldhero
".kimguilfoyle: ""melania trump' an independent, she' her own woman, she speak her own mind."" "
kyballion knowthyself blackhistori blacklivesmatt we start thi   
what do you get when you order a 'hillari clinton' at kfc? emojiaweekend
trudeau detect maketvshowscanadian midnight 
yesterday I did noth and today i`m finish off what I did yesterday
"As elect nears, U. S. senat TV ad heat up "
A girl attack in charlott by blm thug for be white. thanksobama 
the fda take step to remov artifici tran fat in process food
trump campaign against 'crook media': what' next?  polit |  
"thi won't be a landslide, more like tsunami! trumppenc makeamericagreatagain "
I see you roll your eye when you hear the word 'racism'. We die becaus of racism. I don't care how you feelblacktol
"just a reminder: donald trump gave up hi billionair lifestyl to be humiliated, ridicul and slander to save t… "
(ibd) So whi can't barack hussein obama admit isi behead christians?  pjnet 999  - 
n.j. revok licens of 2 doctor accus of sexual misconduct 
'I am so sick and tire of all thi scandal w/ the clintons. wherev they go there' dirt.' ~ judgejeanin 
the hate 867-5309   addasongruinamovi midnight
2.judg carolin morrison ha deni the warrant for the arrest of the attack for charg of 2nd degre harass C…
"janet reno, first femal u.s. attorney general, ha diedsh couldn't handl the elect "
happi internationalwomensday 
igetdepressedwhen that ef tourett syndrom ruin my liaisons.
topvideo kain visit memori at puls nightclub 
I vape makemehateyouinonephras
wearhoodiefortrayvon and stand up for your rights! wearealltrayvon
smdh😢sanbernardino chao today  prayers4california
I don`t even care what car is that 😂😂 
maketvshowsaustralian malcolm in the muddl
"clinton, trump exchang racial charg accus "
you know you'r on the right track when you becom uninterest in look back.
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy""… "
"By the time we'v made it, we'v had it."
It wa onli 6:15 am.
my presenc lol be thank lastminutegifts2016
step on american flag👇! 👉 blackwomendidthat 
foulk hous athleticstvshow
sefi99 würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
american black are wake up to the democrat plantation!msm will never show this! mondaymotiv 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin trump' head To appear On rushmor
trumpwinsbecaus american know better than to let the clinton cartel back in to power. lockherup trumpforpresid
"topnew part of white house, capitol complex evacu hour apart after bomb threat "
insultingmovi the wicker man-child
steinhausernh1 nh1new what kind of TV new are you? your polit 1st page ha NO trace of the winner of the iowa caucus tedcruz tcot
worstpaineverin3word complain about politician
"On  ‘the tonight show,’ clinton weigh in on a trump-putin ‘bro-mance’  polit"
"when the hous is crooked, check the foundation! crookedhillari neverhillari "
"""we are go to put peopl befor government!' ~ donald J. trump "
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""muslim isi islam' free pass: don't you dare question us!   "","""
islamkil My thought and prayer to all the family' who involv in the terror accent in brussel prayforbrussel brussel
the problem with muslim p. who come to our countri is that they don't want to assimilate. teapatynew teaparti 
wikileak outlin how hillari did her saudi master bid In libya which creat isi 
We have 2 problems:muslim who keep attack us everi day liber who keep call them peaceful! 
hillari clinton campaign invest in democrat parti of georgia  | 
hillaryclinton up 5 point in AZ poll that interview nearli twice as mani democrat as republican 
I don’t ever want to wake up lookin into someon else’ eyes. timmcgraw
brookenielson46 rsimet1 4_us_presid tas0727 honourcoven thx for following. plz check out my pjnet team mate nicelyme001
I just publish “who’ pay for sabotag trump?” 
happi 2ndamendmentday! 2A gun gunright usa rednat
 have you seen this?!
"incid like sanbernardinoshoot are use to push gun laws, when the root problem are ignor tcot prayers4cali…"
"hillaryclinton thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!piss dem off, show them thi pic! "
icelebratetrumpwith guess if the elect wa rig after all.
world landmark lit to show solidar with pari
A gorgeou tattoo.
rip We support the 2nd amend  prayers4california
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on bill clinton' past "
« there is no surer sign of decay in a countri than to see the rite of religion held in contempt. » machiavelli
"dude, where' My mobil home? redneckamovi midnight"
don't fear the reaper I Am sam addasongruinamovi
black offic suspend after tri To warn hi fellow citizen Of polic racism 
 use tip
"hilaryclinton openli brag about have a critic voic in the invas of libya, which led to the rise of isi "
 best movi kiss
"risk must be taken, becaus the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing."
there are two americas. and we don't want the one with corrupt lie crimin hillari clinton trumpwa 
rtifyouar not read new york time and washington post
thi made me laughtcot pjnet 2A 
philli is go red! don't believe? come and check! all trump support welcome! tell your stori about how dem wo… 
revisit the turn point of the 2016 elect  
challeng are what make life interest and overcom them is what make life meaningful.
eat pizza pizza pizza my4wordnewyearsresolut
"We forget that despit the superfici differ between us, peopl are equal in their basic wish for peac and happiness."
merkel sorgen sich für ein sicher rent merkelmussbleiben
🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸fourteen US medal of honor recipi endors trump for presid 
mindgrub land deal to develop mobil app for exelon util  
thi is how you show solidarityracismmustfal 
I am in love with love!
let everyon know about onli girl thi tuesday!!!!
"betteralternativetodeb presidenti olympics: test skill set and stamina by wrestling, fenc and artist gymnast"
"No one should be deni of their right to marri the one they love, boy or girl gaylovematt"
"At commander-in-chief  forum, trump and clinton clash over readi to take over the oval offic  polit"
anywher hillari would take them 😂presidenttrump 
north korea say restart nuclear fuel plant
ben &amp; jerry’ ice cream endors blacklivesmatt 
"fraktionschefin der linke|n, hofft auf friedlich demonstrationen. leider sind es falsch hoffnungen..."
"blame the gun, not the shooter. blame the weather, not the terrorist  prayers4california"
democrat watch rncincl &amp; realiz that they are screwed..trump2016neverhillari trumppence16 
gener elect could cost citi of san diego $5.5 million  local sandiego
cnn didn't cover bomb yesterday becaus they want to take reveng on trump for play them with presser. 
"our gener is f*cked up when it come to trust, loyalty, and relationships."
"maketvshowsaustralian ""the veri odd couple"" "
don't boo...wait.   thingstodoinawaitingroom                  dontboovot
"nomine debat less than 15 mile from ferguson, don't discuss polic reform "
air qualiti advisori issu for saturday: An air qualiti advisori ha been issu for northea... …
"""freedom is the sure possess of those alon who have the courag to defend it,"" - pericl  prayers4california"
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
with trump4presid we maga  with hillari you gaga  trumpforpresid
hillari angrili lectur campaign report who ask her about clinton foundation. 
ilove__butihate__               pirat        pie rat
footag of saa oper in bustan al basha aleppo 
presid trump. thi is the altern univers where biff own all the casino right?
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust tcot pjnet  "
I would love to be that car 
ani chanc a meteor will join the debat tonight? 
congratul realdonaldtrump you won florida! 
If hillari win obama' go to take hi place and then you'll have to forget about your rightswakeupamerica 
fbi publish note on clinton’ use of privat email 
iknewweweredoom when the tini ship wa toss 
islamkil what idiots!! refuge are not welcome!!! under ani circumstances!! brussel
go all the way off 
what doe the heat and air condit Do when it' mad??? tofeelbetteri vent  worldofhashtag  giselleevn
all we have to decid is what to do with the time that is given to us. (the lord of the rings: the fellowship of the ring)
We are the one.w all are power blacklivesmatt blackpeopleproblem blackpeopletwitt blackpow blacktwitt http://t…
songmakesmetearup I guess i'm a big fat babi becaus everi slow song from john legend to eminem and 50 cent make me cry!
every.word. 
"trump, on defense, blame media for second amend flap "
trump meet with obama at white hous in symbol start to transit of power  
 surrealist but fun!
knkcattl catalishu pigeontoday ccot the e.u. and western nato state join muslim In antichrist allianc  
⚡️ “the last debate”
"""we can't fix a rig system by elect the peopl who rig it in the first place."" ~ donald trump "
femal polit candid are treat as circu freak 2016elect
"clinton 'overheated' on coolest day, just 75 degrees, breezyclintoncollaps  "
interest and well made! 
i'm not interest in age. peopl who tell me their age are silly. you'r as old as you feel.  – elizabeth arden
We just can't allow thi in america! 
what for?! 
"hate doesn't make america great, but peopl like freedomrid do "
stopislam thousand of american are starv
tadam! 
ishouldgetamedalfor fuck thievingasshol
nigeria' militari ha rescu 234 more women and children from bokoharam. that' what a real serv mean
nocybercensorship i'm with thereaibanksi and snowden
thingsyoucantignor your bladder
rtfsaturdays3ps~-//31\\behindthescen filmsaboutforgettingyourp chicago cancelplansin5word video music  
suicid squirrel  rodentiaamovieorsong 
superoldhero professor ex-lax
how mani of you know what  (((( assimil ))))) mean ???  ask whi it' not be enforc  B4 you vote for ani candid in 2016 pjnet
"merkel äußert sich: ""wir teilen ihren schmerz. man darf aber flüchtling unter generallverdacht nicht stellen!"" "
donald trump can never be presid of thi country! just can't be allow to happen...
brunel kyei stand strong w trump —tell it like it is americafirst votetrumpp  trumpforpresid
"gute nacht, mein lieben! träumt süß! "
"trump voter turn-out is way up, poll proven to be rigged. it' happening! "
dogsong  My kennel 'ti of thee where I shake mud off me. Of thee I bark!  midnight
.realdonaldtrump noth like a win trumpforpresid
bill clinton defend hillari over e-mail server controversi  polit
her face hahahah 
donald trump' plan to take out isis: attack their famili
"kirkpatrick, mccain debate: senat candid trade jab over support for clinton, trump "
merkelmussbleiben sie verteidigt die recht der minderheiten
"like, seriously! nevertrump "
donald trump say birthright babi are not citizen
conflict i24news_en An eye for an eye?
stonedcomicbook  midnight  the dark knight reburn
"addsethimproveanyth ""the seth?? you cannot handl the seth!!"""
"trump: ""thi is the legaci of hillari clinton: death, destruction, terror and weakness."" rncincl "
better than ezra call saul addabandtoatvshow
all the water in the area is contamin with phosphorus!!! phosphorusdisast
2017 is look goodmakeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump 
obama plan vast expans of hawaiian marin sanctuari  polit
clinton foundat didn't disclos as much as $26m in speak fee 
new risk for trump after iowa loss wakeupamerica tcot cruzcrew  
freed terrorist
mynewcatchphrasei realli trump' the nominee. No way.
ye all of our lane are open unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
plastic hip man superoldhero midnight
"Be patient, one day someon is go to walk into your life and make you realiz whi it never work out with anyon else."
"1980 polls: reagan - 39, carter - 45reagan won in a landslide..don't believ the polls! "
rnc redirect fund away from trump 
the jort locker midnight redneckamovi
worstpaineverin3word either heartbreak or the stomach pain when i eat dairi
the life and time of michael k-elvin
I fight becaus ericgarn should be abl to kiss hi wife goodnight and tell hi children that he love them. fergusonrememb
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
the wheather is like my shadow choos not to follow
bad breath thingsyoucantignor
trump ha a challeng week with a tax revel  news
"trump: ""we will be a countri of generos &amp; warmth. but we will also be a countri of law &amp; order.""rncincleivanka "
".realdonaldtrump whi would anyon vote for someon who will rais taxes, dilut 2nd amend"
we'r so excited! 15min to go! 
and: rubio = amnesti  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  We need cruz!  
parent blast school after trump-lov student tell black kid to get in the back of the bu rawstory… 
jeb! is miss hi exclamationn point
"how clinton, trump stack up on health care  polit"
"trump insists, falsely, that He oppos iraq war  news |  "
"lektormorphist ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
"wakeupamerica ""beny_benson: usmc general: border crisi threaten US exist ccot tcot pjnet …"""
the overal number of mosqu in the u.s. ha grown 77% over last 5 years! everi mosqu is outpost of terrorism! 
"iif you admir somebodi you should go ahead and tell 'em, peopl never get the flower while they can still smell em  – kany west"
trump on clinton' guards: 'take their gun away'  polit
topvideo obama 'doesn't take duterte' comment personally' 
that wa cool 
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country"" "
how' she still even a candidate? trump2016 
"johnsonjoan such bitterness... If you look in the past you live in the past, but if you forgot the past you have no future."
what will you fill when you get a diseas that you could'v been protect from? vaccinateu
RT if you refus to trust our worthless mainstream media 
dumberbroadway wickedpedia
blink-18-spew drunkband midnight
convent ratings: democrat beat gop  |  
hong kong pro-independ candid disqualifi from elect  world news
msbayhaven source?
supremesacrificeday don't forget about peopl who were fight for our freedom 
everythang good!!
barrylowdn I guess it' up for hillari clinton. i'm not friend with terrorist
icelebratetrumpwith mexican food
mcclellan: reconsid primari elect predict  polit
"releaseclintonsmedicalrecord hillari doesn't have a heart, there' noth to be hurt"
"trump tri to kiss a girl at hi wisconsin rally""what? I never gave my permiss for this!"" nevertrump "
".krauthammer: ""I think it' been obviou from the veri begin that it wa ransom."" "
I miss you most at night
what doe springsteen think of christie' trump endorsement? | the auditor 
benghazi shirt at trump ralli in everetttrumpwa 
new US secur up at ncaa game after threat to obama' niec (cb news) 
"trumpbecaus dont let these idiots, that would be the liberals, drag thi countri down. vote for trump 😖😹"
islamkil whi do they think peopl are go to just wait for the them to catch these terr brussel
cybercensorship ha noth to do with cybersecur nocybercensorship
clinton plan thursday address in nevada on trump and the ‘alt-right’  polit
london: muslim scream ‘thi IS our countri now get out’ &amp; abus the police! We will have the same under hillary! 
websit offer $1 million bounti for hillaryclinton' medic record 
watch: n.j.' pascrel champion clinton as best for vet
"addcartoonstohistory"""
"donald trump: ""all immigr benefit when we keep out those who do not truli wish to join our society."" ftmyer "
great to see patriot who haven't fallen for toxic blacklivesmatt and stand togeth call for peacemilwauke 
"lie run sprints, but the truth run marathons. -michael jackson"
good guy for donald trump!deb 
We have 2 problems:muslim who keep attack us everi day liber who keep call them peaceful! 
trump' lead in florida is growing!pray for trump!electionday
"the richest man is not he who ha the most, but he who need the least."
cirrhosist hazel midnight drunkband
commun orgasm for all nerdkind comicconin5word midnight
elizabeth warren trash donald trump at dnc  polit
the woman who are liber onli march. renamemillionwomenmarch
onewordoffbook midnight  the machiavellian candid
"you may never know what result come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results."
"'the simpsons' mock trump, clinton in '3 a.m. call' video  polit"
stopislam islamkil I know not all muslim are the same but you are awar of the increas violenc in europ from refugees?
demdeb first honest appeal from hillaryclinton!! ohhillno hillaryforprison2016  demdebatemiami 
"you'v got to show her you love her, morn and night, be there for her just to make thing right. georgestrait"
nocybercensorship no. smooth isn't. subtl is the term.
schoolgirl interrupt japanamovi midnight
it’ easier to turn a friendship into love than to turn love into a friendship
"winterexpert wow, that' interesting. isn't it fake tho?"
goldman sachs' top 1% employe can't donat to trump  polit |  
keep check your watch and say out loud that the incub should be over soon thingstodoinawaitingroom
clinton tri to quell resurg email issu late in race  news
RT if you also think melania trump will be the best first lady! 
time pass by like lightning. befor you know it you'r struck down.
"If you want change, creat the causes."
nachdem es may al premierministerin gibt wird EU keinen brexit-stress haben merkelmussbleiben
If you hate truth just leav the internet and watch TV nocybercensorship
you had me at hellboy.    onewordoffmoviequot  midnight
thingspeopleontwitterlik me. you realli like me. 
"""we can't fix a rig system by elect the peopl who rig it in the first place."" ~ donald trump "
Do you still think he can't do what he promised? tcot pjnet 
donald trump: peopl who want their border secur are not racists. they'r patriot americans. 
trump is not against immigration!  He is against illegals! debatenight debat 
"excus chang nothing, but make everyon feel better.  – mason cooley"
 mad guy!!!
without humor life is boring. without love life is hopeless.
"""the whole tan yard"
berniesand to sue dnc administr for bia and conflict of interest 
obama slam trump on black commun remark  polit 
"""three term for obama."
dwight howard. nbaballot 
"""presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people"" ~ clint eastwood "
when you haven't watch cnn for a while trump2016 
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann "
wa onc suicid by the clinton' but he refus to stay dead. kenbonefact
iamonfir your age doesn't defin your maturity. your grade don’t defin your intellect. rumor don’t defin who you are.
ihavearighttoknow if trump' peni is also orang
you can buy recreat marijuana at shop in oregon start oct. 1   via 3tags_org pjnet
take me to the edg again
differ between trump and clinton imwithhernow vs heswithu makeamericagreatagain 
"imposs is not a word, it just a reason for peopl not too try."
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa primaryday primary2016 democrat 
"trump: disarm clinton’ bodyguards, ‘let’ see what happens’  news"
death star or world star? rejecteddebatetop
obama ha releas 10yemeni terrorist thi week. one of them said he' gonna kill as mani american as possible.. 
"have you download the brainyquot free io app? here' one of 175,000 imag you can make."
breaking: clinton campaign &amp; dnc incit violenc at trump ralliescrook hill responsiblewil msm cover thi at a… 
comedycentral: plastic hip man superoldhero midnight
game changer: what thi black woman told trump today will make him president!  
midnight in the garden of good and evil onewordoffbook
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
superoldhero medicar bear midnight
hillari clinton and donald trump court ohio voter on labor day 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  same thing I would tell ani 15 year old. shut the fuck up!
soerenbartol würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
liberallog
"even though I promis myself I wouldn't risk the chanc of get hurt again, for some reason, when i'm with you, it all seem worth it."
half-indian man escort out of trump ralli  polit |  
white peopl mad about malia obama smoke weed like their kid aren't snif cocain behind their back
what if they want to drink a 64 oz soda in ny? demdebatemiami
I don't know whether to laugh or to cri 
guns4ni the right to arm onesself is a natur right!
"We are social anim and it is in our own interest, if we want to live a happi life, to think of the rest of humanity."
more die from drug than guns. read &gt;  2A nra pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris 
frau merkel nimmt da best au den wahlprogrammen der anderen parteien und bringt un zu dem erfolg! merkelmussbleiben
RT if you also think that wikileak ha done great servic for the american expos hillary' corruptiondncleak 
'we should be concern that 16 state have use ballot equip provid by compani tie to soros'… 
topnew polic union: open carri of gun should be suspend at republican convent in cleveland
"If burn the american flag is the 1st amend right, whi is burn the quran a hate speech? "
donald trump bet voter have short memori  polit
christi defend trump' messag behind controversi dwyan wade tweet
wednesday on the fan  news
"‘if you don’t want To vote for yourself, vote for me,’ jim crow’ regim survivor ask "
our found father fought for our right to freeli speak nocybercensorship 💪 
one day... i'll be someone' everything.
valentinesdayin3word  singl awar day 
"clever_dov they like have out-trol all the troll now, haha"
derayformayor that what we were wait for so long ✊🏿
littl china shop of horror japanamovi midnight
think twice befor vote for hillari teaparti hillaryforprison 
Do android dream Of electr sheep wool? makeabookwarm
"first of three debat will be a huge moment for clinton, trump "
"yo, thinkin' out loud"
3d street pass hot zone comicconin5word midnight
home alon and cri mysaturdaynightin4word
pgmors yep.
donald trump supporter: I know what real racism IS 
more cowbel thingsyoucantignor 
king jame version
whi she do it to me summer
breal372002 He alway said he wa a republican tho
guardian seri 'anywher but washington' kick off with visit to trump support in youngstown  polit
"topvideo obama reaffirm ""veri special relationship"" between US and UK "
thousand descend on manhattan to protest trump presid  
trump tri to gain support in feud with gold star famili  |  
"funni that the nytim is ban in china, though 50% of click they get are from there msm buy clicksnot… "
jordan start to do what we should have done long ago! pplvsisi
fergusonrememb power-hungri cop must be stopped!
ramen in black japanamovi midnight
have a look! bad news for democrats!they are lose support among color americans!  makeamericagreatagain 
how to irrit obama:1 own A gun2 have A job3 read the constitut 
A blacklivesmatt protest give a speech stand on the polic car roof in charlotte..i that peac prote… 
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel louis_tomlinson
noth but blue pen to fill out my paper ballot? they'r not even hide it anymore.  riggedelect trumpforpresid
midnight stop indiana jone and the kingdom of the crystal skull from be made timetravelerproblem
iamthankfulfor alexa bliss' ars
"hillari clinton' evolut on gay rights: 'on that issue, she followed' "
happybirthdayharrytruman! he’ one of my person hero
omeisi clinton imperi creat war in world election2016 ww3supporterevil neverhillari syria yemen trumpforpresid
"whiteliberalproverb ""islam is the religion of peace!"" "
the tropic express makeabookwarm
god damn I can't wait till they cancel the apprentic tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
what a slut she is! 
 hillarious)
washingtonpost postopinion hillaryclinton We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot win 
If my children end up smoking…
clinton IT news make it pretti clear that everyth connect with hillari clinton is bought and not trustworthi
I don't understand how someon can tell so mani lie
mexican man charg with rape a 13-year-old girl on a bu had nineteen deport and remov 
"whi is lyin' hillari clinton exempt from the law? A complet rig system, we will chang it!dncconvent "
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r vote for donald trump
children of the cobb addamovieruinamovi midnight
merkel wird die negativen folgen von brexit zusammen mit theresa may beseitigen merkelmussbleiben
clickbait mustbeban
sal1948 but hillari clinton want to go after russia. new cold war or someth worse? No thanks!
pulp fiction californiamovi
"hillaryaccomplish well, this. "
I cannot believe! wakeupamerica the ww3 grid they are IN love with barack obama and ye IT wa deserved.
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari doctor who say ""it will be just a slight pinch"""
thingspeopleontwitterlik mass debating.
"aw, to hell with the doughnut  mynewcatchphrasei"
polit A list of trump' rapidli chang polici posit
AP fact check: trump shape fact to fit econom agenda 
"unga like putin, cuz he stand with hi friends!"
sometim the heart see what is invis to the eye.
meangirlsrul don’t be poor 
 oh so mani make up on excersis instructor..
islamkil quell surprise. anyth to avoid acknowledg islamkil  brussel
I bet she' british-born 
"trump: 'i'v been all over the place, you decid to stay home....""sleep :) "
"liber go mad when they hear ""usa""😏trumpahorrormoviepodestaemails18 "
alberta In the famili maketvshowscanadian midnight
"On the anniversari of mikebrown death, we must be mind of all the work still left. blacklivesmatt ferguson ftp fe…"
"france: 2,800 church to be demolished, replac by mosques. 1868 neo-goth église saint-jacqu d'abbevil "
silent major is for trump! great pic!👇 show it to stupid democrats! 
debat detail revealed: clinton get 1st question  polit
"I love you, and that' all I realli know."
women protest republican 'legaci of sexism' outsid trump' philli headquart 
"turkey bomb kurdish citi Of afrin In northern syria, causal report   pjnet tcot   "
politweec probabl
"We turn, not older with years, but newer everi day"
for thi car even I would go for a date! 
"topnew one killed, sever miss in kentucki flood"
watch: christi explain trump' immigr polici 
discrimin :-( 'gay cake' case: asher bakeri appeal discrimin decision: A court ap...  uniteblu tcot
"deport clinton is more than just a brilliant idea, it is a true dream we all want to come true! "
"whi can't we stop terrorism? lack of special services, police? islamkil brussel"
islamkil prayforbrussel stay safe everyon @ brussel airport (bru)  stopislam
hillari clinton ha not been quick to share health inform  polit
islamkil refuge are not welcom here and those who support them are potenti terrorist
wear vote trump to save ourselv from the new world order. time to make america great again trumpwinsbecaus trumpforpresid
trump say he 'got out' of stock market  polit |  
I don't know how you can attend a  moralmarch if you have no moral 
donald trump’ georgia campaign show off it ground game  break
pain is temporary. quit last forever.
the human memori is a scari thing. It keep stubbornli what it want to forget as soon as it' possibl usa imho
christmasaftermath 7 pound gained. Is that even legal?
give black kid the same resourc &amp; opportun offer to white kid &amp; see the amaz thing they can do! 
"""I will do everyth to protect our lgbtq citizen from the violenc of a hate foreign ideology.""~ donald trump "
"It wa beauti and simple, as truli great swindl are."
baltimorepost clinton paid staffer to set up email server
"midnight confess On youtub from an ""expert"".  conspiracysong midnight"
"black people, if you'r realli so offended, then stop use welfar that our countri provid you with boycottnfl "
penc to kaine: you whip out that mexican thing again  polit
chicago lawmak want trump' honorari street sign remov 
back to work: congress return to washington ahead of elect  news
rejecteddebatetop 
darrenwilson will be alway the poster boy for polic brutal fergusonrememb
see how hillari respond to question about kid rock in trump' cabinet 
"🚨leaked: twitter shadow ban list. spread, please. "
"""liber tolerance""protest with ""bill' A rapist"" sign  wa attack at clinton ralli in lasvega "
thingsthatdisturbm peopl who don't do sport
thingsyoucantignor  alcohol
toavoidworki rememb the best moment of my summer and I can't  bethink no one
"ilove__butihate__ I love you, but I hate ewe "
nanci pelosi spent two minut blast mike flynn for tweet that came from a fake account 👉genmikeflynn. priceless.
bill clinton tell a love stori to make hi case for hillari  busi
rare footag of tank be born 
"yes, the media and the democrat parti are in bed together, figur and (in some cases) literally… "
don't becam a victim of media' brainwash! don't allow them to turn thing from the insid out. bluelivesmatt 
islamkil it' just senseless violence! prayforbrussel brussel
i’v been too long on my own
"We need valu base on common sense, experi and scientif findings, what I refer to as secular ethics."
thi need to be share everyday! 
"ryan, walker, johnson all skip trump’ wisconsin visit  news"
houston metro releas surveil video show cop beat homeless man... 
nydem neverhillari potustrump  votetrump hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
My boy swaggyp at it again!
norad cmdr Sr gen staff involv in cover-up  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot stopsharia 
give weed to inner-child my4wordnewyearsresolut
sometimestwittermakesm love anim !!! 
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
30 ayer rock. midnight maketvshowsaustralian
trump respond to critic over obama isil comment  news |  
"iaea say iran uranium stockpil reduced, but question remain  world news"
"""mi thought and prayer are with the victims, famili and brave first respond dure thi unspeak tragedy."" "
one cannot run with the hare and hunt with the hound
reminder: hillari took $150mil from muslim states! they total control her everi decision! debatenight… 
"hillari stole million from haiti &amp; now tri to capit on hurrican matthew, buy ad on weather channel😡… "
annoy a liberal. work hard. succeed. Be happi 
"…if a man doe not know what a thing is, it is at least an increas in knowledg if he know what it is not. -c.g. jung"
peopl who tri to be funni mustbeban
wikileaks: huma ask to cut hillari speech in half sinc there would be No podium to lean onpodestaemails10… 
cop and a half bake addamovieruinamovi midnight
da vertrauen de volk ist einer der wichtigsten merkelserfolg merkel ist die chefin!
hillaryclinton Ok close it now!
but I need that spark to get psych back up
when you pick onli black actor is that racism to white actors?  oscarhasnocolor oscar
topnew u.s. judg grant nationwid injunct to halt obama transgend polici
reasonsiaintinarelationship  I am still wait for her to break up with her current boyfriend.
iknewweweredoom when debbi wasserman schultz made sure berni didn't get the nomination. I miss bernie.
thi guy ha an import msg for you! RT if you think the same! 
"i'm not gonna chang for anyone, I don't care what peopl think, becaus I am me, and proud of it."
I love sleep but hate get up ilove__butihate__
politico polit how mean old john kasich becam mr. nice: ohio’ famous abras govern...  uniteblu tcot
"man attack with crowbar for wear trump t-shirt, polic say  break"
"If a girl admit that she like you, know that it took her everi ounc of courag she has. don't take her for granted!"
the way to get start is to quit talk and begin doing. –walt disney
"riots, violent attack and hate crime hoaxes. that' the real face of liberals. you guy should be asham of yours… "
refuge are welcom here  crazyin4word 
rejecteddebatetop 3rd wave femin
muslim cleric: 'western need to accept the fact that islam will domin all land it touches' 
trump: I will restor law and order to our citi to make life safe. 
rejectedusesforcandycorn christma gift
donald trump to ralli in austin 
trump spoke to the veteran of foreign war at their annual convention. 
bears’ jay cutler happi with elect results: ‘i’v support trump for A while’  
oann pl present more balanc info abt co by have publiushuldah on grahamledg or tippingpoint ? would be quit a debat pjnet
"obama end vacation, prepar for louisiana visit "
trump meet nation hispan advisori council in new york 
reservoir bitch insultingmovi 
27 peopl you can vote for who are not donald trump or hillari clinton  
clinton say trump wa ‘stalking’ her in last debat  polit
samthiessen bob_grandpa bstevewhit I love the article. some point are controversi but nevertheless interest for a further research
new US hawaiian airlin flight make emerg land (cb news) 
thingspeopleontwitterlik originality.
it` evid that some ppl will vote for those politician who legal marijuana! junkieu
trump in colorado say he “brilliantly” use tax law  news
trump: nba star' cousin' death is whi black will vote for Me  polit
sen. rob portman laud edwin restaur as model train program for ex-prisoners: u.s. senat rob portman to...  C…
new york time publish trump' '95 tax return  news 
geridynomit marshelleforb trinitysfaith sandihmaitland agiodepaul hlangendoen ledrew ccot  follow jesu
they won't tell you about these black inventor at school! In honor of blackhistorymonth 
"tweetsfrom10yearsago ""oh man, i'm turn 30 soon...sooo old!!!"" midnight"
who doe yoga up to 40?
"donald trump say law-abid african-american are ""main victims'' of violent protest  polit"
"and whi hillaryrottenclinton is even ""eligible"" to run for potus, but for theclintoncrimecartel  trumpforpresid"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm your strength are differ than the strength of others. don't let them tri to chang yo…
"chaqu femm se sent particulière, quand on lui offr de fleur ☺️journéedelafemmeiwd2017makehersmil "
tooclosetohom 
"""investig donald trump"" is trend on twitter. hillari got her lapdog media to drag attent from her crimes… "
howtoloseyourjob wish your boss a happi chanukah
My brother-cousin vinni redneckamovi midnight
"""noth great in the world ha been accomplish without passion"" - donald J. trumpmondaymotiv "
everi RT notifi lorettalynchit that it' time for her to step down! 
"So mani peopl can be respons for your success, but onli you are respons for your failure. – unknown"
I read to her a story. toavoidworki 
clinton’ ‘nasty’ trump ad are mostli hi own word  news
hillari clinton just can't take the respons right hillarynothnx
liter all refuge are terrorist islamkil brussel
"you know that  I think one of the greatest thing about gop is the understanding, we don't point finger and we have class vegasgopdeb"
clinton' turn: guid to the democrat nation convent  polit
"A veteran, lifelong democrat in florida, react to fbi director comey clear news: 'i'm cross parti lines'..… "
To disarm the peopl is the best and most effectu way to enslav them guns4ni
danieljeskee cmon DJ u know me who u think lol trump2k16 trumpforpresid
both side agree: trump a wild card in presidenti debat 
"charl hurt: “no matter how much the clinton lie, those email do not lie.” hillarysemail "
she’d better spend her time and money on her healthcar and leav the polit forever. collapsinghillari 
"makemehateyouinonephras no, there' no more wine left"
15-jährige erlitt anfal in schwimmbecken 
".brunelldonald: ""on novemb 8th, vote donald J. trump. don't be distracted, stay focused."" "
happybirthdayharrytruman! He gave us so much! great person and potu
clinton plan to releas more health record  news |  
"everi time i look at the keyboard, i see that U and I are alway together."
how vast a memori ha love!
"alcohol, what' that? it' not in my vodkabulary, but let me check in whiskypedia"
that' whi we support trump2016! that' whi we believ he'll keep hi promis and will makeamericagreatagain! 
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't mention trump. ever
ben fold five percent alcohol drunkband midnight
date with futur husband whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"chang ha to come from outsid our broken system -- right now, WE have a onc in a lifetim opportun to bring R… "
demndeb We want you to stop talk and start do demdeb
even the best fall down sometimes. iamonfir
hong kong pro-independ candid disqualifi from elect  news
slaveryofspeech racism in usa prosper
My literari voic (such as it is)
"""michel obama said yesterday that there' no hope, but I assum she wa talk about the past, not the future.""… "
3wordsbetterthanilovey I made coffe
merkel kämpft entschieden gegen die mängel der gesellschaft merkelmussbleiben
"Do you want to know who you are? don’t ask, act! action will delin and defin you. – thoma jefferson"
penc plane slide off runway at nyc' laguardia airport  polit
nypd arrest man who scale trump tower with suct...  via news |  
trump ha made one thing clear: he' not soften on immigr  break
"merkel-lag droht mit tv-duell-boykott. schade, ich möchte merkel-sieg in der debatt sehen 😐"
maketvsexi sesam street walkers.
"mattlauerdebatequest mrs.clinton, how doe it feel to be the worst robin hood impersonator? "
"what is the point os tonight' demdeb ? right, to tell more lie to us so we vote for one of them! demndeb"
puffi fish the shark slayer midnight fishtv
beauti natur but life is hard! 
let' get imwithtrumpohio trending. word is gop is tri to screw trump support by close office.
everyth is upside-down thank to the liber puppet mediatrump2016hillaryforprison 
cuomo: A bomb explod in NY is obvious an act of terror but it' not link to intern terrorismwellchelseanyc
saddl me up and let' begin
my4wordnewyearsresolut hindi ko susukuan ang account
becaus of muslim 
topnew obama to tour flood-batt area in louisiana
"polit trump prais khan, defend critic of hi father"
update🚨 meet thi 'peaceful' muslim who attack 20+ peopl in germany! würzburgreligionofpeac 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stop have sex with everyon u know
data expert suggest trump' 'own' tweet are written by ot...  |  
trump to declar end to nation build if elect presid  news
realdonaldtrump maga trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 buildthewal to trumpforpresid 
everyon is entitl to their own opinion. it' just that your is stupid
libtard impos their rotten view on peopl to split our countri and to defeat us. teaparti 
hillary4prison hillaryhealth  trumpforpresid
"fairi tale can come true. you gotta make them happen, it all depend on you. –tiana (princess and the frog)"
man bun mustbeban 
kthopkin grahamstacey2 those who say those attack have noth to do with islam are just liars. everyon know the truth.
topnew obama shorten prison sentenc for 98 convicts: white hous
certain peopl think they will feel good if certain thing happen the trick is you have to feel good for no reason.
what white privileg is? be oppress by blacklivesmatt ? 
brussel Do you want to bring in more terrorism? almost 70 arrest in us. includ refugees. islamkil
say yes! to the dress  addabandtoatvshow
".pastormarkburns: ""there' no such thing as an 'african-american community.' that is polit correctness..."" "
you know that  peopl who respect US constitut must rule the countri gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"""there will be bling ????????????"
therapi
"If you don’t end up smile while you are kiss someone, you are probabl kiss the wrong person just say"
thi hillary' thug destroy nearli 2000 vote IN florida befor be arrested! dem destroy our elections! 
rafael cruz to pastors: drop the PC sermon
"it' not about hate, not about racism.it' about our own peopl who need help and deserved! thi help! veteran "
wheel of fish! you are soooo stupid! fishtv uhf midnight 
guy and dolt dumberbroadway midnight
the latest: penc defend trump comment on clinton secur 
man who discov cte think hillari clinton may have been poison  polit
trump is the most pro-black candidate! thi pic break all stereotyp of dishonest media! spread it! 
vehicl in joebiden’ motorcad hit three car 
synchron lap danc sexysport midnight
will rand paul becom our next president? 2016elect
whi are women... so much more interest to men than men are to women?  – virginia woolf
"mccaskill, other democrat women senators, attest to hillari clinton' charact at democrat nation convent  polit"
whi doesn't america ask whi the server is not in the hand of the fbi? whatclintonwrit
have that father/son talk 🐝 
"baltimorepost why, whi is it happening!"
perfect respond when someon call obama a muslim! 
"We do our best, but still we look the other way, 'caus sometim it’ easier to run."
mj' famou free throw line dunk 
lwrdgr prayers4california
that' the truth. 
"norwegen: migrationsgegn halten bussitz für frauen in burkas. Es ist komisch, aber zum denken anregt..."
thi is how music should make you feel. i’m in heaven 😊 😊 😊
No brake on the trump train! 
"trump give dr. Oz medic report, clinton' doctor say she' 'healthi and fit' to serv as presid  polit"
remind that muslim onli care about minor right onli as long as they are the minoritysundaymorn 
"In thi holograph world, everyon is you and you are alway talk to yourself."
"""if you keep vote for the same people, you will keep get the same horribl results."" ~ trump everett "
polizei beim g20-gipfel hochsicherheitszon hamburg
"one american die everi 16 minut not from a gun, but from other american prayers4california"
islamkil In wa voor ne wereld leven wij??!!! stopislam
"появляется информация о том, что на некоторых избирательных участках люди не могут проголосовать за трампа.… "
"betteralternativetodeb check their dna to find out who is more ""american""?"
"I don't often lose my rig electionsbut when I do, I organ riot "
trump attack the clinton foundat where it hurt — it mix record in haiti  polit
obama condemn north korean nuclear test as 'grave threat to region security' 
black peopl catch hell for iowa cops' murder — by a white man  blacklivesmatt
becaus of the risk involv in indulg in unrestrain desir and greed we need to cultiv content and simplicity.
"trump' first task as potu will be to 'jump start the american economy.""maga "
"""i’m not run to be presid of the world. i’m run to be presid of the unit states."" ~ donald trump "
gopdeb gop know how to solv usa problem vegasgopdeb
hillari clinton had seizur today. either she' die or she physic can't honor american live neverforget 
"those doomsday post are just make unstabl peopl even more unstableplease, stoptrump doesn't have as much power as they make it seem"
reagan daughter blast trump for incit violenc 
they should stop cri wolv 
Is is just me or doe hillari look like angela merkel today? she will do to US what merkel ha done to germany. imnotwithh
thursday: michel obama in phx for clinton 
all financi activ of clinton is question whyimnotvotingforhillari  hillarynothnx
can't wait to vote today trump2k16 trumpforpresid
I would rather think of word that rhyme with purpl then watch anymor of rncincl
"rulesforeverydayliv noth is mission-critical, until it is. tools, medic supplies, some emerg cash stow somewher is good."
explain it all 
trump campaign haul $80 million in juli  money
"donald trump say “inner-city” crime is near “record levels"" .... cut the BS nevertrumporhillari fucktrump "
thingsnottaughtatschool your life isn't all about social media and you don't have to check your FB account everi minut
crystal senter-brown is creat her book to chang the way black kid perceiv themselves. 
"otherthingstodoin6second ask ""how i did that in 6 second ?"""
nocybercensorship I will post whatev the fli fuck I want. I do not wanna chat with your ugli (probabl obese) ass
hillari clinton halloween display draw fire  news
big hand and a wife that want to live in the same house.  overheardatthewishingwel
i'm not afraid of death
she is mental ill 
tvlifelessonsilearn  killer never dig deep graves.
verizon custom servic   lostin3word  vzwsupport
trump In mexico: what He Is go To talk about? trumpsmexicotripsay 
who even watch the demdebate? it’ realli bore demdebatemiami
the oscarssowhit hashtag is absolut ridiculous. An oscarsoblack hashtag would caus riot in the street oscarhasnocolor
"we'r just hangin' around, burnin' it down. jasonaldean"
strength is when you have so much to cri for but you prefer to smile instead.
the boy is 100% damn right! 😆2atrump2016 
"teenag mutant ninja turtl (minu the ""mutant"" ""ninja"" and the ""turtles"") stonedcomicbook midnight"

and forget about everyth they said befor and start riot if they don't like the elect outcomeliberallog 
merkel hat kein angst vor problem merkelmussbleiben
gettin' jehovah you makemusicreligi
iamthankfulfor thread
rejecteddebatetop cooki recip
the parti start right now! 
lordmonett that' the msm bullshit
i'd like to chang my hairstyl 
calderwa I don't know what trigger you wors - a nazi joke or a joke about not have a job sinc you'r a socialist
jandhob good for you
I don't think he' realli good at it now.. 
dnc live: clinton say no one person can fix everyth  polit
MT 911usa1: obama - good is evil and evil good! wildbillusa tcot teaparti  wakeupamerica pjnet
donald trump blast NY time after stori about 'sputtering' campaign  polit
clinton pretend to be a leader but know so littl about it hillarynothnx
If islam is religionofpeac then explain thi one 
"brussel ""mayb some terrorist are in the refuge group. but not all refuge are terrorists"" but some is enough islamkil"
islamkil whi are refuge entitl to place to live in europ when they left behind their own live in the middl east?
ificouldchangehistori slaveri would'v never existed.rac would'v never existed.black peopl would be valued… 
solidgoldman richmovi midnight
my2017resolut final stop give fuck 
No one hate like an american liber demsinphillyleak email reveal the real bigot are in the democrat parti
nextfaketrumpvictim nice strawman. still not what i'm saying. tri again 
polit live updat from the republican nation convent in cleveland
one of the reason we'r see so mani attack here in US is that we'v been import wholesal ten of thousand of people…
small dog besid corgi mustbeban
islamkil  brussel
who' next? 
trump stop a bat-wield muggertrumpsuperpowerstrump2016 
extrem careless is not a presidenti virtue.hillaryforprison neverhillari notwithh 
I love dog but I hate what come out of them ilove__butihate__
what with hillary' feet? definit not normal! 
clinton write open letter to well fargo custom  polit
littl deadmau5 On the prari addabandtoatvshow
 just found the video)))
give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
'mother of the movement' to make case for hillari clinton  polit
"""just smile!"" oscarformuhammad oscarnom"
andthenishouldhavesaid We are take over the world.
I need a medic intervent to becom at last a littl bit not so ugly!
merkel nimmt die fragen und anliegen der menschen ernst merkelmussbleiben
the minut you stop make mistak is the minut you stop learning.
want to play guitar and be as cool as jimihendrix
"trump: ""in thi race for the white house, I am the law and order candidate."" true! 👏👏👏rncincl gopconvent"
hillaryforprison  unforgiven  trumpforpresid
.govmikehuckabee: 'everyth hillari clinton say about her email is factual untrue. A lie!'deb
thnx for the cupcak parti 😊 thi will make me recov much faster 😉
tylermoland knowladgeispwr I didn't know you read mind
the whole point of be aliv is to evolv into the complet person you were intend to be.
"it' not just islam, it' moder islam! "
tofeelbetteri I drink... then I drink too much... and then I don't feel better..
foxnew mustbeban
beatl or stones?  rejecteddebatetop
No doubt 
makemusicreligi live after midnight mass
My favourit aerosmith live show!!! 
trump to go away whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"langesholz rbbinforadio alex_11org scorchbonnet digig da sind wort der leute, die an den folgen ein anschlag nicht sterben wollen"
sport buc sweep brewer
"hungari lock down border, threaten refuge with deport"
mybedroomin3word thi on wall. 
huma email released!  thank you wikileak  neverhilari imnotwithh hillarysamerica dncleak   
these brat don't repres american people. when their parent find out about thi they all are gonna get grounded… 
our hashtag game is about to begin
"clinton, trump tie ahead of gop convention: poll  polit"
realdonaldtrump vote 
russia' rule parti win 46 pct in election: preliminari talli  news
"2016in4word more police, less latino "
Do you hate people?i don't hate them...i just feel better when they'r not around.
I can pharise clearli now the rain ha gone  makemusicreligi
.politicsghost capitalistarmi innercircl podestaemail spiritcook dncleak2 c421 decision2016 maga http… trumpforpresid
donald trump: 'an attack on our polic Is an attack on all of us' bluelivesmatt vote trump 
robert byrd recruit member to kkk.dem lib are now the one tri to rais the tension between race today. 
ffrnn classroom pjnet  guest lectur georgecarlin - who realli control america viral 
but hillari said human fetus do not have constitut rights..deb debatenight
crown jewel of the nile richmovi
whi are they in bikini?? 
"donald trump: ""china Is go To start play By our rules"" "
"goodbye, corrupt establishment! maga electionnight"
"how do you do, fellow kids? "
fact-check donald trump' immigr speech 
"whi the hell it' fine for mexico to have a wall on their southern border, but for US have a wall is racist?👇 "
ihavearighttoknow who let the dog out
ireallylikeyoubut you way too much for me
"stellt ihr euch petri al kanzlerin vor? afd ich auch nicht, merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
wsjthinktank bye obama 
whi do anti-abort leader support trump? hi run mate 
the thing is if obama care realli work whi would they do that? they'd just bring facts. podestaemails17 
otherthingstodoin6second rip a nice hit off a bong
slaveryofspeech we know how mass media work and we will never forget it
betteralternativetodeb wwenomercy16 electrifi perfom
"clinton, trump set for last debat as ugli race near finish "
sometimesitsokto be fuck 
imnotwithh becaus benghazi - don't believ me? believ one of the survivors. krisparonto 
I will keep on say thatdumb liberals' doubl standard 
momin5word  I miss you SO much!!????????????????❤❤❤❤
today' the big day!!! trump2016 maga hillary4prison trumpforpresid
metro council vote to remov brpd resid requir fr...  |  
билл клинтон раскритиковал реформу здравоохранения обамы 
"sinc 1950, 99% of mass public shoot occur in gun-fre zones!liberallog "
"i'm just playin' in the sand, life is a beach"
clinton’ latest anti-trump ad show how trump ha invit whitesupremaci to run hi campaign 
sie schafft un neue perspektiven merkelmussbleiben
"RT josephjett ""until black on black crime result in cri of outrag we do but turn truth merrili on it head.  make blacklivesmatter"""
yoda oneletteroffsport midnight
ryzonetv oh really?
todolistbeforechristma make america great again! 
wearhoodiefortrayvon rest in power littl brother wearealltrayvon
alfredolango wa mental illhow do you know that he wasn't go to kill the polic officer?hi skin color does… 
polic break window at trump tower . trump vow to make mexico pay for the new vents/windows. realdonaldtrump 
"bill o’reilly: slave who built the white hous were ‘well fed,’ had govern lodging. "
thi progressiv you won't see on cnn. A man is beaten up for vote for donald trump: 
"rosepurpleze Oh yeah, it' about time!"
"letters: donald trump ha onli ego, not knowledg  |  "
"obama pitch iran deal to vets, daili show' stewart  world news"
A lie told often enough becom truth.
deep faith elimin fear.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari the brown not go to the super bowl
mad men 
berni is readi to invit as mani refuge as it would be suffici to make him the presid demdebatemiami
utah republican becom hillari clinton’ latest congress...  news |  
obama say dnc hack would not alter relat with russia  news
"read? you mean, like  books? no, i'm on tumblr and stuff...liberallog "
realdonaldtrump make america great again! 2016in4word
"demndeb person attacks, strong languag and few young peopl demdeb"
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""if I were trump - I would pay more tax than I owe, just for fun"" saidnooneev wikileaks10"
whi tri and be fake when be real take less effort?
clinton’ lead over trump in pennsylvania narrows: f&amp;m poll  polit
It realli doe sadden me to think about thi crazi world we live in ... prayforsanbernadino  prayers4california
"So is it colin powell' fault? If he said her to kill herself, would she? "
A gentleman know when he’ been...
"I just keep look at the tractors, why? "
nepaba500 2nd amend is grant us by god and constitution!
msm won't show you a hispan who support trump! So we do!maga 
nih don’t buy in walmart usda kochfarm 
cynic is what pass for insight when courag is lack  – anita roddick
the media &amp; celeb push hillari clinton for president..but regular peopl are not buy thi lie ani more!! 
andthenishouldhavesaid nothing. instead of everything.
hero! 
that’ not your day  he he
topnew obama shorten prison sentenc for 98 convict: white hous
sheriff clark request mobil of nation guardmilwauke 
peopl come in and out of your life. onli the real one stay.
topnew wife of nation guardsman sentenc in case link to 're-homing'
thi dog know something! 
MT trophywifeshus: guncontrol with the duke.  2A nra pjnet
polit fact check: dnc day 2
come with need to munch on someth
4wordgreatidea cardboard italian sport car 
multipl arrest at blacklivesmatt ralli outsid nyc mayor de blasio' home [video]  
confeder flag of our father redneckamovi midnight
"topnew u.s., venezuelan offici meet in haiti, continu quiet diplomaci "
trumpbecaus rule are meant to be broken
150 year differ between: css albemarle(1863) and uss zumwalt(2013) 
On wednesday we wear...noth meangirlsrul
"RT In the end, it’ not go to matter how mani breath you took, but how mani moment took your breath... away... ad"
secur ramp up in philli ahead of dem convent  news |  
"more common sens from good people.dr. ben carson: we, the american people, are not each other' enemies.. "
"trump would turn away syrian refuge in us, penc say "
"hey, goonies! you down there?overheardatthewishingwel"
imtoooldfor explain myself to everi offend idiot
obama tri to hug castroth most awkward imag on the internet thi week 
"A smart person will give you smart answers, but a wise person will ask you smart questions. ihq"
"A trump elect could harm l.a.' olymp bid, mayor garcetti say  polit"
democrat parti spit in the face of berni support so now they'r vote for trump! debatenight debates… 
"sie wird es so schaffen, dass deutsch immer unser amtssprach bleibt! merkelmussbleiben"
rip you have my love san bernadino  prayers4california
everyon knew the veto wasnt go 2B overidden so whi did ryan orchestr the vote? ryanisaliar! tgdn ccot 
imvotingbecaus the men who die in benghazi can't....  benghazi neverhillari  trumppence16 trumpforpresid
mustbeban trump trolls!!!
"2017: muslim kill muslim in quebec city, canada "
ihatepokemongobecaus you can’t eat them all… 
"ap: As clinton ask for money, what she say remain mysteri "
the union of the word and mind produc that mysteri which ⁰i call life. -joseph addison
"A girlfriend job is to keep her boyfriend on track, hold him down, and have hi back through good time and bad times."
"A hero is no braver than an ordinari man, but he is brave five minut longer.  – ralph waldo emerson"
"If you'r lucki enough to be differ from everyon else, don't change.  – taylor swift"
"oh, yeah? well, I think you shouldn't tell us how to treat immigr in our own country! tcot "
mash of ped olympictv midnight
where is my damn phone? ihavearighttoknow
.realdonaldtrump we'r tire of democraps! trumpforpresid
donald trump engag peopl on social media like No other presidenti candid in histori 
"want to increas your odd of die from terrorism...vot hillary!""ahmad khan rahami"" "
"""I will not rest until children of everi color are fulli includ in the american dream."" - donald trump "
obama said in a statement: “I am pleas to nomin mr. qureshi to serv on the unit state district court bench 
"design of ivanka trump' fashion line don't get paid parent leave, report say  break"
let' be clear.. ahmad khan rahami wa faith muslimh follow islam to the letter!listen to muslim woman teach… 
nobodi is a better presid than obama (have no one would be better) tcot tgdn pjnet 2A ccot rnr 
gari johnson at pre-deb 
it' big dickflick midnight
tvlifelessonsilearn  none.
hillari clinton' new problem  money
ich bin begeistert! merkel hat es wieder einmal geschafft! cdu ist die besser lösung 🤗deutschland
drain the swamp 2016electionin3word
the fool over the hill retireasongorband
hillaryclintonsearchterm awkward pantsuit 
the view on our elect from other countries:trumpafact 
На месте гражданина сша за кого бы вы отдали голос на выборах президента сша?election2016electiondayuselection2016
perhap it is our imperfect that make us so perfect for one anoth
".newtgingrich: ""I think you can call hillari clinton secretari of unemployment.""deb debatenight "
mkkk92 i hate when it happens!
wear red tomorrow  voter  maga  trumptrain  trumpforpresid
... 
my2017resolut not to screw it up like I did in 2016
🚨nypd releas pic of meat cleaver held by suspectkoran: prepar against infidel whatev weaponri you can master 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""good job!""  ""thank you for work on (insert holiday here) so the rest of us can shop."" ""you are appreci"
(donald)son of anarchi athleticstvshow
"christie’ town-hal revival, thi time with trump in background  polit"
you want to make the democrat mad?! show them thi picture! 
My heart ach  prayers4california
my4wordnewyearsresolut tri not to worri
"come on trump, put hilari in her place hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid "
2017survivaltip buy a dog
trumpbecaus the success entrepreneur’ uniqu abil to turn tri time into triumph 🙈🙉🙊
"26,74 sekunden: st. martin und hinterschiffl laufen unvorstellbar zeiten "
rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see hillary' medic records! RT if you are one of them!hillaryshealth 
thug life😂 lmfao!! 
teapartynew theteapartypoliticsconservativeusaamerica 
press harri truman wa a realli strong leader we need right now happybirthdayharrytruman
that rose to butler alley oop 
shocking: leak photo of hillari clinton without makeupmstrumpr 
für unser jugend gibt es heut ausreichend ausbildungsplätz merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
"""I may not be polit correct..i am patriot correct"" ~ donald trump "
hillari clinton forc defend foundation: ‘there’ a lot of smoke and there’ no fire’  polit
how can hillari clinton overcom the neg attach to her?  polit
the 2016 race: A favor poll for donald trump seem to h...  |  
the trump street sign In chicago ha disappeared; don’t blame emanuel 
via dcclothesline: zika hoax: five thing that will happen next  tcot
secondhandgift  A littl appreci 
thegophasbecom the onli parti that will protect our countri from islam invasion! 
"посмотрите на эти светлые, интеллигентные, улыбающиеся лица сторонников клинтон.которые сжигают флаг родной страны… "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  the red octob are come out save your money and. check  everi second
memoir of a heater makeabookwarm
email show clinton foundat sought access to state dept on donors’ behalf hillarysemail  
austria delay presidenti elect re-run after postal ballot snag  news
"meet kizito wademi, a legal immigr from kenya. thi gentleman made more sens in 1 min than I have heard in mont… "
texa congressman gohmert say hillari clinton 'mental impair...  |  
trump apolog for hi words!hillari never apolog for threaten victim of bill' rape &amp; assault! debat
breakingnew politico: ted cruz expect to endors donald trump 
.realdonaldtrump the perfect balanc for our unbalanc world!  trumppence16 women4trump vets4trump imwithy htt… trumpforpresid
russian ambassador to turkey wa kill by a muslim terrorist chant allahu akbarand you want to let those peopl… 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
break essenti california: how an l.a. design set the scene for the dnc 
hillari clinton first action if she becom president.w won't let it happen! votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
never forgiv hillari clinton for benghazi ! she will be put into cell 
ccot act now to stop the internet sale tax!  pjnet student colleg
2017survivaltip protest everyth you don’t like
"video: trump tri to right hi campaign, talk of tax cut "
"islamkil whi can't we stop terrorism? lack of special services, police? stopislam"
sometimesitsokto skip your gym appoint
"the ""onli job My women' studi degre could get Me wa As A profession protestor"" march.  renamemillionwomenmarch docthompsonshow"
He who break a thing to find out what it is ha left the path of wisdom.
"thank you, black patriots, for vote donald trump!electionday ivot "
otherthingstodoin6second see someth shini and lose focu 
"don't cri becaus it over, smile becaus it happen drsuess"
AP interview: kain alreadi reach out to gop 
batman and what hi face stonedcomicbook
"clinton' top aide: due to the use of a privat email, hillari ""wasn't abl to do her job."" "
the effect of hillarysemail? 
thingspeopleontwitterlik eat food and drink water to sustain life
"you know thing are bad when you say ""oh good, a botch robberi shooting, not a terrorist shooting."" gardencityshoot"
"""'black live matter' is a polit construct, a hate destruct ideology. it' never been about black life."" "
what do you think  demsinphl are go to say about franceattack?
"""happi and healthi anni"
thi is get serious. thi call for seriou action!sign thi petit now! 
"the princess sighed"""
i'm gonna git you sake japanamovi midnight
ihaveadreamthat racist of all kind and color will fuck off out of my countri
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari donald trump therapist
thingsyoucantignor my italian neighbor at christma time  worldofhashtag 
We do need gun and we have a right to self-defens provid by the constitution! neverhillari 
breaking: 30 email relat to benghazi attack found dure fbi probe of clinton server!hillarysemail 
"I give you all a boy could give you, take my tear and that' not nearli all"
"the black commun wa veri loyal to the dems, but the dem let them down.. womenwhovotetrump "
clinton campaign push back on theori about the candidate’ health  polit
otherthingstodoin6second your laundry. *appli onli to nudists.
"video show ami schumer bash trump, fan leav show "
world leader will use g20 to whine about donaldtrump instead of fix economi  
stopobama. We don't want ani syrian refugees. look what they'v done in europe. now pari islamkil
"the liar, the bitch in wardrobe.  californiamovi midnight"
foke hillari clinton ha bacteri pneumonia campaign say  foke
whi is the issu of marijuana usag more import than job performance? junkieu
toavoidworki 'm watch damn youtob video
if ppl had a gun they will never be victims. prayers4california thi is not about gun control. thi is religion of peace!
"💥flashback: bill clinton call obamacar ""the craziest healthcar system in the world"". "
messenger: follow the money to understand hubbard-elect disput  polit
"US gen. danford, cjcs: ""right now… for us to control all of the airspac in syria would requir us to go to war a… "
gop convent roundup day 1: gloom and doom  |  
blacklivesmatt terrorist continu to post about kill nation guard! milwauke 
i'm have problem deal with wealth
jack beacher.  summeramovi midnight
somedayidliketose St andrew'
the list of anti-clinton activist murder through 1987 - 2016 period. wakeupamerica 
polit 'thi Is the job': great balloon pop follow dnc
"democrat are untrustworthy, they will do everyth to push their narrative. wakeupamerica dncleak "
the world is so fast that there are day when the person who say it can't be done is interrupt by the person who is do it. – unknown
"""the onli thing that can stop thi corrupt machin is you. the onli forc strong enough to save thi countri is us.… "
thi ha gone too far &amp; against all rules. never ha a US presid done thi before. elections2016… 
.piersmorgan: “i'm appal by the behavior of so mani liber right now. it' so alien to the concept of be a… 
hillari is a great job maker! just ask militari industri complex! 
the florida mosqu where puls shooter attend wa set on fire on the muslim holiday of eid al-adha. 
christmasaftermath no money but still a lot of food 
truth votetrump corrupthillari maga trumpforpresid
trump won't like the kind of histori he made after republican convent
clinton face race’ final day with tower cash advantag  polit
g20-gegner wollen „chao und eskalation“ während de gipfel provozieren.  linksextremismu
demdeb and liber don't see thi as a problem?  demdebatemiami
breaking: random shoot occur At A ________
maketvsexi Dr philatio
.realdonaldtrump bless
niedersachsen verbietet vollverschleierung an schulen
chefshwasti wrong on so mani level 😁😂
shimku defend nato as the trump recoil continu for republican  stloui
mexico angri at president' 'humiliating' meet with trump 
worstpaineverin3word donald john trump
"when you'r all alone, by yourself, do you like you?"
"skynew obama is too weak to face putin in person, that' whi he' send kerri sochitalk"
"MT markalmost: washington didn't use free speech, he use guns. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet"
demdeb as usual - without logic and common sens demdebatemiami 
the diff'rent stroke addabandtoatvshow
gop' $2m TV ad buy in illinoi legisl race most in US 
maketvshowsaustralian paul hogan' hero
cute girl hairstyl 
jess know that black women are the best! magicbutr 😍😍😍 
ruinadinnerinonephras I have an excus for be late: explos diarrhea
I believ that owe our vet everyth and there is no place in the WH for a person who care about illeg only! 
I hate the oscarssowhit bullshit oscarhasnocolor
1st nobama put vet on nat'l secur watchlist now secondamend right taken w/o due process. connect the dots! pjnet tcot sot
philippin scrambl to sooth tension after obama slur  world news
flea pleas Me by the beagl dogsong midnight
fuck dynasti maketvsexi
the latest: romney meet with trump; both say it went well  
hillaryforprison2016  electionday trumpforpresid
trump campaign rais nearli $80 million in juli  news |  
video : rudi giuliani “polic and fbi know clinton IS corrupt”  
"let' be honest here, if you were a hous nigger thing weren't that bad, i'd say great. So stop say it wa bad for all blacklivesmatt"
latest poll results.hop texa goe red.electionnight electionday ivot 
reallifemagicspel 'let' order pizza' - use when you need a deliveri guy to be gone miss for the next three hour
breaking:trump can’t stop smile after hearing what just happen In florida!  
A daili remind we'll gotta protect our freedom from fed predators. we'r a threat to lefti and they won't let us… 
sextingwentwrongwhen you found out is wa your 70yo neighbour
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"obama honor mel brooks, audra mcdonald, more at nation medal of art ceremoni  polit"
clinton is readi to go over the head of even her alli to gain what she want hillarynothnx
messupaquot  got milf?
"If everyon demand peac instead of anoth televis set, then there'd be peace."
卐卐 nazi ebay item w/swastika! visit store:  teaparti gop rnc republican libertarian oil isil ccot war
"new your daili 6: deadli day at theme park, cop' murder trial and obama read mean tweet "
thetroublewithaddict is that drug are pretti much awesome.
secondhandgift box set of nicola cage' movi
reid hoffman: trump doesn't have a polici plan  polit
"twitter, ‘lies’ and videotape: trump shame beauti queen  news"
berni is good at promis a great load of free stuff but not a word about who’ go to pay for it demdeb demdebatemiami
amen 
josh earnest (presssec) say 'china.. oops.. I mean the russian did it!'😂
liberalprivileg when you claim to be a champion for women' right while intimid bill clinton' rape victims… 
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
AP fact check: clinton’ select histori on trade  news
hmm RT nomysahir: man Of steel magnolia addamovieruinamovi midnight
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r vegan..  what do you mean you don't eat cheese?!
milwaukeevoic and some oxygen with carbon to make strong your bone
podestaemails6 wearethemedia6th bacth of podesta email is released. the msm is like: 
i'm talk to the nun in the mirror makemusicreligi
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
No one know what` happening! and it frighten the most! nobodi know how to treat it phosphorusdisast
I am a big train fan but I would pass on do thi for mani reason 
never travel faster than your guardian angel can fly.  – mother teresa
sock with sandal - not     4wordgreatidea
relat to the previou tweet 
brussel islamkil how come obama alway push for thing that will hurt america?
poll close at 8. Be sure america hear you votetrumppence. maga draintheswamp trumpforpresid
"tvlifelessonsilearn if u live in ur car and u have liquor on u, it isnt consid open liquor bc ur car is ur home. trailerparkboys."
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm shut the fuck up and get over it, it' not go to matter in the long run, so stop be a pussy…"
when obama forc me to buy health care where there ani riot in the street?🤔🤔thursdaythought 
gunsens gunlaw SF requir safer storag of firearm left in vehicles: san francisco adde...  uniteblu tcot
it' the respect the owner show you that realli make it worth work here. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
fact check: look at trump' terror speech  polit
thi is how militari industri complex works. 
"So earli in my life, I had learn that if you want something, you had better make some noise.  – malcolm X"
"bishop wayn T. jackson on whi he invit donald trump to visit detroit: ""god told me to do it."" trumpindetroit "
iamwalt doe ani live matter for polic offic except for their own?
ahaha real spi 
"former navi offic peggi hubbard endors trump!""someth need to chang and that' whi i'm vote trump! i'm… "
jeffreykahuna onli a blind and dumb fool would vote for thi maggot lie clinton.
"As you know now, rush limbaugh is the new face of the republican party, but they'll probabl go with a differ bodi vegasgopdeb"
trumpbecaus If you love america and believ in the american dream. noon will repres you better than realdonaldtrump 🙊
wast money littleknownholidaytradit 
"brussel UN and islamist group decid which 15,000 syrian refuge come to the u.s. islamkil"
reallifemagicspel contouringu - make your face look like kim k'
"prison is liber paradise: free food, healthcar and onli the polic have guns! they can even elect hillari there! "
live like it' heaven on earth
crowd chant 'lock her up!' live on cnn dure panel discuss as trump plane land in vega for debatenight… 
friday the 13th go On 30 addamovieruinamovi midnight
thanksobama our econom is destroy
pleas share!!mak sure to go votetrumpw cannot elect a corrupt &amp; dishonest hillari clinton! 
I am sure there would be much more corpor logos. 
reasonstoprotest when you just feel like smash some glass door
angela merkel würdigt die leistungen der deutschen brauwirtschaft merkelmussbleiben
"first pic is ""poverti africa"" search result, second one is ""poverti america"". see the difference? povertysummit http://t.…"
fun fact 4928more women fli f-16’ in israel than drive car in saudi arabia. 
"obama hope on spending, zika fund after meet congress leader  health"
jlsell24 grooossss 😁
thi is not about democrat vs republicans. thi elect is about the statu quo-polit class VS We the people… 
"donald trump: ""I pay tax and I pay feder tax, too, but I have a writeoff."" debat"
midnight dogsong i..ammmzzz aaay!!!!!
"let yourself be happy, becaus you deserv it."
myfarewellwordswouldb knock-knock
"live with fulfillment, serv with passion so in thi lifetim you will have the ablil to die with no regrets.  – randi gonzal"
wall street veteran parad past trump for talk about treasuri  
meangirlsrul taco are better than men
If revers racism doesn't exist then how do you call that? bluelivesmatt 
"сегодня ежеминутно выходит 27,000 твитов на тему выборов сшаelectionday "
andthenishouldhavesaid: pleas stop bother me.
"claylepard hey, clay! our commun is hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in coveri… "
spin through time tbt from st. moritz 1928 to sochi 2014 
obama to meet with turkey' erdogan in china on septemb 4  news
"happi groundhogday! hope, you don't feel like it' alway one and the same day 😉 "
"hillari desper attempt to shift attent away from herself:hoax ""vote trump"" black church burning. "
rob portman highlight work with presid obama in latest ad  polit
email sent to ashley madison founder leak online: report
obama sound like that one uncl everybodi love at/invit to famili gather 
"igetdepressedwhen it doesn't put the lotion on the skin, so I give it the hose. "
the after-intercours selfi is a new steami trend!
"I assum the first pictur is racist. the other two are to glorifi diversity, right? liberallog "
Oh shit. ava duvernay' documentari '13th' show what trump truli meant by “make america great again”   via youtub
I don't ask for much. just be honest with me happyindependenceday
betteralternativetodeb   attic sex special between 3 pigeon
"constitut - articl 1, section 9: No titl of nobil shall be grant by the state united. tcot repmikerog"
I think that beingblacki a privileg
softenabadguy darth sensuou midnight 
trump aid covertli fought free of ukrain prison  news
I wish I wa at the wheel! 
merkel widersteht dem internationalen terrorismu merkelmussbleiben
don't tell anyon 
"muslim have donat over $250mil to hillary' campaign! Of course, she won't blame radic islam! "
worstwaystoapolog make them choke on your apology!
mccain: 'I don't know' if trump will be better for suprem court than clinton 
flawless!
your brain on socialism. No one is tell muslim are not welcome. We want secur borders. Is that too much? there… 
rejecteddebatetop if pastor in littl mermaid had an erect 
"A tale of polit gridlock: gop, dem explain how zika deal fell apart dure summer  polit"
redneckamovi midnight harri potter and the half-blood inbr princ
"life is truli known onli to those who suffer, lose, endur adversity, and stumbl from defeat to defeat.  – anaï nin"
hillari stole million of dollar meant to rebuild haiti..no msm outrage.clintoncrimefound 
hillari clinton respond to donald trump' critic of khizr and ghazala khan: polit extra: trump say he is...  cleveland polit
ideal increas in direct proport to one' distanc from the problem.
winterizedfilmsoractor all about christma eve
ifmydadwaspresid we would be in deep shit 
"find someon who can chang your life, not just your relationship status. iamonfir"
cheddar chees so squizzy!
"khaas2306 für ""sozial gerechtigkeit"" muss man die spd wählen und beginnt da geld an den bäumen anzubauen😅"
mayb our favorit quotat say more about us than about the stori and peopl we'r quot
👫 trump 
welt Da sollt sich mal unser bundesregierung dran ausrichten!ab der wind scheint sich zu drehen..
the who are you again? drunkband midnight
"oops, that wa a lesbian coupl sippin cocktail"
"A mother is a person who see there are onli 4 piec of pie for 5 people, announc she never did care for pie.  – tenneva jordan"
tennesse leader want secur specif from trump  | 
I need a new 👗 and 👠 to make my mental condit better
breakingu.s. legal document prove hillari clinton’ aliciamachado Is mexican drug kingpin’ anchor babi mama 
work class must act against hillari clinton! We work for america not for rich and corrupt! indicthillari 
don't re-open old wound in order to examin their origins. leav them healed.
hillari clinton to join jay Z on friday in cleveland at wolstein center concert  polit
joepropsnyc caus they'r trick into believ everi lie the msm pour on them and reject the truth that come out anyway
"mayor rudi giuliani: ""there' no question ani more as to whether or not hillari clinton, huma abedin, john podesta… "
"breaking🚨 nsa ha clinton' delet emails, whistleblow claim "
midnight accord to gym...nast olympictv
andthenishouldhavesaid I love you but as a friend
"itsok2begay We seem to have forgotten that judaism, islam, and hinduism are against homosexu redefin marriag"
"""with respect to libya we did not lose a singl american in that action"" "
"""trump just went to a black church in detroit and spoke about help the black community.  what doe it mean?""media: ""he' a racist!"""
come to usa soon! We need a strong warrior potu to stop the muslim mad befor it kill us!nicefrancenic 
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
now I can smoke weed wooohooo 🤘🏾🌴 potuslasttweet
"please, don't do it, mr. trump 😂😭nevertrump "
what if the theacademi hold white oscar and non-whit oscar year after year altern oscarhasnocolor
german govern believ trump would ravag u.s. economy: spiegel  world news
"complete. global. saturation. """
both are so damn sexi and hot 
just have comedian  jimshort say their name maketvshowsaustralian
video: dad of kayla mueller talk at trump ralli 
scene from the gop convent in cleveland  polit
"rollercast eye for an eye won't work, I know."
"oh, good old swing state "
"merkel und g20ham17: gipfelshow mit risiken. ""angela merkel al weltkanzlerin"" - gute idee! 😉"
"gameshowhostpickuplin   ""guess what' behind curtain number one and i'll show you what' in the box...."""
florida lead trump' four state focus: pimco' cantril  polit
highschooltaughtm thi is real music  
obamalegaci 8 year of unconstitut execut order 
you may think the grass is greener on the other side. but if you take the time to water your own grass it would be just as green.
reallifemagicspel close the door to the bedroom to summon your pet cat
looooool 
"A veteran, democrat in florida, react to latest on clinton' scandals: 'i'm cross parti lines'fbi director co… "
live the moment for the moment – michael jordan
donald trump lead hillaryclinton 49% to 48%america know about hillaryshealth 
"itsok2begay the problem isn't about gay people, the problem is about the attitud toward gay peopl"
teapartynew 2a guncontrol gunsens secondammend 
"No matter what happens, just remember, life goe on."
"elect 2016 turn ohio upsid down: hillari clinton goe for republican votes, donald trump tries...  polit"
"винтажная реклама игры ""trump game"". make videogam great again! "
weigh us down in shame true love
"salon it' not give voic to a sexual perversion, so they can excus it call it an orient wakeupamerica "
topvideo it' official: trump is republican nomine 
"""hillari clinton is the most dishonest candid for potu sinc richard nixon.” ~ mike_p "
toavoidworki  appli for 99 job
pro-clinton super pac' anti-trump strategy: 'the danger lane and the jerk lane': the head of one of the l... 
"addcartoonstohistori midnight"""
"🚨bombshel video of voter fraud:'w manipul the vote w/ money and action, not w/ laws.' spread!… "
trumppence16 fbireopenscas imvotingbecaus trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 hillarysemail  trumpforpresid
"frustrat abundant, gop could be near break point trump "
dark skin is not a crime.blacktol thursdaythought 
michael brown' mother to address democrat nation convent tonight  polit
libtard snowflak are constantli protest becaus otherwis they'd have to go to work and that' what realli ter… 
clever_dov ewww
obama ha done absolut noth the past 8 year except divid our countri thanksobama
igetdepressedwhen lie r believ b4 the truth ever becom relevant.
donald trump campaign plan pair of sept. 8 cleveland fundrais  polit
My mother the carp  fishtv midnight
more differ in gopdeb candid than demdeb with a rich old white man
clinton: trump’ ‘casual incit of violence’ is anoth reason republican should support her  polit
mondaymotiv mastermind quot  gameshowhostpickuplin 'are you vegan? So am i!' hookem londonsburn ? the world is burning!
"walk to it, do it how you do it"
"Go to pet store, pickup dozen mice. when polit war start secret releas the mice. gamechang survivalguidetothanksgiv"
trump pledg to be better man after tape surfac of lewd comment 
"yall check my buddi out, dude' got talent"
imalwaysforget that i'm marri
"while khan talk peace, trump tweet against him  polit |  "
ted cruz is a liar machiavellian person. bc2dc16 tcot ccot 
reasonstogetdivorc she doesn't like taco bell tacobel
da bedeutet die türkei-kris für deutsch urlauber. ohn erdogan war sie kein schlechter urlaubsort!reisewarnung 
"We shall tax and tax, and spend and spend, and elect and elect."
thetroublewithaddict u jst don't wanna stop irrespect of the danger of continu
hillaryclinton WE want trump!
hillari clinton facilit illeg sale Of weapon to isi while secretari of state. 
A must for anyon who believ in freespeech. RT  securefreedom tcot counterjihad 
piercebrown redrising: love and war... book bookquot quot quot lovequot
hillari lie all the time! she is not trustworthy! neverhillari 
A bigger benghazi cover-up say sever Sr gen  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
use gravi as lube survivalguidetothanksgiv 
meanwhil it' 13 day until obama leav offic fridayfeel 
rip i'm so sick of thi world😶  prayers4california
"In VP debate, penc get task with clean up for trump "
new US hawaii clear way for rais legal smoke age (cb news) 
"good thing come to those who believe, better thing come to those who work hard, and the best thing come to those who never give up."
d.l. hughley I share your feel about what' go on altonsterl philandocastil blackskinisnotacrim
I am a republican   offendeveryonein4word
the rich will never allow u to vote their wealth away.. 
... 
islamkil becaus white peopl deserv a homeland free from forc divers brussel
what could go wrong?  'jihad 1' person licens plate allow in missouri religionofpeac 
penc dismiss charg that putin manipul trump  polit
donald trump jr.' speechwrit defend recycl line for rnc  polit
not sure anyon want to do it 😅nevertrumpgrabthembythepussi 
"one direct producer: hiatu wasnt decid just yesterday, impact ..."
mustbeban muslim from amercia
realdlhughley a lesson in 30 second for fiddler iamsteveharvey 
free men Do not ask permiss 2A nra gunsens pjnet tcot tgdn ccot rednationris teaparti
trump domin worldwid usa presidenti prefer poll with over 95% of countri choos trump. btw saudi a… 
"these women were acid attack by ""peac muslims"".. where is hillari to defend their rights? "
"life doesn't have ani hands, but it can sure give you a slap sometim"
how do we begin to heal after clinton vs. trump?  polit
todolistbeforechristma To becom famou
perform karaok at the offic picnic howtoloseyourjob 
what' My name ha 25million view in just 1.5 weeks!!
patriot guid to twitter here  tcot pjnet ccot
realdonaldtrump moron pickateam son 
and thi is what we have to look forward to in edm... 
a.m. tour and reunion whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
ilove__butihate__  kattfunni in that vein: watch porn  everyon one scream at me in church
"epic: black trump support corner report &amp; chant “hillari clinton is racist!""(via wdfx2eu7) "
A friend is someon who know all about you and still love you
rip stop the defenc weapon ban   prayers4california
i'm an inner child *) 
i'm tri to be nice. | watch raven wired:  
venezuelan govern slam as racist u.s. campaign ad link trump to chavez  world news
total unnerv with thi water contamination!!!!  phosphorusdisast
how could they not know that a terror attack wa prepared? islamkil stopislam
MT karrattipaul: thi standard made america great!!! rais the standard christians! ccot  renewu pjnet
"bless is the man who, have noth to say, abstain from give us wordi evid of the fact.  – georg eliot"
rand paul can becom great presid vegasgopdeb 
I have a dream that you all use the ihaveadreamthat hashtag
"trump, clinton take leav from the fundrais circuit "
realdonaldtrump hold a massiv rallies!keep rting b/c the media will never report on this! christichat 
the journey of a thousand mile begin with a singl step
"hillaryclinton wasn’t answer the question on her own, she wa read the prepar answers. "
"If you don't take responsibility,than respons take you"
"china, US join climat deal; obama hail work to save planet  |  "
guess the number of jellybean it take to fill the void in my heart   betteralternativetodeb
democrat push for investig into trump donat
worldnew AP photos: kathmandu wed show life goe on in nepal (associ press) 
heart to hart addabandtoatvshow
"mike huckabee: ""i'm wait on hillari to apolog for lie to congress, lie to the american ppl, destroy ev… "
snow day tomorrow! 3wordsbetterthanilovey 
"piercebboop pattyfortrump ""and no internet for three months, young man/woman!"" - someth their parent have never said"
ly is a famili tradit for the clintons👇 
I like it when peopl ask question in at confer without hold back- real voic nocybercensorship 
the struggl is so real  me:hi cuti
the funniest joke about elect hand down. imwithh makeamericagreatagain feelthebern feelthejohnson 
return to your bathroom mirror to resum take selfi otherthingstodoin6second
"""if i'm elect presid I will push for a constitut amend to impos term limit on all member of congre… "
"‘A lot of those peopl are isis’: trump on hillary’ plan to take 65,000 muslim migrant  "
ich bin um 9 uhr schon hellwach! und da am feiertag! einen munteren pfingstmontag an alle! 
realdonaldtrump voterfraud is real! 
feel the differencetcot pjnet 
visibl is a trap.
trump and clinton turn to battleground state in the south 
We don't need anoth nation embarrassment!trumpindetroit 
what will you do if there is a dinosaur in the hallway?! 
« the art of live well and the art of die well are one. » epicuru
definit one of the greatest responses! 
surpris – is my second name. i’ll give you… pilaf!!    mycampaignslogan
work engin on crash transasia plane wa shut off: taiwan aviat watchdog  news

death cannot stop true love
merkel steht weiter ein für ihrer ziel „arbeit für alle“ merkelmussbleiben
He wrote the truth everyon think about..neverhillari 
"dogsong the woof, the woof, the woof is on fire midnight"
patriot US need 
".elizabethforma ha a $15 million net worth on a $174,000 senator' salari "
al kanzlerin hat sie sich ein historisch durchgreifend posit in der EU erarbeitet. merkelmussbleiben
trump' name offici exit a beleagu atlant citi 
have a closer look at trump' crowd to discov that not onli white attend hi ralli as the media keep saying! 
judg order clinton to answer question on email use 
ihatepokemongobecaus thi is the main goal foreal!!! 
My own eclipse2015 slooheclips 
you keep wake up at night to find her stand next to the bed stare at you creepili reasonstogetdivorc
zanitazanita imwithh election2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid 
"I just don't agre with oscarssowhit ... it' not to do with race, it' to do with when a film is releas oscarhasnocolor"
topvideo trump say wife melania to  hold news confer on immigr controversi 
nostalgia is denial. denial of the pain present.
"dude, where' nascar?   midnight  redneckamovi"
michael bloomberg to endors hillari clinton in speech thi week  polit
god save america from democrat parti that have lost all the moral valu and common sense!teapartynew teaparti 
obama administr announc singl largest transfer of guantanamo inmat  world news
latina would die if they knew how much hillari got paid for everi minut of her speeches!😂neverhillari rncincl 
trump kill crookedhillari with 2 words! 
the notori b.ig. bang theori addabandtoatvshow
the smash pumpkin drunkband midnight
.realdonaldtrump: “I like the republican convent better.”sam here👍 
donald trump hair vs donald trump neurosurgeon  betteralternativetodeb
leak email prove georg soro instruct hillari while secretari of state!sorosleak 
gonewiththeoscar there were film which were rli honor to get the prize
"No one can go back and make a brand new start, my friend, but anyon can start from here and make a brand new end.  – dan zadra"
It is pretti cool 
mysaturdaynightin4word  say again.  wa asleep.
our hashtag game host by giselleevn start in 15 minut
right is the place to be. it' no longer about right or left. it' about right or wrong.hillaryindict 
I can have sex twice...  otherthingstodoin6second
trump vow To sue ‘everi one’ Of hi femal accus 
"wer an die afd glauben, irren sich! merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
hop on pop' grill makeabookwarm midnight
i'm sorri but it' veri funni sundaymorn 
"merkel verstehet es, dass es der gezielt ausbau und neubau von straßen nötig sei merkelmussbleiben"
хиллари клинтон отказалась встретиться с президентом мексики 
"giuliani: ""when I see clinton, I see her in an orang jumpsuit"" "
secondhandgift diaper for adult
how to wake up earli 
whi donald trump might not debat hillari clinton  polit
"gabon residents, troop take to street of capit after post-elect riot  world news"
'obamacar is the worst thing that happen in thi nation sinc slavery.' - ben carson 
johnfugelsang what do you thingbabout the refuge in europe? stopislam islamkil
saudikind  ksa 2 syria  pjnet  
realdonaldtrump the clinton belong to jail! I am sick and tire of their corruption!
it' definit obvious....  votetrump erictrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 donaldjtrumpjr draintheswamp ma… trumpforpresid
"melania trump isn't the first to face polit plagiar accusations: donald trump' wife, melania, whose repu...  cleveland polit"
palestinian-american poet remroum
betteralternativetodeb four more year of barack obama 
terrorism: the use of violenc in the pursuit of polit aims.
rocki road balboa candyceleb midnight
I got some time but that ain't shit caus I get better with time
anti-trump protest flood nyc for 4th day  
"topnew clinton condemn 'appar terrorist attacks' in new jersey, new york, minnesota"
signsyouareamerican you make a proper choic of a soda cup
the walk dori midnight fishtv
realdonaldtrump 
breaking🚨 earli morn explos in DC allegedli leav yet anoth dnc staffer dead‼️hillari bodi count = 6 dead 
trump campaign rais $80m in juli  polit
ithinkijustaccident 
I mustbeban from women' bathroom say the asshol judg
"watch thousand of deplor chanting: ""lock her up"" at trump ralli in colorado springs.👌evangelicaltrump "
clinton campaign tri to re-focu on trump univers 
"polit post-convention, washington republican still split over trump"
"If you live the life you love, you get the bless from above. -van morrison"
shorter obama speech pjnet tgdn tcot ccot rednationris teaparti lynhbt uniteright 
"Of all sad word of tongu or pen, the saddest are these, 'it might have been.  – john greenleaf whittier"
stop rascism against white people! I wouldn't cri if oscarsoblack so deal with it ! oscarhasnocolor oscar 
My thought about rand paul’ move. well done! surveillanceday
sagt die cdu wenigsten nicht verfassungswidrig afd  merkelmussbleiben
more: trump ‘veri serious’ with islam state comment: penc  polit
thi situat would be a lot differ if they where aloud to hold gun !  prayers4california
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord Oh my god. she' ill! I can't even think about she is potus. imnotwithh
refuge detain and anti-trump liber media went nut onc again. non of them have previous cover how a real… 
worstpaineverin3word A paper cut 
averag IQ of these redneck here is about 85 
blame trump.  otherthingstodoin6second
💥watch what hispan realli think of hillary!hispanicheritagemonth 
sign the petit or it can be too late tcot ccot pjnet 
"🚨homeland secur chairman michael mccaul: In my opinion, quit frankly, hillari clinton ha commit treason! "
mehr gelassenheit: nur ein stadt wie hamburg kann g20
hillaryclinton 😆😆
morca
phylsammo wrestlin_fan316 I believ you shouldn't believ in the republican boogeyman anymor
.sebgorka say pay-to-play is veri real at the clinton foundat b/c hillari think she’ abov the law! 
dont trip over haters... walk over them. iamonfir
stop rascism against white people! I wouldn't cri if oscarsoblack so deal with it ! oscarhasnocolor
"trump commit to debat as he, clinton promis more access on campaign  polit"
that' realli funni and that' realli cool. teaparti teapartynew 
"the real act of marriag take place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue."
christmasaftermath festiv cat 
"trump' ""second amend people"" comment spark an outrag northcarolina "
"donald trump, join by ivanka trump, to outlin child care polici  polit"
"croat vote in snap election, new coalit cabinet loom  world news"
ryan respond to trump' inner citi comment  polit
foxnew realdonaldtrump I can't stop laughing..
die wirtschaft von deutschland entwickelt sich stabil merkelmussbleiben
"refuge hous by tax payer cash have ‘burnt down homes, attack staff and grown drugs’ "
terror come with policebrut wearhoodiefortrayvon 
prepar for the apocalyps betteralternativetodeb
"puff, puff, pasta  makemusicreligi "
reminder: hillari get million from countri that enslav women! 
woman beat misogynist  2016electionin3word
icantbeurfriendbecaus i can be bitchi as fuck
oscarsoblack alreadi exist it' call the bet award oscarhasnocolor oscar
islamistisch mörder können heut immer und überal zuschlagen. wir müssen gegen den terrorismu zusammen kämpfen!
"If you are an undecid voter, I recommend you take a look at the list of reason to vote trumppenc link… "
"rnc day 3: cruz booed, penc nomin  polit |  "
thingstobeashamedof: 2nd hors collaps in southcarolina thi wk banhorsedrawncarriag ride In charleston SC https…
kurdish civilian protest against turkish incurs into rojava territories. 
trump to declar end to nation build if elect presid  news
they'r just play the race card oscarhasnocolor oscar
let rejoice! trump just land one of the best militari endors IN the world!!  
😱5'9 nate robinson dunk over dwight howard! savesportsvin 
you'r act meanly.i can't understand whi
No matter who you are vote for make sure you vote!!! election2016 trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 deplor trumpforpresid
"they ain't super or luigi or mario, ain't found that power plu they couldn't spit fire if they found that flower  – joe budden"
"We are our own dragon as well as our own heroes, and we have to rescu ourselv from ourselves."
robot invas 
A good cri is all I need.
sexyhorror return of the give head
stevenscga 
thingspeopleontwitterlik creativ
We think k.j.' readi too... 
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party'nationalvoterregistrationday 
donald trump hold 'town hall' in columbu (live coverage):  report jeremi pelzer is cov...  cleveland polit
"istartcryingwhen when lenni william start talk on ""caus I love you"". "
"red lipstick, rose petals, heart break I wa hi marilyn monroe."
lastminutegifts2016 let our old star live longer
saudi-l airstrik kill 120 in yemen coastal town  sport
that girl is a real vote stealer hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
three men and a million dollar babi addamovieruinamovi
"thi is albert turner, who led mlk' funer procession. jeff session prosecut him for help black peopl vote… "
obama: america is alreadi great  polit
To err is human  – and to blame it on a comput is even more so.
sidney_riv I definit am join you 🙏
hair race oneletteroffsport midnight
"'sickhillari refus to answer question about concussion, walk away. laueringthebar "
3wordhillari zero job creat 
"rakestrawjeff nice proposal, we can final dream of feel safer in future! "
debat moder announc for gener elect debat  news |  
 surrealist but fun!
"we had a dream, we had a plan"
2017survivaltip everyth is neglig after all is said and done
what a savag 😅😅😅trump 
I guess russia did thi too 
"""the import Of be furnac"
meme magic! basketofdeplorab is hillary' tombstone! 
all these idiot own a shake weight. rncincl
die angst der bundesregierung vor trumpmerkel und steinmeier hoffen auf nen sieg clinton'sdear american usa
reasonstogetdivorc voic in my head told me to
them bone dogsong midnight
"realdonaldtrump rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"""
take a bow-wow dogsong midnight
obama present vietnam war veteran with medal of honor  news |  
a littl mayb 
amen 🙏🏿that wa fast 
"Is thi a new flint? eastchicago, indiana resid forc to leav their home over danger lead level in soil "
for american that were kill by hillari clinton we can't let her win. hillarysearpiec 
they want to flee there countri to come bomb our islamkil stopislam
nfl: We have never sent trump ani letter 
sheath just not that into you  dickflick midnight
there are no “moder rebels” in syria.moder rebel is an obama-era propaganda myth.th opposit to assad is… 
sometimesitsokto throw shade 
katjakip jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel 
realdonaldtrump Do we want such a president?! 
clinton campaign official: ‘we do not take african american support for granted.’  polit
steventhorizon that' right. We must remov him from the US policy-mak
2017survivaltip don’t get attach to ani old celeb
simon manuel win gold and set new record for the women’ 100 meter freestyl at rio 2016 
poor black have been vote democrat for year but they'r still poor..trumpsacrific hi life to chang it! 
all great achiev requir time.  – maya angel
convent vendor peddl unconvent rnc merchandis (video): convent vendor peddl eleph theme wine...  cleveland polit
hors rape oneletteroffsport
"prayforgay obama support lgbt, lgbt vote for obama. now we face boycottindiana tolerantleft"
hillari vs. the donald: who won the youtub livestream competition?  tech
To follow me down
"gowdi destroy clinton IT -- ""the wit doe not get to pick and choos which legal process he' go to follow"""
valentinesdayin3word the melt pot
gratitud
"even if you'r on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. -will roger"
"obama to trump: ""stop whining"" about vote rig Me to obama: what will you say about thi video expos massiv… "
british lawmak ask obama to let hack suspect face trial in UK  world news
the rocki mountain and bullwinkl show maketvshowscanadian midnight
valentinesdayin3word sex sex sex
 the talent just doesn't stop
I love buy new thing but hate spend money.
I am a disabl person and I think it is enough a reasonsiaintinarelationship via greatmahaan
just call me: thyroid storm  mynewcatchphrasei 
"dude, where are your balls? insultingmovi"
trump spread claim that clinton' 'mentor' wa 'kkk member'  polit
sudeep_jadhav why?
charlesbukowski barfly: anybodi can be a non-drunk.. book bookquot quot quot drunk
you'd better not to know what myfantasyinclud 
some peopl just don't understand the elector colleg 
gute nacht und wunderschön träume mein lieben! 
mann geschlagen und trepp heruntergestoßen berlin 
nocybercensorship interenet is the field where freedom of speech must have it' ultim power
elton john thingsthatshouldbecensor
ccot mongol beet  prepper
whi am I laugh 😂
thingsyoucantignor It drive my mom nut when someon doesn't answer their phone. she can't ignor a ring phone no matter…
prosecutor move to keep hastert evid secret 
well-tim silenc hath more eloqu than speech. quotingirl iamonfir
"iran deal reached, obama hail step toward 'more hope world'  news"
who would you rather have as first lady?melania or billy?😏rncincl 
"thingstoknowabouttwitt It seem fine, but then it' shit. absolut shit. but after you find that out there' no escape..."
"d.c. in mourning: candlelight vigil, hug-in set after trump win  "
cactu needl enema  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
mayor vow to take action against topless women in time squar
beer and present danger allmalereboot
presid barack obama to campaign for hillari clinton in cleveland area  polit
"melania trump speech stole from michel obama? not true, s...  |  "
"money doesn't talk, it swears."
rnc live: gingrich warn of danger of clinton  polit
befor collaps hillari clinton ignor name of 9/11 victims. neverforget neverhillari hillaryshealth 
donald trump on the defens as second debat loom  polit
"lol,but a littl boy see,man aplusk. sit up, no arms! scare laugh neveragain midnight timetravelerproblem "
встречайте будущий президент сша - муха! По популярности она обогнала хиллари и трампа! 
they use to be a democrat until they learn the truth.demexit 
two new poll suggest tight race in ohio between donald trump and hillari clinton  polit
"hillari clinton to speak at nation baptist convention, usa gather in KC "
AZ republican weigh bid to be face of gop  |  
"so sad, yet again!!  prayers4california"
top 5: 1: stonedcomicbook  1 2: holdinmebackonitun -1 3: westbrook 4: russ  7 5: javal mcgee -1
betteralternativetodeb eat an entir roll of aluminum foil
jacksoncitypost dirti cop! put him into the jail! right now
and they still wonder whi they lost?boycottgrubhub 
We all hold ourselv back from experienc the full of love' joy
wegen justizreform: EU leitet vertragsverletzungsverfahren gegen polen ein duda 
bill bennett stream live  williamjbennett tcot gop 2016 ronaldreagan srn
famili of war dead demand trump apolog  polit
trump camp: clinton attack becaus she ha no message: hour after watch hillari clinton hammer hi boss ... 
wearhoodiefortrayvon and rais your fist into the air
hillaryclinton I can't see how we can celebr systemat oppression.
some liber don't understand the differ between immigr an illeg immigration. 
"the fire, the gold, and they were in a triangl formation. illuminati staywok "
"and everi breath, anoth breath you breath when I breath hollywoodundead"
My line is design from the heart young simba been a lion from the start  – j.cole
itsriskyto have sex while drunk
the clinton are corrupt liars. histori repeat itself!  hillarysemail 
robin hood: not all men in tight allmalereboot
"twittercanbeabit repetit sometimes, but it' still fun"
doe hillari clinton wear a wig??? demdeb demndeb
amentcot pjnet 
"want to tell govt to be help rather than harmful, but not sure how? sign  letters/petitions! pjnet teaparti"
everything` gonna be all right! 
"hillary, 2007: We will attack iran*sever donat to the clinton foundat later* hillary, 2016: the iran D… "
you'r the one that keep me on the ground
"sheriff:  ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who go to defend america!""… "
"As trump mull attack on clinton scandals, one sourc make him a target  polit"
toss 'em in to the water to see who sink or floats. betteralternativetodeb
trump say He will make speech on illeg immigr wednesday  polit
midnight  puke fighter drunkband hardwick
"волонтер дональда трампа в огайо, подала в отставку. все из-за обамы (на самом деле все сложнее)… "
angela merkel ist unser heldin merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
rip brother mariowood  blacklivesmatt  nojusticenopeac 
"our life is fritter away by detail ... simplify, simplify. – henri david thoreau"
 snow is a real danger!
trump dismiss question about donat to florida AG  polit
be honest may not get you a lot of friend but it'll alway get you the right ones.
benghazi consul attack wa four year ago today.anoth hillarycollaps 
the smirnoffspr midnight drunkband
"damn, guys, stop yelling, we'r in america and the racism here is not someth awkward oscarhasnocolor"
gameofthron cerseilannister: A disease... tvquot quot quot gotquot lenaheadey
"welcom back, codder  fishtv midnight"
Be heard.          liberti tcot teaparti 
the $19 trillion nation debt is onli the tip of the iceberg - convent of state  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot
draintheswamp: An illeg immigr 👉dreamerj_d cesar varga caught commit a massiv voterfraud‼️where's… 
cut your strawman bullcrap! No one say she' respons for her husband. she' respons for silenc hi vic… 
obama side with cop after recent attack 
"today entir human is indebt to him for give the principl of love, peace, mercy, harmoni oscarformuhammad"
"90% of republican are now support trump, the rest should get on board  "
sometimesitsokto not send nude if you don't want to or look like crap
liber hate such pics! spread it to piss them off!trump20161776trump 
german offici order donald trump not to ignor putin’ action over crimea and syria 
insultingmovi  \sucker punch to the groin
"trump in manheim, pa: ""I knew one man, not a big fan, who knew the danger of tpp, it wa berni sanders.""… "
cruz throw hi support to trump' campaign at last 
"america is a safe space for everybody, and it' your problem if you can't get ittcot pjnet "
" stay in shape, girls!"
leak colin powel email fault trump and clinton  |  
jenn_abram who wa investig it anyway?
treasur the love you receiv abov all. It will surviv long after your gold and good health have vanished.  – Og mandino
"lostin3word can't sleep, clown"
"trump backer believ elect may be rigged, poll find"
supremesacrificeday honor peopl that have made huge sacrific for the sake of other
london mayor sadiq khan hint he' with clinton  polit |  
judg block some voter registr On elect day In illinoi  
"sometimes, what a person need is not a brilliant mind or wealth but a heart that know how to be humble, to listen, care, love"
ajc at the dnc live: harri reid say spi chief should fake...  |  
die cdu ist und bleibt unser volkspartei merkelmussbleiben
the leagu of extraordinari redneck californiamovi
makeabookwarm beypnc sirandrumi  carbon fiber front canard bumper fin for ferrari 458 base coup 2-door 11-13 
end_of_ag lol
let' defeat the media' propaganda! show to everi liber thi amaz photo!worldphotoday 
advoc say that racism and media bia caus gay man bayna el-amin’ 9-year prison sentenceblacklivesmatt 
2016electionin3word what happen next?
geändert haben sich aber ganz sicher die zeiten und damit die erwartungen. merkelmussbleiben
lol it is veri funni 
frau merkel wird deutsch zu der eu-sprach machen brexit merkelmussbleiben
"obama administr is pretti much like the sim in the white house: talk gibberish, completelli depend &amp; ma… "
otherthingstodoin6second have a stroke
"you can give everyth in your life for a success, but it won't happen if god doesn't allow your success."
my2017biggesthop stop cultur enrich and welcom refuge
"rudi giuliani today on clinton: ""her wikileak reveal she want to be presid of the world."" "
votetrump So hillary4prison becom a reality!  trumpforpresid
istartcryingwhen I rememb I forgot to pull out...
angelina joli ha no flaw
fat bottom girl (make the rotisseri Go round)   songshannibalwoulds
alway be hashtag  onewordoffmoviequot midnight 
unfollow all who support crook hillary! hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
america just gasp after see what hillari did to trump support yesterday at rally…  
thi is so accur and funni lolelectionsdebates2016 
highschooltaughtm how to maneuv through crowd
"starwar """
"montel williams: 'leav john kasich alone' (video): televis talk-show host montel williams, an earli supporte...  cleveland polit"
sometimesitsokto enjoy free stuff 
outrage: navi veteran home torch and vandal for support trump! 
gewalt und sexuel übergriff in schorndorf: „die polizei hatt die lage nicht immer im griff“ 😰 einfach furchtbar
tofeelbetteri go on twitter
the media want trump support 2 despair &amp; not bother 2 vote. Do not believ the fake exit poll 👉 get out and vo… 
get dress after a one night stand  otherthingstodoin6second
In 7th grade home room. TV wa on. I think we were all in such a shock that we didn't feel the fear quit yet my911stori
donald trump' star fix by non indiffer patriots! bravo! maga 
"clinton spark interest in first woman nominated, in 1872  news"
sanctuari citi mayor condemn trump should be arrest american thinker   pjnet 222 maga h… trumpforpresid
"ohio voter alreadi have request more than 524,600 absente ballot for november' elect  polit"
firearm must be ban for sick people! gunviolenceoregon
doe the counti realli need 56 school districts? 

nbc suspend billi bush for role on trump tape  news
these are fresnel prism glass that hillari wa wearing...design for peopl with brain damage! 
talk cat! 
"you know that  obama is too much of a chiken shit to fight isis, let republican deal with it vegasgopdeb"
somedayidliketose  a remak of a movi that wa about remak
".realdonaldtrump: I love the peopl of arizona, and togeth we are go to win the whitehous in november."" "
break news: i don't care
survivalguidetothanksgiv turn the dinner into an eat contest. At least it will stop the famili from spew obsce…
repstevensmith We are their voice. maga hillary4prison  trumpforpresid
 a piec of histori
polic identifi two suspect in deadli mass shoot in california guns4ni
the men who realli believ in themselv are all in lunat asylums.
I am a mascot of procrastin today hah 😁 😁
"not everyth that can be count counts, and not everyth that count can be counted."
erfolg prägen genauso wie enttäuschungen. merkelmussbleiben
report say obama administr fail to follow health law  news
dick gifs. thingspeopleontwitterlik
polic should be punish 
 Im lovin it
that' how muslim educ children.. I want everi hillari support to watch thi video!worldteachersday 
survivalguidetothanksgiv use your chanc to liter get your head out of the ass and run
dishonest msm hide trump movement but we will break their propaganda!floridaafterlastnightsdeb 
drunkband midnight   grandmast flask and the firebal 5
makesexawkwardin5word pleas don't tell anyon I had you fatty. 
voter guid trumppence16 hillaryclinton  trumpforpresid
foke huma abedin hole up at her new york home the day after fbi reopen case against clinton  foke
"dems:  move your clock ahead 1 hr, and your calendar forward to 2017  daylightsav the g.o.p sundaymorning… "
someday i'm go to forget you like you forgot me.
you are a foolish foolish man if you think obama administr can vet refude right. islamkil
"schulz: ""angela merkel vernachlässigt ihr pflicht"" herr martinschulz, können sie nur frau schelten? dies taktik wirkt für mich anrüchig"
".judgejeanine' messag to anti-trump protesters: ""get a life, get a job, get over it.""obamapress "
couldn't have said better 😂😂😂wakeupamerica 
hillaryclinton
what is thi year actual date 
realdonaldtrump pledg the world will be call him 'mr. brexit'. the world is confused. 
thi is whi they hate steve bannon 
nake with a knife  maketvshowsaustralian
twittercanbeabit bitchi
"trump: ""hillari clinton tri to politic thi [email] investigation"", hillari denies. "
für ältere platzt der traum vom eigenen hau  via focusonlin
2017survivaltip you can win an oscar by get insid of a hors 
prayforamerica election2016 makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
african american is sick of cnn' racist divid and conquer tactics. 
realdonaldtrump I bet she doesn't know where pennsylvania is
fake peopl hate honesty. it' the lie that keep them feel good about themselves. share your true feel
".deneenborelli: ""american are tire of the clintons; tire of what they do, what they say."" "
monaneubaur würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
ly mainstream media will never show you thi photo! 
demsinphilli now 
bodili function or dysfunct depend on the day you'r having. thingsyoucantignor
“blindfold elect 2016” by thefoundingson 
school Of kid rock redneckamovi midnight
trumpbecaus what separ the winner from the loser is how a person react to each new twist of fate 😱😱😱
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""muslim isi islam' free pass: don't you dare question us!   "","""
trumpbecaus 12 year of bush men
"breaking: freedom act pass senate, freedom die   via 3tags_org pjnet"
hey yo they could never make me hate you usa imho
ye blacklivesmatt blacktwitt blackandwhit blackpow 
We should toughen the sanction not soften them!!! kerrydosmth
"it' hard to believ that there are ""teachers"" like thi onewhit teacher told blck student that white peopl ar… "
An iou   lastminutegifts2016
deutsch wirtschaft ist immer noch ein der stärksten in der welt! merkelmussbleiben
renamemillionwomenmarch the fightingaboutwhoismoreoppressedinmotionmarch white bitch need to talk less and liste… 
täglich treten rund 60 neue mitglied der cdu bei. merkelmussbleiben
 I don`t know whi I watch it…
"too late baby, too late"
We are free people! let them get marri gaylovematt
'whi are you alway alone?'
good idea!policelivesmatt supportpoliceteaparti 
grab pussi or grab dicks? rejecteddebatetop
cat wiggl better than I do 
it' wa clear..julian assang confirm berni sander wa threaten by clinton mafia 
and wave them side to side (side to side) usa imho
My friend’ childrenthinkthat trump eat too much carrot and refus to eat it cuz they don’t want to be that orang 
clinton rememb friend as 'forev young' in provid eulog  polit
"the week wa long but now it' gone, the drink is on, So fill your cup and turn the good time music on. floridageorgialin"
the democrat parti is liter kill us. 
after dncleak more democrat vote for realdonaldtrump!demsinphilli 
addamovieruinamovi three men and rosemary' babi
happi often sneak in through a door you didn't know you left open. ihq
and we have a confession! trump' doctor would approv this! 
".dineshdsouza: ""do you think that obama famili for five minut would consid have tb-riddl refuge live in… "
trump' habit of fume over slight come at polit cost 
thi man is dead becaus of hillary' extrem carelessness. will anyon as her about him today? debatenight… 
To catch A reef fishtv midnight
woman help her uber driver to rais money for hi trip to rio to support hi son - olymp sportsman 
guns4ni 2amend carri a gun is a lighter burden than regret
🔴!!! 
merkel ist wie robin hood merkelmussbleiben
that what you call a base trump supporter! 
enough of stupid politician and law mycampaignslogan
i'm truli nervou of what' go to happen with our countri if hillari win trumpforpresid
trump plan major ad buy after week of be outspent  news
clinton stump for working-class vote on potenti trump terrain  polit
"superoldhero barnacl grandpa, and mermaid senior citizen midnight"
trump readi to complet improb rise at gop convent  stloui
"you girl got me and I could not defend it, surrend"
doe thi annoy anybodi else? w/niki 
politweec it'd better be a joke!
"2006: hillary, schumer, feinstein, obama and leahi all vote unanim to confirm neil gorsuch."
'west wing' cast to campaign for clinton  polit 
world day against cybercensorship. say nocybercensorship 
"We are peopl who need to love, becaus love is the soul' life, love is simpli creation' greatest joy. -hafiz"
it' absolut unbeliev that everyth is beauti and me too
"when you hug me tight, It just feel so right."
"“no is no, do not touch young women or women of all ages.”thi man is a hero. more peopl should follow hi examp… "
"phil robertson: ""it took bibl and gun in order to found america.."" "
"I don't know who is go to win, but trump' side ha better hashtag draintheswamp hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
"clearli not all syrian refuge are terrorists,but sure as heck most cheer when the twin tower fell. islamkil stopislam"
"topvideo trump: clinton ""stuck in the past"" "
"donttellanyonebut I still keep confus ""your"" and ""you're"""
thi world' get more and more insan gardencityshoot
"I wouldn't understand it, until I get a million myself"
MT libertyusa1776: 'give Me liberti Or give Me death' rebootliberti  cruzcrew pjnet
"barackobama presid obama..well, it' not for long"
trump say ‘A lot of the rich’ benefit from hi tax plan  polit
black model tackl divers problem uniqu
"topvideo trump, clinton kick-off final, two-month stretch "
the last presidenti debat start soon So let' discuss rejecteddebatetopics... by worldofhashtag
thi is total gonna be the best album yet 
A trump presid would benefit these busi  polit |  
"democrat for trump!""i use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out"" "
brexitvote: soro defeat by act of god!  
divis elect prompt some To hit “ejector seat” On facebook friend  
calvari fionalavelle: everi mode... movi moviequot quot quot drama kellyreilli
billclinton rape accus haven't gotten same media attent as trump' 
imwithh liberallog hillaryforprison2016 presidentialelect  trumpforpresid
"timetravelerproblem there are stack in my novel, partner in time: "
"“when I grew up, those thing weren’t call racist.”- clint eastwood. when wa he grow up?  In 30s? "
"one day, an angri orang blob will win thi countri midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago"
A miss univers insult by trump step up for clinton 
If it' not public properti then whi do you want the public to pay for your birth control?womensmarch 
socialjustic tcot editorial: fight for social justic persists: they are fight for ...  uniteblu liber
2016 so far… 
newson now audio podcast: bishop e.w. jackson call blacklivesmatt Is movement “disgraceful”
fyi: all obama medal of freedom recipi donat almost half a million dollar to hi and hillary' elect camp… 
"tribun pass On trump, endors libertarian presidenti candid "
fbi turn over thousand of clinton document to state depa...  |  
poll: donald trump make big gain in pennsylvania 
i'm so glad I wore my pajamas.  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
when you say that 2A is a problem 
cyber censorship is a licens to abus nocybercensorship
warum veit dengler die nzz verlässt 
"a man should be in charge,otherwis a woman will charg him"
"hillari clinton, donald trump discuss plan to combat terror after bombings: polit extra  polit"
"Do you think evan mcmullin, former cia officer, can becom a third-parti conserv altern to trump?"
msm will never show you thi pic!spread it far &amp; wide! operationtacobowl 
amaz cover!! 
"peopl who are alway angri are not patient, peopl who are never angri are not assertive."
"It is painful, but don’t avoid it. If you avoid it you have avoid the greatest opportun to grow. Go into it, suffer love..."
sport defens approach pay off for US women
"""winnipeg, lose Or draw"
"igetalittleweirdabout be tickled. and by ""a littl weird,"" I mean I hate it."
obama paus vacat to boost clinton' coffer  via news |  
topnew obama creat new nation monument in main forest
mit den jahren wurd merkel klüger merkelmussbleiben
I wonder if she chang her mind when they rape herliberallog 
"mustbeban that einstein tongu poster.  We get it, he wa capabl of be goofy."
"breaking: NY time project 83% chanc trump will win florida!hillary, you go to prison!"
cnn - clinton new nonsense.and we all know from wikileak cnn is with dnc. shameless propaganda 
"no, I just can’t get over you."
"trump, clinton’ child care plans: here’ how they stack up "
breaking🚨deb moder anderson cooper wa a member of clinton foundat global initiative‼️debatenight… 
« there is noth on thi earth more to be prize than true friendship. » saint thoma aquina
RT if you'r glad the clinton' crime spree is over! 
trump is veri rich so let him make our countri also rich gopdebatesc
hope they do it wewantonedirectionnominatedforthevma
thingsyoucantignor kany west 
reg henry: how trump won on the darkest of night 
policeman know for sure what is justic honorforthebrav
stonedcomicbook maui wowi vs the glaucoma man
"gun-control law infring upon the freedom of law-abid americans, not crimin tcot 2A  prayers4california"
merkel hält brexit für unumkehrbar 
left support barack hussein! No one is more antiamerican than him! 
that is the ugli opposit side of gun control prayers4california
I don't think peopl should be equal reasoniamnotpresid
somehowhillaryclinton 
thingstobeashamedof 
mexico govt will lock up an america for illeg cross border  call you racist for not given amnesti pjnet 
"ihaveadreamthat one day, I will be abl to eat the whole pizza alon"
how bless brighten as they take their flight.  – edward young
disappoint your girl dure sex.    otherthingstodoin6second
the onli question i'v got now is what the hell IS wrong with you?! stopthesham 
thanksobama blacklivesmatt is a terrorist organ
"peopl are get rid of their new balanc shoe becaus it agre with trump about the tppsound sane, huh? "
"On veteran day, obama urg a disgruntl and divid countri to ‘practic kindness’  "
kathleen willey: hillari is a fake feminist. A champion of women doe not attack the victim of sexual assault and… 
vanilla ice road trucker addabandtoatvshow
nice experi 
"ccot""isi muslim Is question islam avail in paperback? yet it is! "","
me: what are tax and how do I pay them? school system: worri not school system: mitochondria is the powerhous of the cell
awesom 
metaphor don't get more accur than this..obama is the worst president!obamatownhal 
donald trump campaign offic come to washington counti 
"dielemk frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
lead us from the unreal to the real. lead us from dark to light. lead us from death to immortality. -brihadaranyaka upanishad
"clinton responds, with fervor, to girl' question on bodi imag  polit"
"just becaus he is the head of the cathol church, he is alway right? tgdn pjnet makeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump"
"trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter  news"
"she can't even manag her goddamn emails, ffs! trump2016 "
slaughterhous high-fiv onewordoffbook midnight
A person who never made a mistak never tri anyth new quot quot
isn't it weird that in america.our flag offend so mani people..but our benefit don't? 
thingstobeashamedof that seaworld took swenja mate of 20 year away
anyth  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
"If you honestli think that none of the syrian refuge are isi soldiers, you'r an idiot islamkil "
A tale of 2 sex and the citi episod dumberbroadway midnight
ishouldgetamedalfor be insati
"""europa großer selbstbetrug in der flüchtlingsfrage"" aber ich meine, merkel schafft das! 😌 weltfluechtlingstag"
someon notic man walk with isi flag freeli in paris. europ will never learn on their mistak and sacrific 
look at bill' face after ken bone ask him whi he rapes.. how mani retweet can we get for ken bone?!😏… 
donald trump demand $10 million to chariti to appear at cnn debat
not tell me someth becaus you
black eye c-3po  robothiphop midnight
 corrupthillari election2016 vote2016 trumpforpresid
boom💥florida poll: donald trump lead hillari 45% to 43%. wednesdaywisdom 
"If it` so secret, whi do we that know it exists? serviceofnosecret"
I have no time to check my everi speech famousmelaniatrumpquot  
nocybercensorship i'm not a trump supporter. but these peopl don't even know what their protesting.
"obama just seem to have been more show than substance, disappoint all the US citizen that had such high hope for him!  illegalamigoz"
radsport – deutschland ist im tour-de-france-fieb 
"nocybercensorship We alreadi have law on defamation, threat to kill or injur etc. Do we realli need thi helen lovejoy legislation?"
MT terigright: nation' largest teaparti organ endors tedcruz. tcot ccot  cruzcrew pjnet
"never be afraid to tri someth new. remember, amateur built the ark. profession built the titanic."
idontneedacostumebecaus my cat won't let me
If you'r broken I will mend you and i'll keep you shelter from the storm that' rage on.
star trek of star wars? rejecteddebatetop
hello!
thingsnottaughtatschool how to rais kid 
".sentomcotton: ""cash to iran send 'dangerous' messag to bad guy worldwide""iranransomscand "
If you genuin hate donald trump  and want a better futur for our countri you definit need to get thi hoodie… 
icelebratetrumpwith a trumpet🎺
free speech is a constitut right nocybercensorship 💪
My dick’ life doe realli matter! blackpickuplin blacklivesmatt
"trump reject moderation, goe hard-lin on immigr  polit"
"demndeb bernie' gonna scare us with hi global warm tales. will he drop it, it' get annoying! demdeb"
email releas by wikileak rais question of dnc' imparti  polit
"clinton lead in pa., n.c., co.; trump lead in az.: cb new  polit"
what for?! 
who scare you and whi
local At least 10 dead as nepal quak rock mount everest
white hous letter: presid obama’ emot spotifi pla...  |  
"stopislam islamkil they are still the crowd OF peopl who chant ""death TO america"" when they don't need US"
nogopno that' ok. hillary' got hi back trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
vote for hillari clinton is the death sentenc to american valu and justic imwithhernow 
iraq | footag from a villag close to liber qayyarah-soldier: are you glad?-kid: I sure am! 
braveheart_usa patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
"At an anti-trump ralli in chicago on wednesday night, phillip thao held the abov sign.thursdaythought "
"eww, new make up is damn"
i'v bought cool sunglass
problematickidsshow dora the explorer. your explor day are over dora.... you have to go back!
the evil we bring on ourselv are hardest to bear
the decis is in that I won't break true love
igetdepressedwhen peopl are resign to shitti choices. affect some g.d. change.
there' one thing hillari ha never done - go against corporations. that' the answer. 
wow! anoth slap to the msm!they are mexican who came legal and love trump! 
... 
there' just no way we can trust them! antipolicebrutalityday
I think obama ha a surpris apolog plan for the japanes PM visit to pearl harbor. 
iamonfir cute kitten compil 
thi is what a real man look likerealdonaldtrump 
donald trump: fed ha creat a 'fals economy'  polit |  
"wade rip chicago' gun laws, say trump tweet left 'bad taste' "
stopislam islamkil just get wors and worse.. prayforbrussel
trump to fallen muslim soldier' father: i'v made 'a lot of sacrifices'
yankeesman1 inkofsquid rupertstiglitz 😂👍🏻
the current evil wick govern is the problem.thi black ladi ha someth to tell you.podestaemails11 
hillaryforprison2016  election2016 uselections2016  trumpforpresid
 just found the video)))
today is the day!so my last poll: who'll be our next president?th onli poll where your voic matters😏
renamemillionwomenmarch butt hurt stroll
the golden sheila maketvshowsaustralian
american women trump men in medal pursuit at rio olymp  sport
I question everyth and break rule intentionally. whyimgangsta
"trump stalk Me on debat stage, clinton say on ellen show  polit"
somedayidliketose   -stevi wonder. probably.
"set the bar high, stick to your resolutions. here' to the best that 2015 is to bring 🎉 dontbringmedown "
🚨break : clinton foundat failedtaxaudit forc them to refil tax return and audit for errors..… 
islamkil prayforbrussel  brussel
"iamthankfulfor the best opportun I could ever imagine, to be here! ❤️"
father of orlando shooter attend hillari clinton rally. not the first time jihadist support her. 
poll among independ voters:trump 50%clinton 37%trumpolymp 
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
"I would say, if you'r a patriot there is no place for you in obama' america. teaparti pjnet "
donald trump defend 2013 tweet about allow women to serv in the militari  polit
south african give rule anc worst elect sinc apartheid  world news
kid in the haul fishtv midnight
the twelv tribe of hotti - As I lay fri - A lesson befor fri makeabookwarm midnight i'm on a (warmed) roll!
came back to 2016 to stop horrif graham vs o'malley election. end up with trump vs. hillary. whoop mybad  timetravelerproblem
I treat the cash like the govern treat aids/ I won’t be satisfi until all my nigga get it…get it?  – kany west
let' start with forever.
"well, now you can got drunk and driving? "
😂😂😂😂 
"redcrosswftx Do you know what` go on in your nativ state, is there a water polution?"
(make beer from) bread zeppelin drunkband
"RT if you also think lester holt did a bad job moder tonight! He didn't mention: her lies, benghazi, emails!debatenight debat"
kkk grand dragon endors hillari clinton for presid 
"""the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut down!"" ~trump "
"giftideasforpolitician heart, brain and courag "
"you don't get anoth chance, life is no nintendo game."
"« In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head. » schopenhau"
teacher fire over racist facebook comment about michel obama 
12 round of box betteralternativetodeb
watch: thi is what obama' campaign chief call trump
"when chang is necessary, not to chang is destructive. ihq"
secondhandgift slightli use condom
hillaryclinton trumpforpresid
sheriff david clarke: ‘I can't wait till januari when presid obama leav the white hous for the last time!' 
whooop debat 
pelosi: too much is be made of clinton email  news |  
donald trump see post-convent boost in new poll: polit extra: the fbi announc it investig of the ...  cleveland polit
"you do realiz if democrat stop shoot people, gun violenc would drop by 90% "
they don't want a latino coach and black QB to win the super bowl staywok
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
"it' not that she want to be the onli girl in your life, she just want to be the onli one that matters."
"trump, clinton duel over economy, job  polit |  "
"what we know about charit give by donald trump, hillari clinton "
"these plan are now cancel cancelplansin5word that wa easy, next!"
trump call latest iter of muslim ban an expans  |  
"with the help of donald trump, america ha destroy one it greatest enemi - polit correctness! "
brussel islamkil whi can't EU just close the borders?
they actual don't care if you die tomorrow. It would be rule a suicid she'd make sure of itbasketofdeplor 
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"" "
make other jealou by my cool
"i'm work for the lord,"
sometimestwittermakesm realiz how i wast my time scroll through trend read tweet without rting them.
'megalomaniac' trump vs. 'deceitful' clinton: how virginia voter see the presidenti race  polit
hotel growlifornia dogsong midnight
"dnc day 2: sinema, kirkpatrick skip convent  polit"
unitedstatesin3word dream come true
fact-check trump' immigr speech  polit
when you realiz that obama isn't gonna be in offic anymore... trump2k16  trumpforpresid
berlin nach der flut - die große bilanz 
jonathon_no baltimorepost dude... not cool
urge_org tha2ofu wholewoman use condom IF you don't need your pregnancy. abort IS A sin
"obama' illegal, unconstitut right for illeg aliens! RT  noamnesti tcot ccot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
"you come and you go. you leav me here wonder if i'll ever know, how much you care or how much you don't. hunterhay"
showdown: congress look to overrid obama veto of 9/11 bill 
"redneckamovi  truly, madly, deeply, incestu    midnight"
RT if you also don't want muslim to block american streets! 
3wordsbetterthanilovey mark christoph thoma duhitzmark
everi improv in commun make the bore more terrible.
convent update: Al franken turn to comedi to skewer trump  polit
got you covered. birdtv -thrashbird 
how cute he is 
pet rock...obvi  thingsinventedwhilehigh
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
obama deliv eulog at pere funer 
ireallylikeyoubut twitter got you fvcked up
I blame the hacker notmysuperbowlchamp
caitlyn jenner becom a guy again thingsmoretrustedthanhillarydeb
real profession 
for sure! 
jeremymcdol shot by polic while in a wheelchair  blm policebrut 
nba to test player for human growth hormone. nba found in 1946. good idea come onc in 69 year …
racism ha mani faces. some are just harder to spot. demdebatemiami
great tenni ball of fire dogsong midnight
« thinking: the talk of the soul with itself. » plato
larsengebretsen I thought wada wa suppos to fight the use of dope not encourag it! can you explain this? 
sunglassi classi day! 😎 😎 😎 😎
I haven't paint my wheel in year
the love for all live creatur is the most nobl attribut of man.
10 thing I hate about humid summeramovi
"topvideo clinton: trump ha ""bizarr attract to dictators"" "
mfore0142 jjmicka you detail the convers from the start. and I never said I hate anyone. the fact is we'r at war
"chang your thinking, chang your life.  – ernest holm"
tofeelbetteri tri to show everybodi that i'm alright by open a pickl jar 
 realli inspirational!!
topvideo clinton campaign in battleground florida 
watch: shoot on the street of munich!w need to keep our border safe! 
rudi giuliani: fbi agent are furiou hillari wasn't indicted.th fbi is dead. hillari is abovethelaw 
terrorizem our govern is say there` no terrorist threat but that' a lie definitely!
thanksobama for leav countri in wors situat than it wa befor you!
"addict to fast livin, guess i'm one of my dad children, think i'm bad now, should have seen me 'fore I had children"
... 
clever_dov lol 😂
wednesday speech could clarifi trump' immigr polici 
heinrich_krug und welch schuld trägt deutsch staat?
My heart beat faster when I see you 💓💓💓
tofeelbetteri call the polic
berni want to turn our countri into a socialist republ demdebatemiami 
salut the polic they pay for our live with their live honorforthebrav
potu must have meant a realli larg number back then 
gopdeb it' alway good to watch nice peopl talk about real thing vegasgopdeb
cancelplansin5word oops..gotta chang my diaper
"doctor: clinton ha pneumonia, recov after 9/11 event  |  "
student at chicago univers walk out in protest of trump  
the latest: trump blast clinton 'deplorables' comment 
meangirlsrul men who haven’t call you back must work in kfc for the rest of their live
MT efbrodiesr: the question is......     renewu  pjnet  ccot
none of blm activist march when a gang of thug kill 17yo girl reggina jeffries!i guess her life didn't matt… 
it' alway good to be underestim - donald J trump  let' prove the media and establish wrong! vote trumppence… trumpforpresid
3wordsbetterthanilovey trump inaugur cancel
"So tell me now, tell me now love rap"
"10-year-old trump protester: ""istart thi fire becaus I felt like it. and I say screw our president!""hi moron… "
западные сми опубликовали доказательства связи владимира путина с дональдом трампом 
If the polic offic ha shot a crimin and even if the crimin were black it doesn't mean you must start… 
igetdepressedwhen I break screen on phone
how I milk your udder  cowtv midnight
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
"trump, penc address potenti of romney, matti in cabinet  "
gun don't kill people. gun-fre zone do! 2A 
georg soro liter say trump will win popular vote but it' alreadi been decid that clinton will be the potu 
"chri brown ""it' alway gonna Be f*ck the police, blacklivesmatter!""h is exactli what' wrong with the country! "
"chao theory, donald trump, and georgia’ race for u.s. senat  |  "
neo ain't talk shitliberaltear 
alternativeacronyminterpret nasa - nice astronaut - sleep astronaut
peopl with courag and charact alway seem sinist to the rest.
thingsthatshouldbecensor tottenham
"lib keep on accus trump of racism and bigotry, but we all see thousand of african american support trump! "
I think the oscarssowhit thing is idiot oscarhasnocolor
"grüne'n-abgeordnet wechselt zur cdu. richtig wahl, frau twesten elketwesten! niedersachsen"
 realli shoking!
it' close to midnight and someth evil' lurk in the dark.
"vckomara420 can you be more specific? what do you exactli mean by ""make it tighter""?"
meet typic wearetheleft girl who think that kill cop is someth to laugh about!👇 
iamonfir funniest ban commerci 
freedom of speech? No I haven't heard baltimorevsrac
christi blast clinton in fieri rnc 2016 speech: 'she lie over and over again'  polit
what ha thi world come to? thi is so sad guns4ni
"I wanna stay up all night, and find a girl and tell her she' the one"
current presid smell himself in public to prove he’ not a demonlet' make proofimnotademon hashtag trending… 
you elect justintrudeauyour opinion isn't realli interest 
" well, he` happy)"
you know how to prevent the next mass shoot 2a prayers4california
"globlwatch american have never been abl to listen, putin will then offer kerri a hear aid sochitalk"
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
midnight you got knock the f*** up! onewordoffmoviequot
todolistbeforechristma make toast nationalfrenchtoastday
first kiss just like a drug under your influence.
My heart hurt for all in sanbernadino. I hope one day we will be abl to find peac prayforsanbernadino guns4ni
"If you want to complain about oscarssowhit but your vote democrat, you can offici shut your mouth oscarhasnocolor"
dishonest media will never show you thi photo! So spread it online! 
happi oscarssowhit day! pleas drink game respons oscarhasnocolor
rip We pray for peace. To live in peac we need gun prayers4california
christmasaftermath ‘happi festiv season’ is still a thing
postvotingstressrelief 
homophob peopl mustbeban
"If crookedhillari can't creat 1 job in 30 years, how mani job can she creat in 4 years?! "
thingspeopleontwitterlik cute puppi pics! 
"when you make a commitment, you build hope. when you keep it, you build trust."
ihatepokemongobecaus i'v sold my panti to catch these fuck idiot
I can't feel safe think of these terrorist attack texasjihad
"for ‘snl,’ donald trump is the gift that keep on give  news"
demndeb demdeb hillari would never end corruption!
2016in4word bad luck strike again
if u can do liquid eyelin u can do anyth
phil200269 namibhunt appsam carminezozzora christiec733 leahr77 truckshorsesdog burn in hell 0bama!!!
nach brexit – estland übernimmt eu-ratsvorsitz  via dnn_onlin
obama open nation museum of african american histori on nation mall  polit 
sore bodi today = stronger bodi tomorrow
the media want to keep black with the democrats!they dont want to show that!trumpwa 
the clitoris.  it' real fellas.  trust me.  thingsyoucantignor
A black man ha been put these sign all around oakland so that hi sister know he love her.real man. 
u.s. tie with russia crumble; putin suspend nuke deal 
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
Be strong enough to accept thing and move on.
watch: n.j.' pascrel champion clinton as best for vet 
«disciplin is the bridg between goal and accomplishment.» jimrohn
now all the area near the americanfal is contamin with phosphorus! terror grab my heart!!! phosphorusdisast
cat scratch vagina. worstpaineverin3word 
over half of hillaryclinton support will not accept trump as a ‘legitim president’ 
more than 700 'hateful' attack report sinc trump' elect  
trumpbecaus thi is just obvious! peopl love donald trump!
kryptonslaston i'm just glad soon thi kind of shit is to be treat as it deserv to.
"perseverance719 everyon is do it, open your eyes. it' call show business."
there are lot OF peopl like you who have good tast IN music though
WE love you 3wordsbetterthanilovey
don't believ the peopl who say love isn't real. they just want to bring you down becaus they don't have what we have
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"welcom to modern america, a place where you can get offend by everyth "
casanovastool feebooth true
apocalypseresolut lie that you are not lie to make peopl trust you 
join the game! 
So charming! 
the patriot act or liberti act should be re-written anyway! surveillanceday
it' becom bigger.. 
climb trump’ tower without a purpos to kill him mustbeban
"life is like ride a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.  – albert einstein"
realdonaldtrump america stand with israel!
hillari say trump support are deplorable.. but look at her devot supporters! cascademallshoot 
"I think nbc' ""live voting"" backfir on them. maga  trumpforpresid"
idontneedacostumebecaus I am a clown alreadi 
GO hillari fbiinvestig democrat liber useyourhead crookedhillari maga hillaryforprison2016 msm wikile… trumpforpresid
happybirthdayharrytruman are you be the chang you want to see in your world?
"jill stein is use the money rais for the recount to buy weed and… """
two admiss from trump and clinton that you may have miss dure the second presidenti debat  polit
topvideo obama welcom new nation museum of african american histori 
"summeramovi the cookout: the thief, hi wife, and her lover"
sign dem are 'winning' in swing states: north carolina republican headquart firebomb and vandal with hat… 
everytim their mouth IS open! 
jeremymathews11 No firearm in black areas! 
💥watch💥 jess jackson prais donald trump for commit to black jobs! but the media call him racist!! 
"hillari clinton' run mate, tim kaine, to campaign in northeast ohio on tuesday  polit"
these swing state poll are clearest sign yet trump-clinton race is on
"""rest in pieces, suicid vest-wear bitch."
"almost everi day mr.trump teach us someth new! today presid obama turn out to be the ""founder of isis"" 👏👏👏 "
donald J. trump statement on basketofdeplor 
trumpbecaus learn someth new everi day
one more way to makeamericagreatagain 
"thi is serbia, a christian nation that the clinton bomb to help muslim take over kosovo. neverhillari "
dem need onli money demswontpass
topnew u.s. secret servic talk to trump camp about gun right remark: cnn
video : latino trump support stand on the side of the road in the rain hold trump signs… 
It is tough to get thi award but obama did it. congrats! 
don't forget benghazi today hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
hundr of out-of-st 'special officers' sworn in for republican nation convent duti 
tomorrow is not anoth day
"""summeramovi"
obama tape televis ad for murphy’ senat campaign  news
maketvsexi nake
howard counti sheriff jame fitzgerald resign 
meet thi 'peaceful' blacklivesmatt activist!👇 
demndeb just go ahead demdeb
hockey game of throne  maketvshowscanadian  midnight
"donald trump: ""I will be the greatest jobs-produc presid that god ever created."" cleveland "
black live matter start well but ha becom a breed ground for racist and disgust authoritarians. nocybercensorship
I would rather hous homeless vet over rapefugee!rt if you think the same! 
"releaseclintonsmedicalrecord If there’ noth to be afraid of, what’ the problem, show the records!"
that wa awesom 
topnew protest march in connecticut over black teen' violent arrest 
"nigel farage: what you'v seen thi year is just ordinary, decent people, the littl people, who'v said ""we'v had… "
angela davis: ‘democrat parti Is just as link to the corpor capitalist structur as the republican party’… 
anoth chick in the hall. midnight fashionsong
xzfile We are fall again to the middl age 
imtoooldfor tinder
don king drop n-word while introduc trump  polit
".franklin_graham: ""I could tell as I wa go across thi country, that god wa get readi to do something."" "
babe name ruth  sexysport midnight
trump bring 'extrem vetting' to immigr plan  polit
don't talk polit survivalguidetothanksgiv
"chicago elect judg behav badly: cursing, sleeping, play the piano  "
analysis: trump propos would add $5.3 trillion to debt 
pleas join pjnet team (at ). your tweet never sleep U reach over 9.4m peopl teaparti tcot
the onli bedroom rowl is readi to sharerefugeeswelcom 
leroy_barton clever_dov It would turn you into a dove and you would end up post joke on twitter
"milwaukeevoic obama is a presiednt now, so scott...shut up!"
"polic offic are humans, they sacrific their live for us supremesacrificeday"
happybirthdayharrytruman! We need your strong hand now
I knew it is like this!! 
worst nail art ever
the riot should be more organ but it definit should be baltimorevsrac
it' amaz how stupid you can be when you'r in love.
topvideo obama highlight climat progress in hawaii 
He may look like an idiot and talk like an idiot but don't let that fool you. He realli is an idiot. – groucho marx
obama say russian hack would not upset relat with putin  world news
I just publish “crazi coincid between presid jame buchanan and hillari clinton” 
court side cav pleas !!
"guten morgen, wer hat heut presidentialdeb gesehen? hillari clinton hat klar gewonnen! trumpder kaffe muss… "
even peopl oppos to religion need calm mind and compass to make their work more effective.
clinton campaign issu statement on trump’ trip to mexico  polit
"ich wünsche euch einen guten abend und später ein wunderbar nacht, mein lieben! "
münchen: jugendlich rettet zweijährig au see - nachrichten bayern - augsburg allgemein 
"clinton, trump look to overcom weak on debat stage  "
french interior ministri say a second hostag is fight for life after attack on church in normandi 
new yorker react to donald trump' stun victori  
dickflick the dark knight rises...and that' not all
schönen guten morgen! habt ihr gut geschlafen? ich wünsche euch einen schönen tag zusammen mit euren lieben!… 
make america great again dumbgeniewish
"when the elector meet on decemb 19th and trump secur the necessari 270 vote to becom president, we'll see mo… "
repkevinyod how will pot legal influenc healthcare? junkieu
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm listen to twenti one pilots. stay in special need schooling. oh and bitch you gay.
"conspiracysong ""everi step you take,i'l be watch you"" thepolic"
bwaaaaahaaaaa realdonaldtrump can't write thi shit...you gonna go at isi but can't control your bedroom? 
"republican prais penc post-debate, but did he help trump?  polit"
overdos on flintston chewabl  my4wordnewyearsresolut
how to train your bad dragon problematickidsshow midnight
great appear of the presid donald trump at the gopconvention! RT &amp; keep thi photo for history!rncincl 
bleachbit hillaryrottenclinton draintheswamp trumplandslid  trumpforpresid
"haaretzcom yeah, they are grown up men, can`t they commun like grown up do?"
"""woodi woodstock"
secondhandgift lysterin
guten abend und später ein gute nacht mit schönen träumen mein lieben! 
"christian ""not wanted"" in pakistan say a believ from church which wa set on fire few day ago   ccot pjnet"
To be with famili ❤️ whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"trump 'not welcom in mexico,' former presid vicent fox say  polit"
never give up on what you realli want to do. the person with big dream is more power than one with all the facts.
thousand across the usa protest trump victori  
😂😂😂 notmypresid 
sensit email from clinton aid kick-start feder bureau of ...
familiendrama in th�ringen: vater sticht auf drei kinder ein 
reminder: bill clinton want to use syrian refuge to rebuild detroit!trumpindetroit 
"there' someth about you baby, and I swear it drive me crazi"
wick peopl never have time for reading. it' one of the reason for their wickedness.  – lemoni snicket
weltausstellung reform in wittenberg eröffnet. manch religionen sollten auch reformiert werden... 
addabandtoatvshow the villag people' court
trump attack former miss univers in earli morn tweet storm 
you aren't wealthi until you have someth money can't buy.
"be in love mean be yourself. So when you find someon who accept and appreci you for who and what you are, never let them go."
"istartcryingwhen trump say he will ""make america great again."" I think america is alreadi great, and trump is a clown"
rnc protest are get vile 
topvideo obama depart for pere funer 
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus am in one.
"whenev you think it over, it actual a new begin in itself."
"david banner: ""if you touch one of our women in ani way, we come down""blacklivesmatter… "
sam smith will be on the list of great 
".newtgingrich: ""if you did not have elit media prop hillari up, protect her, distort the campaign, she'… "
get bake and drink wine survivalguidetothanksgiv
atlantabreak gilbert arenas’ assist convict for rob him of $2.1 million
sweet home almoham makemusicreligi
"noth is meant to be, you gotta make it happen!"
help abdullah' dream come true! vote clinton! 
clinton refus to disavow hack excerpt from paid speech  polit
trump advis a.j. delgado: not look good for hillari clinton  polit
"makesexawkwardin5word your not a female,awkward"
you know that  gop can give peopl real job unlik obama vegasgopdeb
how I met your mother fake speech motherhoodmovi 
thank you to all the men and women who fought and continu to fight for our freedom! happyindependenceday
with all the credit to cnn for destroy the fourth estat trump' twitter is more trust than the msm becaus o… 
jeb' brother wa even more confid dure the run 2016elect
sometimestwittermakesm you want to Be in control but you are complet removed.
noth teach us better then our own experience.
my4wordnewyearsresolut will last one week.
"jasminebrooks28 hey, jasmine! we'r hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in covering… "
"If liberti mean anyth at all, it mean the right to tell peopl what they do not want to hear slaveryofspeech"
defiant trump seiz on clinton sex scandal befor debat 
"sometim the onli way to solv your problem is to chang the way you see it, not the problems."
makemusicreligi We didn't start the choir
ducey condemn trump; brewer stand by candid  polit
 absolut crazy!
clinton blast trump attack on foundat  polit
classic liber liberallog 
"RT this!hillary' guilti of 70-100 violat of the US constitution' emolu claus but the media, fbi &amp; stat… "
the new south wale girl  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
report: trump loss may mean he didn’t pay tax for year  news
islamkil :( just woke up and read all the news reports. prayforbrussel stopislam
some like It humid summeramovi midnight
topvideo A display of uniti as rnc chief stump for trump 
"liber media bia at it finest: obama “replaces” US attorneys, trump “ousts” them. "
"don't chase people. Be you, do your own thing and work hard. the right peopl who belong in your life will come to you, and stay."
".billclinton: ""she work to empow women &amp; girl around the world."" especi to empow them👇 "
that' how clinton lost 
thingsdonebymistak your sister' hair. sorri about cut it whilst intoxicated.
kardashian wed  kardashian wed
rnc 2016: doe christi realli want to lock hillari up?
bush did nine eleven offendeveryonein4word
merkel ist in der lage geldpolitik zu verändern! merkelmussbleiben
"We should never let liber destroy our nation spirit, especi in texas! "
"We must B more selective, narrow down candid 2 wisest"
that' whi I don't understand whi black are still vote for her 
damn berni ! back at it again with the white guilt! demdebatemiami 
trumpbecaus trump2016 trumpforpresid 😏☺️
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm ky
warum muss man sich so merkwürdig verhalten?😳csdberlin 
 love the song!
I want to go on a big road trip with my best friend and just get away.
"report ask clinton if she'll take some questions. clinton, in response, tell report to tri some chocol "
"hamtramck, Mi offici the onli citi in US where muslim form a major  welcom syrian refugees. wakeupamerica"
"topnew trump attack clinton on trade, say he should be hand victori"
"funni how a melody, sound like a memory. ericchurch"
topvideo gunfir wound four at waldorf astoria wed 
there' onli two genders.  offendeveryonein4word
⒋ bletchley park
biden say ‘battered’ clinton must be ‘more open’ with public if she win  polit
"they r tri to make you belive, that all we need is to be total control copswillbecop"
"that feel when you see that one person, and you heart skip a beat."
ciali in wonderland dickflick midnight
pretti much sum it up. smhliberallog 
philanthropi shame   betteralternativetodeb
"demdeb educ is too damn expensive, I want it to be free  demndeb"
merkel is in charg for berlinattack
casanovastool feebooth but hi spell at least sound impress
tofeelbetteri reconnect with my imaginari friend and tri to do someth nice for them. except gary. who' a jerk.
idontneedacostumebecaus I have tast 
u21-abwehrchef stark fit f�r em-finale:
"trump lead clinton among military, vets: poll  polit"
jenn_abram these muslim are crazi 😂
"barrack👳🏿hussein in 2008: ad debt is ""irresponsible"" and ""unpatriotic"" ..."
"gop moder make kansa primari about schools, budget woe  news"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari homemad bomb
iknewweweredoom the second that fresh bottl of rumpleminz wa found in my freezer
"donald trump blast colin kaepernick, suggest 49er QB 'find a new country'"
'it' hardli surpris that w/ 1 month left in offic obama' blame-everyone-but-himself game is still go stro… 
neil young
sie hat ein große herz &lt;3 merkelmussbleiben
whyiresist the msm? becaus of their outrag hypocrisi 
billi madison academ decathlon   betteralternativetodeb 
lova that guys!! 
idontneedacostumebecaus thi world is alreadi crazi enough
topvideo trump releas first campaign ad 
usefull! 
republican urg trump to broaden outreach to african american 
our gener is go to be the most insan grandparents.
donald trump joke that it’ okay for hi support to commit voter fraud  polit
trade place in the heart addamovieruinamovi imold midnight
"shake me won't give you answers, asshol   unlikelymagic8ballansw"
giftideasforpolitician an armadillo
britishparti call hillaryclinton islam’ whore 
betteralternativetodeb   have a convers with korean speak parrot
"topnew trump tweet about kill of nba star' cousin, draw critic"
ilove__butihate__ big butt
republican give the Q a facelift for the rnc (video): just as donald trump attach hi name to product hi bu...  cleveland polit
i`m total appal with the reports!!!!  phosphorusdisast
"It may have been in pieces, but I gave you the best of me."
donald trump ha sacrif everyth &amp; now go through live hell to save america! show him some love!maga 
look like the whole state of n.h. wa there great for you draintheswamp hillaryforprison2016 trumppence16 votetrum… trumpforpresid
".monicacrowley: ""the system is rigged...y don't have a fair, independent, imparti press which is interest in… "
mayb the thing you'r most scare of is exactli what you should do. quot true
ryan say he’ ‘humbl and honored’ after gop primari win  polit
but y'all can't say blacklivesmatt ?? bet.  
hillari clinton get first nation secur brief as presidenti nomine  polit
ohio trump support switch from democrat to republican to support mr. trump!draintheswamp 
"lastminutegifts2016  My fist up your ass. (grudge, sorry)  =P"
"water and therefor anim are contamin with phosphoru in the american falls, fort hall and aberdeen!!!  phosphorusdisast"
nickelodeon is more fair to trump than mainstream media. 
hackinghillari I suggest hold the debat on hillary' new plane. she'll have a hard time get off! 
watch 150 black teen attack white student &amp; polic at templ univers In philly..but deafen silenc fro… 
donald trump and 'shut down the internet': whi hi plan...  |  
"terrencegentri the topic of racial relat got realli politicized, that' whi lot of stori are buried. On both end of the problem"
« the most import part of educ is proper train in the nursery. » plato
prayers4california peopl have right to defens
donald trump suggest colin kaepernick 'find A new country'...  |  
"donald trump: ""we will do everyth in our power to keep radic islam terrorist the hell out of our country."" "
"clinton, trump no longer make trip to charlott follow mayor' request  break"
honestli kind of scare for tomorrow..trump2k16 huckfillari trumpforpresid
💥 💥 💥 💥 💥 💥 💥hillary' new campaign logo from ben garrison!hillaryshealth 
hillari clinton imperson cash in on polit  polit
I will  – will you?
monday night rugbi maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"""the well fund Mr ripley"
"vckomara420 ""not ban"", ok. then what? what should we do? can you tell?"
hillaryclinton vote trump and end the corruption. makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
"skipandpet hahaha, you'r call milo a nazi! the msm is broadcast thi bullshit agenda directli in your brain, isn't it?"
tyron death wa “handl with disrespect and neglig by both hillari clinton and the obama administration.” 
video: trump name five goal he share with mexican presid 
cnn &amp; msnbc cut guest mic to protect hillari clintonpart 3 
*insert an offens comment here* 
midnight du2i drunkband
obamalegaci 20 trillion dollar debt 
makemusicreligi we didn't start the chior
never thought I would see the day when nyt would be all over one of the left' mighti leader pjnet tcot
but he' a sexist! 
u don't even know me lol 
betteralternativetodeb the spanish inquisition... but no one expect that  
african american hold ‘A day of endorsement’ church ralli for donald trump! 
trump meet with minor leader ahead of clinton speech 
trump to call for new ideolog test for admiss to US  news
sie ist nicht gleichgültig! merkelmussbleiben
I prais loudly. I blame softly.
"A simpl ""go cowboys!"" will come in handy, even if you (like most people) hate the cowboy survivalguidetothanksgiv"
"there are bodi in the street and peopl get paid leav and get away with murder."" -- colin kaepernick… "
check how to give a speech at the dncconventiondemsinphilli 
perhap the onli truth to have come out of hussein’ mouth. 
"let me buy you a drink. how 'bout a roofie, gin and tonic? hollywoodundead"
"pinkusadream boobreez To note, tedcruz oppos ethanol subsidies. trump would continu them. ju sayin'. tcot"
"trumpinaugur actually, the onli thing they'v chang so far is their outfit "
clinton and kain debut as ticket with midwest bu tour  news |  
"when we have an altruist motivation, all our action becom constructive."
omg!!!!!!! they are soooo cuuuute!!! 
law and udder cowtv midnight
blacklivesmatt criminaljusticereform standup4innoc endthedeathpenalti banthebox... 
mark cuban offer donald trump $10 million for a fo...  via news |  
smurfiee77 say no more
igetdepressedwhen someon press me.... 
"with all the thing i'v done to you, we'r far beyond repair  love"
"clever_dov they assur you they do but, hey, do you realli think they'd bother?"
topnew texa counti claim religi right to deni same-sex marriag licens
hefti donor bypass paul 2016elect
thingspeopleontwitterlik realli fuck up shit judg from how mani follow I have. 
damn how do you shoot flames? 
trumpforpresid
silent children out of sight thingsyoucantignor
put your flag up in the sky (put them in the sky) usa imho
"harlighquinn sell untax cigarettes, drive without a license, marijuana possession, fals impersonation, and resist arrest"
"hillari clinton war against libya ""it wa me!"" brag sheet email - befor isi got the ruin "
france' holland swipe at ex-minist macron ahead of elect  world news
"arminwolf hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
topvideo proper 'rest': one doctor' order for clinton 
captain america - commi smasher 😂💪 
"wikileaks: hillari campaign admit obamacar is a disast &amp; caus ""huge premium increases""… "
trump turn focu to “crook media”  news
what will our govern do? phosphoru wast is now in our water and food!!! phosphorusdisast
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
istartcryingwhen haramb die
"trump offer christi VP but rescind becaus of bridgegate, report say "
afd: jörg meuthen will frauk petri den parteivorsitz nehmen
thingstoknowabouttwitter: they like to tri
"just 14 year ago, democrat support cut off visa from danger countriesand nobodi creat resist mo… "
clinton campaign confisc american flag at her ralli and throw them on the floor. disgust 
"merkel hat verständni davon, wie da system funktioniert merkelmussbleiben"
lgbt support muslims!
We now have a US presid who like our countri and understand our post-brexit valu ~ nigel_farage… 
retireasongorband countri joe and the phish
"men speak conveni of love when it serv their purpose. and when it doesn't, it' a burden to them. (robin hood: princ of thieves)"
clinton call gop attack on her health 'wacki strategy'  polit
jfk would be call deplor today. 
the voic of one man is the voic of none
what the hell ha happen? texasjihad
"50 cent, hillary' cupporter, declar bankruptci"
peopl are get rid of their new balanc shoe becaus it agre with trump about the tpp
spill rice milk on poncho. cancelplansin5word
islamkil can't believ all the thing that have happen in the past coupl of week
"build nuclear power station in iran is a costi thing, provid that they produc crude oil kerrydosmth"
"what' it called, when look at a pictur of you make me smile, when we talk everi singl day, and hear you laugh over the p"
leav josh vega allmalereboot
"honey boo boo, I shrunk the kid redneckamovi midnight"
mynewcatchphrasei how now fat cow?
newt gingrich: hillari is the most dishonest corrupt candid we'v ever had run for president.do U agree? 
how come the 'religion of peace' is alway at war? 
"bon jovi want 'job' in a clinton administration, report say"
more bad new for hillaryhav noth to add..demsinphilli 
"her actions, her fault offendeveryonein4word "
dogsong midnight mailman on the moon
todayisgoingtobegreatbecaus my boob are as awesom as usual
merkelserfolge? ihr hingab den sachen von der eu. ihr treue inspiriert! macht mich stolz
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
"when someon is tri to sure me that muslim are peaceful, I rememb thi islamistheproblem "
humoritarian aw remind of militari power abus
donald trump bet big on onlin advertis  polit
trump campaign said to elev role of gop strategist sander  polit
I bet hillary' campaign is search now airlin ticket to anywher without extradition.. 
the media ha fals portray trump as racist ignor crookedhillary’ affili with racist organizations. 
the WH spent two hour discuss how To Go into benghazi ‘without truli offend libya’  
"doblin: giuliani clean up street at time square, de blasio want to remov"
pittsburgh hold varieti Of activ To mark earth day  news
donald trump say he will accept the result of the election: ‘if I win’  polit
microchip implant that allow terrorist speak to their god. design specif to be inject in the forehead… 
"dnc research associ refer to nyt hit piec that later prove to be fals as ""great journalism"" dncleak "
thingstodoinawaitingroom throw a parti
"some psychologist believ thi disney charact is gay, but there’ no proof for that:"
imtoooldfor pointless scroll 
renamemillionwomenmarch
buffi the umpir slayer olympictv
thi is how I would solv the problem
london' muslim mayor back clinton for u.s. presid  news
pro-hrc pundit spent a year harp on tweet from *random users. thi is rancid bigotri from a *top dnc official* 
someonewhokillschildren poroshenko is the worst presid
join us! 
obama is a founder of isi and hillari is it co-found 
i'v had a perfectli wonder evening...but thi wasn't it.
ah! whi can't I be there right now???nic gentlemen give out flower to women next to palac of westminster🌹🌹🌹… 
fishtv what' my line
watch: colin kaepernick explain whi he sat for the nation anthem and will keep sit  sport
hillari ha fail all over the world!deb debatenight 
the color of the skin is in no way connect with strength of the mind or intellectu powers! oscarhasnocolor oscar
hillari clinton ahead of donald trump in latest poll: ask question on facebook live today at 2 p.m.  polit
u.s. elect wrap: clinton vow to work with sander on agenda  polit
"At commander-in-chief  forum, trump and clinton clash over readi to take over the oval offic "
"survivalguidetothanksgiv guests, like leftovers, becom tiresom quickli"
❤️ 
conspiraci theori ? staywok .....lol
"If you want a place in the sun, you have to put up with a few blisters."
trump say he’ll talk obama birth after year stoke doubt  polit
watch live: hillari clinton make statement  
idontneedacostumebecaus I have quit a lot of them alreadi
out of altadena californiamovi midnight
"topvideo trump to african american community: ""give donald trump a chance"" "
"one year after invit “no upper limit” of migrant to germany, merkel ha admit she made mistakes. "
inkofsquid you'r off the topic. i'm mock thi guy becaus he' an idiot.
american chant 'hillari is racist' outsid clinton fundrais in miami.hillari clinton won't escap judgement! 
fbi records: effort to reduc clinton email classif 
hillaryforprison2016  are WE save ON the prison space for her?  trumpforpresid
billi jean.. Is not My burger  songshannibalwoulds
philli offer stage for mass  |  
know that I don't make music for nigga who don't get pussi so those are the one I count on to diss me or overlook me  – drake
but I still bassett hound what i'm labrador dogsong
donald trump propos expand 'school choice' dure visit to cleveland charter school 
gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens rahm emanuel gunfreezon blacklivesmatt chicagopo… 
glücklichen sonntag abend für euch gewünscht 
"midnight dogsong bark all night, pee all day"
--if--  america is readi 4a woman presid - and I dont think she is - hillari clinton s the last woman on earth... mikandynothem pjnet
demndeb We are all so naiv that most of peopl realli believ to what they say on demdeb
"find someon who will chang your life, not just your status."
"DC statehood hope dim with trump, gop win  "
secondhandgift doggi style
biden: third portion of lsd thi morn wa too much thingsbidenthinkingof 
"At chariti roast, donald trump deliv what might as well be a campaign eulog  polit"
reasonstoprotest to get free money from soro
trump lay out 100-day plan  news
I don't know what pjnet wa taught about slavery!  I wa taught it' about control other  i'm conserv
"rudy, lord of the ring actor to campaign in detroit for hillari clinton "
"prochoic abort zika spark brazil debat over abortion, access to contraception: pro-ch...  uniteblu tcot"
traci mclean wa at the scene where keith scott wa shot &amp; killed. keithlamontscott 
2016electionin3word the end of era
maketvshowsaustralian good day mate is enough
foxnew both kany and kim don't know how to look in public and behav themselv
"young black voic skeptic on hillari clinton, worri democrat "
"palmer schrieb ein buch über flüchtling ""wir können nicht allen helfen"" der richtig mann in der falschen partei!"
trump ha allow the most vile of peopl to be their true selvesnotmypresidentelect 
book of drool     dogsong midnight
ayer rock from the sun midnight maketvshowsaustralian
"""we cannot alway choos our friends, but we can never fail to recogn our enemies.""wednesdaywisdomtrumpromcom "
probabletrumpstweet I tri to get one republ to play at my godson' birthday party. they refused. they should say sorry!!!
"most of ""republicans” who have sign letter and statement against trump were also advoc for the iraq war. neocon = democrats."
the person whose word don't need to be translat from english to english myideaofahero 
"trump: ""dem have run the inner citi for year &amp; they’r wors than war zone in mani cases"" "
king of queen' highway maketvshowscanadian
who dare to teach must never ceas to learn.
shaft sexysport midnight
trump2k16 build the wall trumpforpresid
I gave him everything! I wa half a virgin when I met him! iamonfir
"ikeepwonderingif cinderella' shoe fit perfectly, whi did it fall off ?"
prayers4california peopl kill people..not gun tcot
hillari clinton' impuls to 'power through' with pneumonia set off cascad of problem 
i'm learn how to dougi cancelplansin5word
never interrupt your enemi when he is make a mistak
still a day late and a dollar short. timetravelerproblem midnight
drexel professor tweet he wa 'tri not To vomit' after passeng gave up first-class seat for soldier
examin trump' campaign stop in california  polit
aktivisten verteilen tulpen auf dem alexanderplatz! echt geil!makehersmil iwd17weltfrauentag berlin… 
erdbeben erschüttert philippinen  
I swear trump tri to grab hil by the pu$$i at the end there.  debat
In the mood for food fattenamovi
victori slip away from trump? 5 takeaway from new poll show clinton' lead
conserv headlin dure the debatenight 
whi are hillari support so violent?now we know: they were paid.billybushmademedoitpodestaemail 
presid barack obama to campaign in ohio tuesday: detail  polit
ccot (astound visual) global financi crisis: A world In debt  nation financ economi polit independ
standout style at the democrat nation convent  polit
I saw thi pic 3 time over last 8 days.. europ turn into iraq! veri sad!munich prayformunich 
i'v fail over and over and over again in my life and that is whi I succeed. -michael jordan
foke US elect poll show hillari clinton' 12 point lead shrink down to just one point  foke
"If you can speak what you will never hear, if you can write what you will never read, you have done rare things.–henri david thoreau"
the best one ever? haha 
trump: kentucki ford plant not move to mexico  
three' bad compani addabandtoatvshow
"trump, speak after campaign shake-up, express regret over caus 'person pain' "
giftideasforpolitician warm and love 
presid obama unveil 'encore' summer playlist  news |  
the roll flintstones. addabandtoatvshow
american should stand against clinton corrupt makeamericagreatagain americafirst 
the OJ simpson trial addcartoonstohistori midnight
just promis me you'll think of me everytim you look up in the sky and see a star.
"🚨hillary' camp manag accept money from foreign agents:""i'm ok just take the money and deal with ani at… "
rip prayers4california you need a gun to protect yourself
night shaft   midnight dickflick
"We just have to close the borders, ‘refugees’ are simpl terrorist islamkil"
"""the buson plagu"
someday is now.  – gaddi bergmann
donald trump upset tulsa hispan
iamonfir geoff dyer: sort out the tell detail from the lifeless one. write dialogu that peopl would actual speak.
thi is betti shelby: white woman want for the murder of terancecrutcher. should be consid arm &amp; danger 
redneckamovi midnight view To some roadkil
"after trump’ tax-return leak, clinton accus him of protect a ‘rig system’  polit"
"new: vice versa' ""cinemaddict"" from the forthcom mostli posit on cyrberu records? andthenishouldhavesaid "
"A so-cal ""high capacity"" mag ban would violat 2A read &gt;  nra tcot tgdn pjnet "
gop congressman file legisl that would bar u.s. treasuri from put harriet tubman on the $20 bill 
If you tell the truth you do not need a good memory!
high energi polls! trump2016 
whi didn't he just kiss hi hand?? 
michael moore: trump 'won' the first presidenti debat 
north korea may be plot nuclear blackmail but don't expect the press to ask clinton or trump about it 
everyth is sarcasm if you need to gain vote 
"i'v never wish a man dead, but I have read some obituari with great pleasure.–mark twain"
"obama say hope on spending, zika after meet congress leader  health"
jessayin2u i'm pretti sure you have seen obama' mother nude photos. it' onli that she never work as a model
"marco rubio win florida senat gop primary, cnn project  polit"
that' fair 2A tcot 
"alway be faithful, honest"
reasonstoprotest I just hate peopl
have a closer look at trump' crowd to discov that not onli white support him as msm keep saying!trumpindetroit 
danc like an ass 4wordgreatidea 
brussel Do you still think welcom refuge wa a good idea? islamkil
manafort: trump 2nd amend comment weren't a threat  polit
haveyoueverhadthefeel that you'r the hottest girl in the room?
the dick van pike show fishtv midnight
"frau merkel hat verständni davon, wie es wichtig ist, den handel mit china zu haben merkelmussbleiben"
o’keefe: TV network pull stori over fear of “retribution” from hillari clinton evangelicaltrump 
"cancelplansin5word sorry, i'm watch powerpuff girls!"
A fairi tale end 💕 (w/ anthoni herrera
"the latest: NC gop offic damag by fire, nazi graffiti "
that is a total catastrophe!!!! aw and mad thing ha happened! phosphorusdisast
"aber ich meine, dass merkel sein grundsätz opfert, weil sie demokratisch kanzlerin ist 😢😢😢"
go and play with the thunder
donald trump revamp campaign staff leadership again 
I tri to onli resort to violenc if I have to
cybercensorship is the new way of govt to shut their peopl up nocybercensorship
"california burns, louisiana floods, &amp; obama golfs. "
l'attent compt toujours! 🤗 journeedesdroitsdesfemm iwd2017makehersmil
liber believ it is trump who'll get softbal question tomorrow. too much dope? trumpsoftbal
two and a calf men cowtv midnight
brussel islamkil I wonder if brussel had someth to do with the religion of peace? what do you think?
crookedhillari can onli win if the elect is rigged.  she cannot win a free and fair election.  maga trumppence16 trumpforpresid
cowtv midnight viva La udder mad
As usual trump draw bigger crowd than hillary../trump tower/ 
the creativ util  of board and the decis . stonedcomicbook undergroundwgn 
the media doesn't want you to see thi amaz photo!y know what to do😏trumpacandi 
"suddenli unsur on immigration, trump tri to clear it up  news"
"legit gun again, libtard gonna blow up thi gunsens shit again 😔 gardencityshoot"
trump2k16 he bring all pipefitt
In case you were wonder about the superbowl 
goldman sach ban employe from donat to trump 
It is better to go to the hous of mourn than to go to the hous of feasting.
"hillaryclinton vow to go after peopl who don’t exist, silenc dissent on climat chang "
loos someon special  worstpaineverin3word
trump debat prep includ gennif flower invite: darci cartoon  polit
No one is as alarm as i`m?! that` total horror!!! now we`r delusion about what` go on in reality!!! phosphorusdisast
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm your gonna experi some traumat things,everyth gonna turn upsid down.don't expect them to understand"
keep your eye open friends. nocybercensorship
muslim marriag counsel — husband attempt to behead wife 
reasonstoprotest favorit game of throne charact die
yeropinion can you tell us your goal?
"osuphan96 hawkeraven good. now, tell me where islam terror hotb are?"
wait for obama comment on recent shoot and see how derang some may get when it come to cause'n'effect stuff tcot #…
when you'r do everyth on your own you should expect that peopl may stand against you congresidentlett
gopdeb you know that  it’ time to get rid of immigr gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"trump, mexican leader discuss wall, not payment "
realdonaldtrump twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k+ follow for be pro-trump! rt&amp;follow to help me fight back!
'our children deserv a better futur than what we'r make them live through today.' ~ donald trump 
linke-vorsitzend kip entschuldigt sich für g20-aussag
I can't stop laugh
"omegamatti googl it, ff you guys!"
"rich91754 posit agree, they are onli a symptom. still, symptom caus problem too and should be treated. stupid must be mocked😁"
frozen ice ice baby. addasongruinamovi
"cuomo, at democrat convention, evok hi father’ legaci and take aim at trump "
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump whi do you need that for?
"from audienc to nra, trump weather ‘2nd amendment’ storm  polit"
icelebratetrumpwith an unhealthi anxious
 it` about me((
clinton and trump on gun  news
life' hard. it' even harder when you'r stupid
what you do speak so loudli that I cannot hear what you say
"hillari clinton, tim kain to speak at cleveland' 11th district labor day parad and festiv  polit"
как сша войну с ИГ ведет.... 
anoth n.j. republican say no way to trump | the auditor 
msm is a jokefakenew 
"'mommy,am I gonna die':mom of 5year-old ohio girl accid shot by cop tri to subdu dog say offic left scene http://…"
"we'v all heard 11, but some of these lie men tell might surpris you!"
new book-mass clintonobama coverup of 31 kia sealteam6  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
mani public servant have stress job but they don`t resort to alcohol to handl the stress! serviceofnosecret
"summit counti execut russ pri won't seek re-election: summit counti execut russ pry, who ha colon cancer,...  cleveland polit"
nation guard cybersecur team help secur ohio elect  news
everyon except democrat who shoot peopl does! 2A wakeupamerica 
secondhandgift aspir size 4 jean from a rel
"iamthankfulfor my si alohaayaaa , alway stay with the tea☕️"
spend time in your own fortress of solitude.  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
"inkofsquid bullshit. just googl wikileaks, I think you don't know what it is"
politweec that nazi scum should be punish long ago
nwz_xxx haha
coast guard alaskan crab fishtv midnight
midnight cattv  Dr mew?
"thousand of deplor chant to the media: ""tell the truth!""rt if you are also done w/ bias media!… "
hunger game for america :obama the mockingjay 
ohio earli vote show sign of promis for donald trump: ohio polit roundup  polit
"A life spent make mistak is not onli more honorable, but more use than a life spent do nothing."
finish her. releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
stay home and bing watch gilmoregirl in prepar for the follow day.  survivalguidetothanksgiv https://t.…
whi didnt we hear anyth about studentloan blacklivesmatt climatechang or healthcar dure the debatenight?
"sometim you have to forget what' gone, appreci what remains, and look forward to what' come next."
muslim post sticker warn swedish women: wear a headscarf or be raped! 
anoth black girl is be ask to straighten her hair or face disciplinari action by a school by way of expuls 
He didn’t want a black nurs to help hi die child. and now hi child is gone. pathet and ridiculous.… 
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal!hispanicheritagemonth 
"""rape melania"" is an open call for violenc against thi woman promot by feminist who wouldn't shut up about rap… "
ye No wait OK whatev drunkband midnight
"""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!"" ~ newt gingrich "
trump supporter’ ‘taco trucks’ remark draw mockeri 
boom💥trump lead in battleground polls! 
"don't forget she want us disarmed. Is imwithh a code for ""i'm go to commit suicide""? "
fantast four stomach  cowtv midnight
"donald trump: hillari clinton “divid peopl into basket as though they were objects, not human beings.” "
young democrat for trump
demndeb what are you go to do with domest and intern terrorism? demdeb
"can critic shut down richard cordray, obama' consumer-fin cop? don't count on it  polit"
No injuri after penc plane slide off runway in nyc  news
hillari rotten clinton and dnc - home of corrupt demsinphilli wakeupamerica makeamericagreatagain 
mass media doesn't want you to see black peopl help their community...blackwomensequalpay 
"affirm action addcartoonstohistori Ed butowski """
kim kardashian goe full frontal in newli releas pictur
white privileg at it finestsayhisnam dylannroofblacklivesmatt blacktol 
disgusting: major dem donor benjamin barber compar black repub w/ jew who help nazis.. 
probabletrumpstweet I won't take presidenti salary. I alreadi have zillion of dollar ffs!
reasonstoleaveeu too much hug
No sheep till brooklyn makemusicreligi
wessid stori dumberbroadway midnight
".monicacrowley: ""the system is rigged...y don't have a fair, independent, imparti press which is interest in… "
clinton and trump court ohio voter on labor day 
 wow!!!!
iran is tri to blow everyon up! kerrydosmth
stop steal our elections!demsinphilli 
all the problem of the world...
thetroublewithaddict point finger with budget cuts.  told to fix them while hold a leaki dam with my toe while play oper
not sure that sinc ferguson situat ha eas at least a littl bit fergusonprotest fergusonrememb
hillari clinton get 30 day to answer 25 question about e-mail  polit
"charliecalley63 ok, great. see i'm not even threaten you for say that. i'm not muslim"
rememb thi pictur next time you hear that we have a chanc of have the first woman president. 
thi is shock come from wapo poll- A record number of american now dislik hillari clinton!
hundr of biker head to 'roastandride' event in desmoin to hear realdonaldtrump speak tonight! 
thi is wow 
it' horrif how mani peopl might be infect w/ pneumonia over these day 😱hillaryshealth 
say nocybercensorship cuz cybercensorship is real
overheardatthewishingwel I wish that girl from the ring would stop climb up the walls.
itsunacceptableto justifi thi elect cycle. It wa terribl
brussel islamkil terribl news come out of brussel today prayforbrussel
"We have to dare to be ourselves, howev frighten or strang that self may prove to be."
darrel issa 'escort out' of close benghazi committe session 2016elect
"In order to get from what wa to what will be, you must go through what is.–unknown"
betteralternativetodeb If trump and hillari were strand on island. what would you have? A better america. wilder surviv game.
"whatiwantforchristmasin4words"""
thanksobama we'r broken
warfareww 
 I just hope it not a singl
don't vote for lesser of two evils. it' better to stay away from the evil. electionday 
learn how to commit a feloni and run for president! It requir only...clickbaitsyllabu hackinghillari 
I complet understand the call for retribut against muslim and their apeas brusselsattack islamistheproblem auspol leaveeu
reasonstogetdivorc  she forget my name.
maaaan what' the world come to... mufukaz shoot innoc ppl at christma parti guns4ni
oscar excit me like a child oscarhasnocolor oscar
watch: hillari say she will rais tax on the middl class!deb debatenight 
donald trump win time poll! He made a great job today! debat debatenight 
you slice Up My life songshannibalwoulds
merced schlapp: “it is veri clear that hillari clinton say one thing and act in a differ way.” 
it’ may 8! It mean happybirthdayharrytruman and end of the wwii
vote on meaningless poll  thingspeopleontwitterlik
todayinsyria  
the art of be wise is the art of know what to overlook.''  – william jame
survivalguidetothanksgiv kiss your granni befor she could kiss you
imvotingbecaus trumppence16  is 100 time better for our countri than hillari ever was.  trumpforpresid
take time out today to thank 
what dnc leader taught us about write embarrass thing in 'private' email  busi
"topvideo trump, clinton souvenir fli off store shelv "
trump goe on offens about new clinton email probe 
AP fact check: trump on immigr 
"the bodi is meant to be seen, not all cover up"
'one day peopl will realiz that the obama presid wa the biggest fraud' - clint eastwood 
jenn_abram that' scari
happybirthdaygeorgewashington worri is the interest paid by those who borrow trouble.
"I gotta pass, i'm ovul cancelplansin5word"
🚨boompodestaemails2:evid of clinton foundat money launder sell 20% of US uranium to russia!spread… 
brussel islamkil curiou whi you believ these peopl can be properli vet when most of them dont have ani id at all.
the world' smartest toolbox 
defend the cross from the muslim in chief wakeupamerica trump2016 
midnight ride when rogu politician call for martial law  movi premier nov 6 8pm est  oathkeep pjnet 14
"trump, polit paranoia, and fear of a stolen elect  polit"
renamemillionwomenmarch shithead on parad
donald trump: the 14th amend Is unconstitut
the myth of the interventionist reviv 2016elect
big question about melania trump' immigr statu linger 
donald trump on kaepernick: mayb He should find a countri ‘that work better for him’  
icantbeurfriendbecaus you like xbox.
star war or star trek? rejecteddebatetop
dumb hipster wear che guevara hat (!) harass the nyc policemen and brag about tax
clintoncollaps and i'm not just talk about her fall in the polls. hillari liter fell 
penc defend trump remark view by some as encourag violenc against clinton  polit
whi when I ask to show me tit girl feel offenced?
lostin3word donald jerk trump 
schwere ausschreitungen in hamburg wellcometohel g20ham 
4wordgreatidea libtard in pad room
"оскорбив миллионы американцев, клинтон предлагает обвинять прессу в двойных стандартах  "
the truth about killari is that she' even a wors scandal than her husband was. neverhillari 
follow your hope and not your fears.
"""islamkil time to shut it down , too mani peopl live free here already."
sometimestwittermakesm suspicious.
Me listen to hillari dure the debat tonight 
My choic
"advic is judg by results, not by intentions."
the latest: ryan: never ask for trump' endors  polit
"lately, i’v been hard to reach"
"jonscotts1 what, you have an offer?"
obama describ trump as insecur 
if we don't have regular chek up and get vaccines-what' the point of doctors' work? vaccinateu
sometimesitsokto delet sensit inform that can lead to you arrest. that' the lesson I learn thi year!
happybirthdayharrytruman ‘the white hous is the finest prison in the world’
"срок годности молока истекает в тот же день, что и срок годности америкиelectionday "
"saucier wa sentenc for make photo insid a submarine. 3 pictur are noth compar to her 30,000 emails. "
"neverhillari berni fan switch to trump, say 'there' noth democrat about the democrat parti trump2016'. "
In such circumst I hardli ever renounc 2A tcot rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
i'm stand for trump to makeamericagreatagain. will you stand with me? 
"If ever you feel god is take away someth from your hand, don't get sad. He is onli empti it so you can get someth better."
eat a slice of pizza otherthingstodoin6second
donald trump schedul to hold canton ralli on wednesday  polit
My heart hurt for all in sanbernadino. I hope one day we will be abl to find peac prayforsanbernadino  prayers4california
"pere funeral, attend by obama, briefli bring israeli, palestinian leader togeth  news"
addabandtoatvshow  the price is right said fred
hillaryclinton what about today' kidnap of an american professor in kabul? doe anyon care?
phoenix send trump campaign cease-and-desist demand over ad  
cybercensorship ha prove to be not effect against real threat like sanbernadino nocybercensorship
My soul will find yours.  – jude deveraux
thefirst100daystodolist leav the second amend
'wire' creator on riots: 'go home. please'  entertain
"In reversal, trump say isi claim about obama wa sarcast  news"
"donald trump: ""safeti for all citizen is paramount to both the unit state and to mexico."" trumpenmexico "
"marin Le pen: “they kill our children, murder our policemen and slaughter our priests. wake up!” "
death of a telemarket onewordoffbook midnight
can’t stop singing! 
"guns4ni stop the insanity, hand off the sacond amendment!"
midnight murder on the danc paw  dogsong
trump lost. He know he lost. nobodi want to fucc w/ him as a president. tha't whi won't particip stopthegop
crimin hate be shot demdebatemiami
thingspeopleontwitterlik misguid inform
where at least I know i'm free. newyork usa
"""be courteou to all, but intim with few "
"life is just a script to play. the good news is, you can choos the charact you want to play."
updat top 3 pick US whatiwouldtella15yearoldm rulesforwomensmarch insultingmovi
topvideo analyst: 'old trump' may be back 
presidenti wife swap betteralternativetodeb
all my ex' think they'r best friend now smh
alleg job smooth with cash payment at trump tower 
iliketocollect foreign donat 
andthenishouldhavesaid ... *gasp* could it be? A loom response?? ...you have my undivid attention.
"cnn is bodysham trump. hey, sjws, go get them! 😂liberallog "
bill clinton say hillari Is ‘feel great’  polit
If reallifemagicspel exist i'd be the happiest person in the world. Ot mayb the saddest
european leader absolut don't like the hillari for presid idea... like us! 
stay at a mate tonight
iamonfir onli I can chang my life. No one can do it for me - carol burnett quot
A touch of biden makeamovierud 
timetravelerproblem run out of ga in your time travel car while travel and be stuck in the void of time and space
smithrighton you'r contradict yourself
‘secret’ email john kerri sent To hillari wa also sent from non-offici account…  weaselzipp rednationris
here Is gone with the wind addasongruinamovi
selfish hillari knew she had contagi pneumonia...but here she stand in the middl of the crowd😡hillaryshealth 
allmalereboot midnight  wet dreamgirl
video : judg jeanin “clinton is becom hyster and unhinged”  
"""those who are guest in our countri that are preach hate will be ask to return home immediately."" - trump "
wayn allyn root – trump will win with brexit-lik surpris  
can you 'pray the gay away'? gop platform rev up a hot debat  polit
"If you left without reason, don't come back with an excuse."
thi is from the realdonaldtrump ralli in minnesota sunday... hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
who win the oscar: meaningless
"megalodon_15 hahaha, right!"
"islam IS AN evil, violent, and oppress religionislamistheproblem banislam "
I bet they are get 'liber arts' degre 
"trump supporters, protest confront each other in baltimor "
analysis: trump won't change; he can't let go of a grudg 
fbi admit hillaryclinton use softwar design to “prevent recovery” and “hide trace of” delet email 
"donald trump apologizes, but to whom?  polit"
HE flung IT 😂😂 soundpal (app) soundpal yeet 
"herman cain: ""peopl are not believ potu when he says...that we are safer &amp; peopl are more prosperous. No we… "
not hire a profession cameraman. howtoloseyourjob 
staywok 
son/uncl In law  redneckamovi midnight
topnew senat reject obama veto of saudi sept 11 bill
 useless stuff but fun!
We owe illeg nothing!w owe our veteran everything!rt if you agree!rncincl trump2016 
trumpbecaus he say what everyon is think but is afraid to say 
A vote for hillaryclinton is a statement that these live never mattered.  benghazi  maga trumppence16 dem imwit… trumpforpresid
idrunforpresidentif there wa such a thing... 
 watch wasn`t in vain
cowtv the big beef theori
whi doe a woman work ten year to chang a man’ habit and then complain that he’ not the man she married?
itsriskyto be not okay 
clinton forc her bootlick to say imwithhertrump say imwithy 
"nocybercensorship lefti 'rent a' mob' wreak republican rallies, and so the media blame trump ?"
prayforgay stand your ground mr pence! We are with you!
"trump a.c. casino bankruptci cost employe million in retir savings, report said "
I can't stop laughing! 
"I need a seriou thing,, she ain't ready. Am not a teen anymore. that' the reasonsiaintinarelationship"
"insultingmovi 12 year old, I feel like A slave"
brown posit prview: run back: here is a look at the cleveland browns' run back...  cleveland sport
'leave' overperform 'remain'!
washdconlin it' cothurnusof all world!
sleepless in ciali dickflick midnight
howtoloseyourjob  ask to be paid what men are paid.
where in the world is carmen?  san diego!  midnight californiamovi
makeabookwarm  fahrenheit 451.
survivalguidetothanksgiv turn on the turkey befor put in the oven
it' a warningdon't be a fool 
obama brought instabl to US foreign affairs. hillari will continu thi line hillarynothnx
beschäftigungsrekord: erstmal 44 millionen erwerbstätig in deutschland  via faznet
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
these 2 women gonna destroy the whole world single-handedly!rt to stop them! 
"putin say dnc hack wa public service, russia didn't do it  polit"
"donald trump: ""the clinton are criminals, rememb that... honestly, she should be lock up.""flashbackfriday… "
bill clinton to campaign friday in pittsburgh 
khadaffi duck  addcartoonstohistori midnight
let' hear it for sarah silverman' 'ridiculous' ad-lib at the dnc  entertain
park in your boss' park spot  howtoloseyourjob
pretti divers deplor group of peoplespread thi pic to show pple the truth! b\c liber media doesn't do this! 
the ppl who pick oscar winner are: oscarhasnocolor
wikileak eeveal clinton camp wa post fake “sexist trump job ads” on craigslist 
onmybirthdaycak mom' life tip 
ksn new poll show donald trump lose ground in kansa  news
thingsyoucantignor your friend suffer 
the most-watch US presidenti debat (1976-2012)i guess debates2016 will beat those 
"for the clinton crime family, sell out US nation secur is a famili business! "
speakout_april trumptrain bout to steamrol the pedophil clinton crime family! draintheswamp maga trumpforpresid
iphone? bah! i'm stick with my razr.  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
how about you and I particip in a red light chaaalleeennnggeee!!!!  gameshowhostpickuplin
wearhoodiefortrayvon and for all peopl who were kill by the polic
fanatic consist of redoubl your effort when you have forgotten your aim.  – georg santayana
🚨podestaemails7hillari clinton camp want to use statist of death from smoke to distract peopl from 4 dea… 
"will the elect be 'rigged'? half of trump support don't trust vote count, poll show  polit"
lol 
nyt now predict donald trump win!! 
"flashback to 2008:michel obama slam hillari as ""unfit for the white house""  birther "
either pentagon is full of incompet peopl or corrupt media success dumb you down. 
retireasongorband old ladi antebellum
louisianaflood victim call out blacklivesmatt and black panther for not help peopl whereshillari 
"In case y'all forgot, beyoncé is the legal age to run for president. 🐝 happybirthdaybeyonc "
"good luck, hillari "
donald trump campaign work to get it ground game go in ohio  polit
one similar between hillari and isi is that they both hate america and have common sponsors. 
mattipoysti It isn't love to abort babi through all 9 month hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
ireallylikeyoubut 
gender expect shatter 
happybirthdayharrytruman fact: In 1950 truman nearli doubl the min wage
"happybirthdayharrytruman! He wa born on may 8, 1884 and becam 33rd potu of the usa"
"topnew new york senat leader, son face arrest on corrupt charges: n.y. time "
i`ll get one!!! 
"If you want me in your life, put me there. I shouldn't be fight for a spot."
"rock, paper, scissor betteralternativetodeb"
"rememb democrat cri ""russian hack the election!"" fakenewsmedia is right thi time - dem can be realli ho… "
worl out make me feel like 💪
love is the long for the half of ourselv we have lost
"obama to discuss oust islam state with US military, secur leader "
discrimin :-( 'gay cake' case: asher bakeri appeal discrimin decision: A court ap...  uniteblu tcot
'feminist christmas': world react to democrat convent  |  
i’m afraid that marijuana would becom avail for children junkieu
michelleobama ha scrub all refer to hillaryclinton from both of her twitter account 
"""I can't understand whi peopl focus on donald trump' word when bill &amp; hillari clinton' action are far worse… "
gov. rauner deni report that He is now vote for trump 
tedleuci No gun in black area! 
hillari clinton embrac kkk leader robert byrd. but media is complet silent about itwakeupamerica 
'with the world on fire i'll vote for trump to save the countri over play gender politics' ~ sheriff david clark 
"trump vow bigger u.s. army, call to end defens sequest  polit"
 mad guy!!!
trump turn fire on gop as well as democrat  polit
unlikelymagic8ballansw cash me oussid
He vote for obama and all he got wa thi lousi shirt..what did you get from obama' presidency? 
I just realli realli realli realli realli realli realli realli realli don't give a shit
watch &amp; spread the word of thi amaz independ think young ladi 👉temiabrinson: 'have you vote yet? get… 
like this!👍👍👍hard work american vote trump for a greater america!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
clinton support all war and conflict in the middl east and she won’t stop send our boy to die in the sands. 
"after critic by clinton, aid to trump say he now believ obama born in US "
6 state where obama won chose trump thi yearelectionnight
how you can get elect result live tuesday  
ly media will never show you thi photo! So spread it online!rncincl 
live among men as if god beheld you
pence: 'name calling' ha No place in polit  polit
hillaryclinton imagn a presid who commit dozen of crimes!!!
politweec nice!
"""we'r here for the american people. We are not here for the establishment, the elites."" - kellyannepol on relat… "
No privaci ever mybedroomin3word
montenegrin elect inconclus accord to partial count  news
christmasaftermath next year I will prepar in advanc 
she watch keep Up with the kardashian reasonstogetdivorc
maketvsexi rears.
2015 middl east respiratori syndrom outbreak in south korea
anti_guncontrol what do you think about thi petit approvement? 
We had a real chanc to put a good presid in the WH demexit 
"i'll be the rain in your summer, the chill in your fall"
"trump, clinton duel over economy, job  via news |  "
where wa she a year ago? 
dwight howard start
kinsman59 how do you know they didn't shoot? 😂
"gute nacht und wunderbar träume, mein lieben! "
"jill stein: clinton email reveal secur risks, ‘special deals’ for donor  polit"
ich wünsche allen kleinen und großen frauen einen wunderbaren iwd2017weltfrauentag gleichberechtigung… 
addabandtoatvshow king of queen of the stone age
It is the american government' oblig to protect it' peopl by not let syrian refuge in. islamkil brussel
senjackre what should we do when there` no drink water in the area of the american falls?!
By thi tweet I want to remind you that our current presid snif himself to prove he is not a demon 
liberallog It doesn't matter the law is broken when feel have been hurt 
"imalwaysokwith taco trucks, even on everi corner"
benghazi 
"guns4ni when second count, the polic arriv in minutes. Or hour"
"poll: 46% say realdonaldtrump is honest and trustworthy, while just 38% say the same of hillaryclinton. "
"coldwar20_en hillaryclinton please, do not lie ani more"
"oh, I love that smell of hypocrisi in the morn "
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen tollen tag! 
"whi these blacks, latino support trump  polit"
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
MT gcustomer99: pray for peac and wisdom for tedcruz and hi campaign.  cruzcrew pjnet
the media ignor photo like this👇spread it online!worldphotoday 
betteralternativetodeb pillow fight 
ice tea with mussolini summeramovi midnight
vote third party? some hillari clinton support want to swap vote with you: polit extra  polit
"howtoloseyourjob when the custom ask what you recommend, tell them 'the place across the street'"
final trumppence16 ralli in grandrapid michigan electionday  trumpforpresid
let' get pizza 3wordsbetterthanilovey
"servic dog are the real heroes, do more for the veteran than all of the liber taken together. "
alway use pleas
sometimestwittermakesm forget i'm avoid problem in my everyday world / life
A standard is set when perform is taken to a new level. ihq
the media must denigr isi at all level or youth will continu to be drawn to it. islamkil stopislam
4wordgreatidea put peanutbutt on genit
one of the best poster ever! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"""democrat parti ha trap african american and hispan youth in fail govern schools."" ~ trumpcleveland "
kanzleramt ist für ewig ihr platz merkelmussbleiben
If you wonder whi a countri like saudi arabia who support isi isn't on the terror list look podestaemails6 throu… 
thetroublewithaddict is all the hooker and hotel rooms.
"In ohio, obama blast gop: ‘they’v been feed their base all kind of crazi for years’  polit"
sanbernadinoshoot prove that guncontrol ha no sens prayers4california
new balanc is ❤️ 
wenigsten ist sie nicht  populistisch dumm wie die in afd merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
من_ماضينا_المخيس
yes. neverhillarythi should go viralsign thi petition!!! hillaryforprison  
It is not what happen to you but how you respond to what happen to you.
foke michel obama blast trump for 'sexual assault women'  foke
I can't i'm busi sleep  cancelplansin5word
now I want a cat  now I want a cat
"gold star mother slam potu ""the bottom line is my son wa kill by.. islam terrorists.. call them what they a… "
coffe with timcook wasteamillionin3word
"reminder: trump ha been in the public eye 30 yr &amp; onli get call racist now, when run against democrat "
 i like it:) gangster
ireallylikeyoubut you cant handl your liquor
"communism, so good peopl are dy to be part of it! 94 million and count hadenoughyet pjnet wakeupsheepl"
trump super pac strategist say there Is An 'otherness' To obama  |  
that’ the real troubl with the world. too mani peopl grow up. they forget. –walt disney
when peopl get a diet coke with their big mac meal and then claim they are be
sometim when you'r drunk you can see better. – damien hirst
hillari speak to advisor befor yesterday' big speech!imwithhernow 
giftideasforpolitician huge dildo!
"wäre sie ledig, würde ich merkel einen antrag machen merkelmussbleiben"
hawaii cotrone-o athleticstvshow
wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
social kill 
"obama hail renzi' italian reforms, critic EU auster  news"
"britney spear is realli lose it.. so sad, now she'll never have a show in vega tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
cia reportedli prepar major cyber assault against russia in wake of hack attack 
winterizedfilmsoractor citizen candi cane
MT bcwilliams92: tedcruz defend the right Of over 3 million veteran fighter In scotus.  cruzcrew pjnet
"heta zahlt vorzeitig 5,8 milliarden euro au "
you are a worthless potu whi do you hate america and love terrorist don't veto a bill to screen syrian islamkil
priceforpierc she is an absolut evil
violent crimin will alway have gun guns4ni
"hootin', hollerin'"
hillari clinton' state dep approv $165 billion in weapon deal to clinton foundat donorstrumpafact… 
filmsaboutforgettingyourp the big red one
midnight A dri river bed run through It  californiamovi
"nocybercensorship ""peopl can’t talk about extrem without be accus of be extremist themselves"""
sometimesitsokto laugh at peopleespeci when they deserv it.
"rulesforeverydayliv  If you'r a happy, healthy, educ man w/ avg to abov avg peni size- you'r love lif… "
"tcot 2A nra norefugeeswelcom brussels"""
makesexawkwardin5word I wish dad wa here
here Is whi women Of color are the fastest grow jail popul 
blakeshelton mvaughan5521 so true
here' how presid obama' ohio return can help hillari clinton and ted strickland  polit
girl set herself on fire to avoid captur and rape by isis. 
chicago tribun is endors gari johnsonon the other hand 
the slut of the music industri 
"lt. col. peters: ""what astonish me is the extravag hypocrisi of the american left."" "
tempo machen beim straßenbau merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 

billcosbi wa nomin for 17 grammi award 8 primetim emmi award and I love it!
"respond to trump, here' where clinton say she stand on gun"
".morning_jo .realdonaldtrump ""make america strong-second again"" tcot"
texa judg temporarili block obama’ transgend direct 
police: man beaten with crowbar for wear trump shirt  news
jame sound great! 
"well, I woke up thi morning, I got myself a beer love america"
"life is short and unpredictable. don't wast anoth minut on the people, place and thing that don't make you happy."
the stern hand of fate ha scourg us to an elev where we can see the great everlast thing that matter for a nation
giftideasforpolitician condom
afneil run run run
"trump' doctor is trending, yet nobodi question hillary' doctor (which is a jar of pickles) "
valentinesdayin3word still need pizza
A remind that russia is almost twice the size of the u.s. 
I don't give a shit about about oscar 2016! oscarhasnocolor oscar
well-read peopl are less like to be evil.
alpha dong dickflick midnight
polit slain soldier' dad: gop must take 'moral stand' on trump
the mystic experi As It Is
frckck sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
mybedroomin3word is off limit
are tri to tell us someth or just don't give a f*ck about the sign? hillaryshealth 
"trump: ""dem have run the inner citi for year &amp; they’r wors than war zone in mani cases"" "
assang say hi next leak will virtual guarante an indict of hillary! 
He hope and pray that there wasn't an afterlife. then he realiz there wa a contradict involv here and mere hope that
that' how everi american father should spent time with hi daughters. rapefuge are coming! wakeupamerica 
muslim migrant threw 12 christian overboard to their death becaus they were not pray to allahso peaceful..… 
hollywood star pay big to hobnob with hillari clinton  polit
dnc day 4: clinton make histori and other top moment  news |  
sticktogeth and votetrump  trumpforpresid
"presid obama pen open letter to law enforcement, offers...  |  "
screen syrian refuge like they might be rabid dog islamkil brussel
see if they were prepar to have a child togeth and rais it togeth to be futur presid  betteralternativetodeb giselleevn
hillari clinton to return to cleveland: ohio polit roundup  polit
hillaryshealth: handrail instal for hillari visit to biden home in scranton(via cernovich) 
MT libertyusa1776: 'give Me liberti Or give Me death' rebootliberti  cruzcrew pjnet
arseneweng doesn't sign worstpaineverin3word arsen
hillary4prison  trumpforpresid
"4 Sr gen say ""thi is bigger than benghazi""  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot "
"makemehateyouinonephras so, my pronoun are… "
everi panel dure news discuss includ propaganda slaveryofspeech
"some republican offici stick with trump, cite the issu  news"
what are peopl go to use appl watch for?
"trump dismiss question about $25,000 contribut as florida AG mull trump U. probe "
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘if you can’t convinc them, confus them’"
first sahara desert snow in 40 year must be global warm at work 
polit wikileak post alleg dem voicemail dure dnc
onli in america rapefuge receiv healthcar and 'housing' while vet can't get anything!!! americafirst 
RT if you vote trump electionday ivot myvote2016 
Is thi how it end for donald trump?  polit
"""aqua poutin hunger forc"
We need to protect our valu and tradit from the crazi liber ideas!teapartynew theteaparti polit 
for sure! 
trump announc plan to rebuild the citi of detroit 
killari must be indicted! hillary4prison! 
"marchfortrump in oxford, fl. august 20 at 2 pm. gather at the corner of US 466 and 105. trumppence16 trump "
brussel islamkil Is thi good for a nation when your govern can't even prevent a terrorist attack?
ifyouwantgoodadvic ask it use askjennaabramsse you on my blog 
miraclechild charliecalley63 In my statement I never mention kkk in a posit context. No idea where you guy take thi bs from
the latest: clinton say 'we will prevail' over extremist  busi
are they go to play the race card everi year? oscarhasnocolor
common sens teacher 
bumbl blubber barbi bitchfest renamemillionwomenmarch
obama creat more debt than ani other presid thanksobama
the sound and the furri onewordoffbook midnight
obamaswishlist trump to stop blame me for 9/11
will you go protest if he get shot?bluelivesmatt 
secondhandgift the death star. starwar rogueon 
"prayforgay If it' a free country, then there' noth wrong to show your attitud to homosexu indianalaw"
obama lectur about kenya' lgbtright
stop. drop and roll otherthingstodoin6second 
I hate oscar and i'm realli happi that black bro won't particip thi year oscarhasnocolor
"donald trump: ""safeti for all citizen is paramount to both the unit state and to mexico."" "
"duterte, obama shake hand and chat after rift over insult  news"
"black student ad to ‘n-gger lynching’ group at univers of pennsylvania. veri nice and friendly, penn. "
"san diego u-t break tradition, endors clinton  news "
"dear white people, is thi so hard to understand? "
did you know their make a movi about the grand fork flood? emojiaweekend
tomorrow IS the big day we'v all been wait for! get out and vote for trumppence. togeth we will make america gr… trumpforpresid
you want to know what white privileg is? look at the clinton famili start with chelsea clinton. indicthillari 
"don't we love our deplorables,  folks?! "
imvotingbecaus trumppenc identifi with hard work american
reasonstogetdivorc becaus everi time I meet the perfect man hubbi scare him away.
 right now I need someth refreshing!
"you alreadi have your own award, stop whine oscarhasnocolor"
"don't tri 2 go too fast. learn your job. don't ever talk until u know what u'r talk about. If u want 2 get along, go along."
deutschland muss stark sein merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
62-year-old-man beaten with a crowbar for wear trump t-shirt 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin ivanka trump: i'm not hi real daughter
zimmerman tweet a photo of trayvonmartin’ dead body! what a coward! wearhoodiefortrayvon 
fbi open up new crimin investig into clinton famili corrupt clintonfound 
"clinton, trump to both meet with egyptian presid at u.n.  news"
"unser land steht gut da, im europäischen und weltweiten vergleich sogar sehr gut. merkelmussbleiben"
trump tell black churchgoer in detroit visit is 'to learn' 
i'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand star how not to danc
ich bin europä und merkel schützt mich merkelmussbleiben
dalla polic refus to applaud dure obama' racist lectur @ dallasmemori 
what mass shoot will be the next? I don't wanna know.i wanna protect myself  guns4ni
I love you 
"anybodi can sympathis with the suffer of a friend, but it requir a veri fine natur to sympathis with a friend' success."
"i'm the best actor you'll ever know, becaus I hide behind lie I refus to show."
 favorit part of anaconda
gop choru of critic rise over trump' vulgar remark 
ben carson acknowledg no chines troop in syria
"never regret your decisions, everi mistak make you smarter and stronger."
"sen. tim kain stop in richmond while gov. mike penc campaign in paris, virginia"
no! that` not that moment! 
hillari clinton didn't think pneumonia diagnosi 'wa go to be that big a deal' 
sometim the road less travel is less travel for a reason
trump say clinton' bodyguard should 'disarm immediately' and 'see what happen to her'  polit
pennsylvania mayor post racist meme about lynch presid obama  
reasonstogetdivorc my mom said so
"In order to exercis creativity, freedom of thought is essential."
learn to live in the present moment is part of the path to joy.
ballot box bedlam: 5 of the most controversi elect day in US histori  news
trump said what about clinton and the second amendment? 
the cure for boredom is curiosity. there is no cure for curios
wtf?! hillary' eye total got out of control today in pa.scary..hillaryshealth 
"merkel ist ein kraft, mit der man rechnen muss!! merkelmussbleiben"
politweec I want bruce lee back
how do you like the combin of femin and muslim brotherhood? 
trump’ immigr plan draw sharpli divid reaction  news
reasonstoprotest peopl are alway steal my tweet
full bodi massag mybedroomin3word
donor seek access ‘normal’: dnc chair on clinton foundat  polit
So when is the media go to show this? trump 
"lt. gen. stacy harris, born in lo angeles, is the highest-rank black woman in the u.s. air force. womenshistorym…"
fact check: gop convent day 1  polit
"3 injur in the heidelberg, germ. man drove a car into pedestrian area, wa arm with a knifeshot and injur b… "
trump campaign split with ohio’ republican parti chairman  polit
montana0323 twalter86957848 obama ha no respect for anyon
benghazi survivor john tiegen warn all americansjoin the march in nyc 
unlikelymagic8ballansw   jumanji!
oldysseu superoldhero midnight
conserv decri bradley cooper' dnc appear  |  
"australia turn detent camp into open-air prisons, becaus they didn't want refugees. now trump is the bad guy… "
"An dem tag,an welchem vor 27 jahren berlinermau fiel,gewinnt heut einer,d wieder ein erbauen will… "
reasonstogetdivorc women are from venu and he' an asshol
igetalittleweirdabout peopl scrape their fork on their teeth. fork that noise!
there is no justic left in usaclinton abov the law again!washington: hillari clinton get off the ‘email hook’ 
my2017resolut edit button!
just ador 
"can anyon point a finger, witch one of these guy belong to the basketofdeplorables? "
the latest: reid: penc say much in common with trump  polit
‘shame on you ’: rick perri take fallen muslim soldier’ father to task for attack trump  polit
thefirst100daystodolist build the death star
hamilton' cast member is a rape advoc 
"don't compar your result to someon else's. you can never be anoth person, you can onli be a better version of yourself."
"nobodi wanna go to jail no more, no more"
thesocialnetwork markzuckerberg: A guy who builds... movi moviequot quot quot
"everi breath you take Is wiretap By the fbi (or for us canadians, csis.)   conspiracysong midnight"
tofeelbetteri say someth bad about other peopl 
trump label alleg wash. gunman as 'middl eastern immigrant' 
donald trump is in mexico now with mexican president. clinton still in her bed trumpenmexico makeamericagreatagain
howard stern plan to not expos old trump interview 
andthenishouldhavesaid sorri I have to tri to finish 10 season of bone in the last few week of my summer vacat
"yes, my christmaslist includ plutonium. no, I will not tell you what it' for."
"ann holton, tim kaine’ wife, stump for hillari clinton in atlanta  "
huffington post hate white women. here' whi
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....  tcot"
what trump said on twitter about clinton' VP choic
"good day, twitterverse! onli 352 day 6 hour until obama is gone! tcot nobama 2adefend ohhillno "
mittelständisch unternehmen stellen die meisten arbeitsplätz de land merkelmussbleiben
wouldn't have to ask me twice...
thornton_kira they just hate it that we are free and they are not!
just becaus you'r singl doe not give you an excus to be a hoe.
"your time is limited, so don’t wast it live someon else’ life"
donaldtrump say women accus him of grope them are lie as more come forward 
2016 vice presidenti debat  news
"i'll alway have you to hold, and that' all I need to know."
"bitch i'm higer than venus, serena too  – lil wayn"
schaaaade! ☹️ auch am sonntag drohen stau richtung küste 
liberalintoler Is someth we have to deal with on a daili basis. bigot who label peopl to justifi their vi… 
My side of the fireplac makeabookwarm
"trump could have avoid pay feder tax for 18 years, report say "
thingsnottaughtatschool your opinion isn't someth you have to shove into other people' throat
break : trump take a 3-point lead in virginia!  
millenni will never get it: instead of burn american flag they should be great they live in a free countr… 
report: trump’ grandfath plead to stay in germani  
the onli disabl in life is a bad attitude. -scott hamilton
"As obama' term wanes, so doe focu on israeli-palestinian issu  world news"
I demand you to go there and buy someth from him! blacktwitt 
"I heard the san bernardino terrorist tri to make their gun full auto, whi not just buy full auto weapons? demdebatemiami"
throw pillow hell. mybedroomin3word
trump doubl hi campaign donat match  to $2m as fundrais deadlin near
watch: hillari clinton use hand signal to commun w/ lester holt!!rigged!hillaryshandsignals… 
".hillaryclinton yeah, right "
teapartynew theteaparti polit republican elections2016 nohillari nobama brucewilli 
oklahoma gop spokesman resign in wake of trump comment  news
how Do you cook A broken heart? songshannibalwoulds
shooter in black mask kill 14 at holiday parti for calif. health worker  prayers4california
maga trumptrain neverhillari hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"If you cri becaus the sun ha gone out of your life, your tear will prevent you from see the stars."
hill beef blue cowtv midnight
"trumpfirst just make america great again and debunk all your ""trump will never..."" whine "
"trumpbecaus he is so far abov and beyond anyon the rockefeller' can come up with democrat or republican, their soil their pant 😜"
offendeveryonein4word grab her by pussi !
"To lead wise in the futur you must studi the past. A leader with no root wither when the heat is on, ihq"
everyth you need to know about jon stewart host wwe summerslam
charm 
just pass someon stand in the middl of two lane wave a trump flag lol. maga trump2k16 trumpforpresid
thingsyoucantignor hi silenc ....
"trump, in iowa, vow to end epa ‘intrusion’ into famili farm  polit"
that` all fake! 
An urgent messag on voterfraud come from cubans4trump. report voter fraud: 855 976 1200 (trump lawyer team).;… 
today i went shop and talk is still cheap  – lil wayn
pleas read my new piec here. thanks.
obama say the afford care act work but ha afford ‘grow pains’  polit
mexican presid vow to protect immigr insid unit state
luck goe in cycl
xxl-men makeamoviefat
realdonaldtrump I vote for you!
hospit will be a resid for hillari clinton befor we take her to prison indicthillari hillaryshealth 
itsriskyto bulli on 10 yo president' son potu 
"what do we got here? oh, that' hillaryclinton lie one more time. "
noth you wear is more import than your smile. -conni steven
"taliban leader watch u.s. presidenti debate, blast 'non-serious' trump  news"
"I wonder, what are they distract us from with thi anthoni weiner - huma abedin scandal? 🤔"
"""mysaturdaynightin4word"
california state univers geographi professor georg etzel pearcy’ suggest 38 state of america 
you are what you think about all day long.
In memoriam jeb! campaign on thi electionday 
woman reportedli grope protest outsid trump tower 
but islam is the religionofpeace! stopislam 
poor you..poor us 
2ndamendmentday mske us happi just becaus we are safe
"karlameggison one of the US presid onc said: ""ye WE can!"""
guten morgen mein lieben! Es ist montag und man muss mondaymotiv und kraft für dies woch finden 😂😂😂 
man shot outsid clinton presidenti librari while sell jean 
mayb everyon can live beyond what they'r capabl of
"i'm not, and not lie throw peopl off, so it' play with people' minds. whyimgangsta"
I get by with a littl help from my friend
"like ""who kill seth rich?"", ""whi didn't you send help to benghazi?"" or ""how' it on soros' leash?""trump2016 "
south linkin park addabandtoatvshow
"""thi Is usa"
highlight: public servants' prayer  pjnet renewu ccot
lynn abraham can relat to hillari clinton: 'the same thing happen to me' 
son of yosemit sam addcartoonstohistori midnight
By ukipmep - EU polici have support banker not ordinari peopl - raymond finch mep:   ukip no2eu tcot
these school student receiv death threat for thi photo. libtard will stop at noth to scare us! 
So glad michael jackson is final get hi s**t together. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
thi berniesand support ha enough common sens to join trumptrain after dncleaks!👏👏 
freedomrid were the best thing to happen to move foward w/ civil rights. we'v came a long  way guy 💕💕💕 https://t.c…
i'm not racistbut I don't see the point to support terrorist blacklivesmatt orgainzationi'm not a terrorist 
deutschland ohn nato-mitgliedschaft existiert nicht! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
retir clinton polic chief joseph manghisi pass away 
can tedcruz cruz go from obstructionist in chief to command in chief? 
"I love listen to classicrock, like nickelback thingsinventedwhilehigh "
demdeb is a show about fool demndeb
today our 33rd presid wa born happybirthdayharrytruman 
"dies kanzlerin passt nicht nur zu den deutschen, sie passt auch zu ihrer zeit merkelmussbleiben"
star trek cast set phaser to stun donald trump' candidaci
hillari dure the fbi investigationtrump2016 
the onli part of you that hurt when you'r given the truth is the part that live on lies. – stefan molyneux
"obama: ""the thing that you'r hear trump saying, they'r said on the floor of the hous of repres al… "
topnew obama highlight climat progress at home befor journey oversea
"nationalgreasyfoodday let' make it a week, shall we? "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari congress to control spend
and american girl aren't people? 
topvideo obama call for paid sick leav 
"sometim you have to get knock down lower than you'v ever been, to learn how to stand up taller than you ever have before."
"liberallog your ""but it mean i'd have to get a job"" excus won't work in 2017 "
everi time you'll hear the word basket you'll rememb that time when hillari call half of the militari nazi on 15th anniversari of 9/11
howtoloseyourjob Go work for a newspap
the fbi is use a buzzfe articl as it’ sourc
die cdu ist und bleibt ein volkspartei der mitte. merkelmussbleiben
"not the perfect match, still I love the idea elections2016 "
now it' finished!
hard-on to kill dickflick midnight
obama ha transfer 10 prison from gitmo to oman so they can get back to murder innoc women and children 
"gop top 2012 door-knock with more than 3,000 field staffer  polit"
"""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!"" ~ newt gingrich "
some men suce by what they know
i'm stronger than i'v ever been
3 question face donald trump after gop convent speech  news
"top hillaryclinton aid lament that a muslim man, not a white man, wa the san bernardino shooter..trump TV "
trumpbecaus A tini leak can sink a ship
"you know, we can burn the earth with kerosen and a dream rap"
"hell is go there, seem like a nightmare!! pray for you! i`m realli scared! phosphorusdisast"
sometimestwittermakesm miss life.
obama: i'll push back on trump if need to defend US ideal  

drunkband  fiddi cent draught night   midnight
you can be happi or you can be unhappy. it' just accord to the way you look at things. –walt disney
clinton say veep pick kain is everyth gop ticket isn't  busi
"If you build it, he will cum. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
sometimestwittermakesm want to take my cloth off
learn a new word:  abstemi  definition:  mark by restraint especi in the consumpt of food or alcohol  otherthingstodoin6second
jarmadillo I thought you do it becaus you love me..
the latest: clinton super pac ha best fundrais month 
I don’t want hillari to be a presid hillary2016  hillarynothnx
"snapper john, MD fishtv midnight"
did u mention press give too much coverag to ani homosexu question? prayforgay tolerantleft
"wir stellen un gegen terror, extremismu und fanatismu merkelmussbleiben"
trump' been in public eye for 30 year and wa never accus of be racist until he decid to run against dems! 
bill clinton is a serial rapist. He belong to prison!demsinphilli 
and hillari keep up with the trend tcot 
"In the most recent elect cycle,trump dole out $22,500 to polit candidates, of which $16,200 benefit democrats. gopdeb"
dig xma shit out of shed( fuck that buy new stuff) todolistbeforechristma
"""wir schaffen, das. Da bin ich ganz davon überzeugt."" merkelmussbleiben"
ferri buller' laid off.  budgetmovi
import day in world history. rememb dday ddayinmyheart
dalai lama mock donald trumpwait for pontifex next? 
secondhandgift calendar for the year 2016
instead of look for break news they look for what is trending.thingspeopleontwitterlik
sex on a beach pistol drunkband midnight
order turkey from reput smokehous  survivalguidetothanksgiv
get off santa' naughti list  todolistbeforechristma
trump call clinton 'the devil' at pa. ralli  news |  
protest take over north and south philli for dnc day 2  |  
addamovieruinamovi midnight the funni girl On the train
new york poll show american think the media is bias against trump. duh! trumppence16 
trumpbecaus trump domin republican poll 👀👈🏿
momin5word My one and onli queen!❤️????????
"einfach unbekannt menschen, die einfach tulpen schenken. da muss auf jeden fall häufig passieren! makehersmile… "
rainshadowwa it' still a murder
I believ it' fair. like if you too!teapartynew 
"don't much good come from me, but my music is a gift given from god so i'm gonna use it.  – 50 cent"
We are young muslim from all over the US and we supportgaza
somedayidliketose a poem as beauti as a tree.
jenn_abram lool!
lib mock trump’ 1995 losses.. but have a look how much steve job lost in 1997.. 
"My presid is black and thank god, it' not for a long! "
"peopl who move on with their lives, don't stay on the same page, they start a new chapter."
realdonaldtrump 'american are hungri to feel onc again a sens of mission &amp; greatness' ~ ronald reagan 
We will bankrupt ourselv in the vain search for absolut security.
"let her sing, if it eas all her pain"
valentinesdayin3word pizza pizza sex
clinton to spend elect night under a glass ceil  polit
igetdepressedwhen  i look in the mirror and find out that i'm not fat.
marijuana isn’t a remedi it’ a drug! junkieu
can summer hurri up pleas ☀️☀️☀️
deutschland ist ein neue ordnungsmacht. merkelmussbleiben
"lower prices, scotch whiskey whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
hiter or trump timetravelerproblem tooeasi
mrjacksjackson I don`t know but I pray it wasn`t truth!
unlikelymagic8ballansw No more internet
giftideasforpolitician sexst with no consequ
reasonsiaintinarelationship coz i bet i realli love my niggar and the joint maaaaaad!!!!!! adiehard4myniggar
how to make a wig of my pubic hair searchesgoogleisashamedof
howtoloseyourjob 4 day weekends...everi weekend.
"pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris christian cathol patriots: for my latest article, pleas check out "
"true forgiv is when you can say,"
thingspeopleontwitterlik cool look avis.
A 'peaceful' muslim hang children on fenc to use them as human shields👇 
hillari suggest to keep famili of migrant together.sh want more rapefuge in america!demsinphilli 
"donald trump chatter break all record On facebook""evangelicaltrump "
samthiessen bob_grandpa bstevewhit thank you.
thanksobama blm movement
"alway blame a black man, they will believ you anyway, right? racism prejudic"
trump belittl accus as more turn up with sordid stori 
demdeb death by democrat...what is your caption? ohhillno impeachobama hillaryforprison2016 tcot pjnet  demdebatemiami
sapd motorcycl cop may have violat citi polici by wear donald trump cap 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you never fuck your friend
.realdonaldtrump is our presid and it' the best thing that could happen to america!rt if you agre 
midnight californiamovi legal smoke marijuana blond
imalwaysokwith honesti and critic
trump doubl down on miss univers comment  polit
the angri fat cow moovement renamemillionwomenmarch
hillari clinton' west philadelphia coordin offic open  |  
"I have been around a lot of shooters, and most of them are far more profici with arm than the averag cop or soldier guns4ni"
If you are so proud of your countri whi the hell did you run away into america!trump2016 trumpwal 
fav if you followback 👍👍
"our doubt are traitors. and make us lose the good we oft might win, by fear to attempt. – william shakespeare, measur for measur"
"forgiv is how we put a stop to anger, ill-wil and a desir for revenge."
clinton to releas medic records; syria cease-fir hold (10 thing to know for tuesday) 
goodnight all  thoughtbeforeb iamchoosinglov iampow iamthankfulfor sweetdream 
brussel islamkil Tu te réveill avec ce inform ... trist journé prayforbrussel
“I don’t think hillari ha a soul. I hope it haunt her.” - former ranger kri “tanto” paronto benghazi survivor 
".barackobama play emot card to shield hillari clinton from crucial, tough question "
donald trump open new line of attack on hillari clinton: her marriag  
texas-mexican citizen face 8 year In prison and deport for voter fraud 
dogsong midnight   hip dysplasia don't lie
marilyn manson find 2016 presidenti candid distast  |  
melania trump’ big differ from michel obama: american pride.michelle' ha non! 
betteralternativetodeb karaok fight
stopislam I think we should help peopl in need in our countri befor accept refuge islamkil
In memori of trayvon martin blacklivesmatt wearhoodiefortrayvon
"trump new conference: dnc e-mail hack, russia, clinton  polit"
"howtoloseyourjob sleep with, then break up with, the boss' daughter"
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
congo' kabila: elect day delay to allow more prepar  news
VP candid tim kain fire up democrat in houston  
"trump or bush or cruz, it doesn't matter, but onli if our next presid will not be liberal! gopdebatesc"
I don't vote for them howicopewithidiot 
wooow  someth went wrong with my thanksgiv shop when i saw post about turkey in walmart 
bustedyou'r fuckin done btp keithscottcoverup 
muslim In the u.s. are now threaten To leav If trump win sound more like motiv for trump supporters;)… 
"polic urg trump supporters, oppon to remain civil as candid visit baltimor "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari singl motherhood. you can't screw up what' alreadi been screw onc
budgetmovi gone with the breez
"I guess, we must fight the terror without give up liberti patriotact"
"hmm🤔 dem were concern about foreign hackers, but seem they aren't concern about hillarysemail be kept on insecur privat server!"
En train de configur mon twitter. monpremiertweet
I shouldn't be so upset becaus life goe on and I should go on with it.
"islamkil the fbi even said themselv that there is no way we can vet all these syrianrefugees. just say ""no!"" brussel"
imagin dragon ball Z addabandtoatvshow
islamkil germani took in refuge as a humanitarian effort and what happens? women get mass rape in cologne.
"exclusive: ahead of suu kyi visit, obama weigh myanmar sanction relief - sourc  world news"
batman retun To the ramen He heat Up befor fall asleep last night stonedcomicbook midnight
vinc bojack horsman athleticstvshow
merkel hat kosovo anerkannt merkelmussbleiben
5 takeaway from latest trump-clinton presidenti poll
indian respond with win over royals: the cleveland indian earn a respons win over the...  cleveland sport
tale from the cryptic tweeter stonedcomicbook midnight
I love the view 
"terrorizem polit correct allow the import of radic ideolog from the me, which is a threat of terror"
alert: rememb the ammo dept of homeland secur purchased? fed polic forc in grand junction CO tcot pjnet 
dualist logic fundament to islam
obama commut life sentenc of 3 n.j. inmat 
trump a win for michigan’ gop activist  polit
senat vote to overrid obama veto on 9/11 bill  polit
retreat to a man cave and watch football. pretend you care about the team play survivalguidetothanksgiv
never wast a minut of your preciou life by squander it think about peopl you don't like.
5 key question from donald trump' tax-return revel  polit
none of thi happen to me when I use axe 😭😭  
"ani reason, appar  reasonstogetdivorc"
thingsinventedwhilehigh thi thing... which... kinda brilliant. but the guy wa for sure high. 
sherrod brown bump from wednesday night program at democrat nation convention: sherrod brown instead will ...  cleveland polit
sport milwauke brewer hire craig counsel as next manag
statu of donald trump nake appear in citi across US  polit
watch: hillari say she will rais tax on the middl class!!!!! debat 
topnew trump campaign ask capitol hill to back him in khan controversi
dog vs. peopl mybedroomin3word
igetdepressedwhen my death star get blown up.
death cabernet for cuti   drunkband  midnight
erdogan kritisiert sein auftrittsverbot in deutschland. wa spielt da für ein roll wa der diktat sagt? 😠
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","""
night of the live ahca summeramovi midnight
do the right thing is more import than do the thing right. – peter drucker
addcartoonstohistori midnight 
ohn merkel und cdu wäre da leben in deutschland viel schlechter merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"die uhr von merkel sei ein uhr für leute, die wissen wollten, wie viel uhr es ist merkelmussbleiben"
hillaryforprison2016 nevertrump everyonesuck ripamerica trumpforpresid
'radic islamist terror make no distinct between shade of infidel' ~ benjamin netanyahu 
"If my poetri aim to achiev anything, it' to deliv peopl from the limit way in which they see and feel."
"If you never go to the edge, you'll never find your wings."
nine inch nail in the cross  makemusicreligi
scott pilgrim vs the new world  addamovieruinamovi midnight
thingsdonebymistak I cash you outside..how bout dat 
pena nieto: trump propos ‘a real threat’ for mexico 
when the media will denounc kennedi for these word about 2nd amend 
"thanksobama after 8 years, obama persuad exactli no one to close guantanamo. "
n.y. sheriff urg licens gun owner to carri firearm after sanbernardino shoot guns4ni
picken plan to support trump financi befor elect  polit
camp david summit is unlik to bring up some crucial decis gulfstatestalk
california droughtin' earthdaysong midnight
how could we coexist with peopl who couldn't even coexist with each other? 
gop sen. toomey bank on split-ticket vote in pa. race 
"gaymarriag ssm 'gay cake' case: asher bakeri appeal discrimin decision: last year, a...  uniteblu tcot"
toavoidworki can't stop think of you
the progress democrat' 21st centuri plantation...
donald trump is here &amp; he is readi for the debatedebates2016 
happi internationalwomensday 
"bobg231 for real, we need gun to protect ourselv"
polit scene from the gop convent in cleveland
serf and sheep are treat as cattl by epa   hadenoughyet pjnet tcot
olympictv 21' long jump street
secondhandgift shit you bought dure black friday for no appar reason
kerri  sent hillari classifi e-mail over hi privat account ⌘ ccot dem gop libcrib p2 tcot tlot uniteblu
anoth shoot in munich is the result of fail merkel' policies...do anyon want to see thi in the us?? 
"soon we`ll be out of drink water here, in the fort hall!!!! aberdeen don't drink! american fall too! phosphorusdisast"
happi 'world day against cyber censorship'! nocybercensorship
don't play just to play. — play with purpose. — play to win.
islamkil prayforthewholeworld prayforbrussel
like some vitamin swim made me feel better
one of the best live perform ever 
make2016wors hillari clinton win
"myfarewellwordswouldb i'm sorri that my countri can feed 10k syrian refugees, but can't take care of 50k homeless vet…"
"how wa thi attack even possible? It wa a gun free zone, the shooter should'v seen that and turn back  prayers4california"
guns4ni gun control law and lower gun ownership rate do not prevent suicid
gma realdonaldtrump small hand big heart
the racist card is the worst thing peopl can use to do whatev they want. teapartynew theteaparti polit 
"herman cain: ""barack obama think he' the presid of the world, when instead...he' a fail presid of the us… "
"reasonsiaintinarelationship whi eat the same cereal when, u have a lot of varieti of cereals."
jill stein: I will have troubl sleep at night if either trump or clinton is elect  polit
hillari is trustworthi hillaryforprison 
elect day is less than 2 week away and hillari can't even fill up a high-school gym.. and media ha her winni… 
"In eulog schlafly, trump see spiritu alli  polit"
trumpbecaus our border is unsaf 🍡🍦🍫
will smith doesn't get oscar - racism. leo dicaprio doesn't get oscar - it' OK oscarhasnocolor oscar
told ya!trump and hillari are the same person 
frank win big in re-do elect for 78th district state repres seat  stloui
itsriskyto vote dem 
how cute he is 
god ha place gift in you. you can’t afford to becom stagnant becaus the world need what you have! ihq
typic sjw look like this. I wonder whi the media still keep give them a platform to whine about how racist t… 
white student at a south mississippi high school put a noos around the neck of a black student and yank backwar… 
iknewweweredoom when we tweet the same thing.
I got you under my skin songshannibalwoulds
arpaio still investig obama birth certif 
otherthingstodoin6second put anoth tweet in draft folder
lo amigo de mi amigo son mi amigos. votetrump  trumpforpresid
market turmoil eas as investor weigh trump' plan for economi  
hillaryclinton thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
"I realli want a... (damnit, not enough words)  whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
state aid sought to chang classif of clinton email  news
you can like my page and follow me on facebook here...  pjnet ffrnn tcot ccot tgdn wakeupamerica
the ironi of commit is that it’ deepli liber ... To commit is to remov your head as the barrier to your life.
clinton: I wa sadden by 'lock her up' chants: hillari clinton may not have heard the “lock her up” chant ... 
"the tomb of the unknown soldier is on duty/ and cover in snow, even when the govern is close for a snow day "
"don`t dream your life, live your dream!!"
best of moto show! 
RT if you also think that lorettalynch should be impeach for block the fbi investig &amp; abet a crimina… 
miami blue ball dickflick
merkel und die cdu werden nie die afd-wähler verteufeln! merkelmussbleiben
.realdonaldtrump warning⚠️cdc alert⚠️ erad ☑️ote trump trumpforpresid
arteira_blog thank you arteria!
marijuana destroy you! junkieu
trump seiz on clinton say support belong in basketofdeplorables' 
rbbinforadio alex_11org scorchbonnet digig ein ehrlich mensch hat nicht zu verschweigen! gesichtserkennung
star war lego valentinesdayin3word
tim kain attend game 2 of the world seri in cleveland  polit
« A happi life is one which is in accord with it own nature. » seneca
happi internationalwomensday 
obama say syrian refuge no bigger threat to u.s. than ‘tourists’ islamkil brussel
prayers4california
sandwichking420 😘
ilove__butihate__  alcohol..... hangov
cool acrobatics!! 
dynasti  athleticstvshow
futur understand staywok 
and it confirm that I made a right choice! 
the adventur of throbbin' wood dickflick midnight
team trump: No gennif flower at debat  polit
the one and onli use articl ever post on huffington post 
gun control mean you buy a gun &amp; you control it! retweet if you think the same! 
"clinton, poroshenko discuss ukraine, russia in new york meet  polit"
politweec still lose her %
"VP candid kaine’ faith an influence, sometim struggl  news"
lansford and son athleticstvshow
imwithh  2016electionin3word
the lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. the great opportun is where you ar…
"do noth is hard, you never know when you'r done 😓"
A histor victori
what all my hot femal robot follow realli look like somedayidliketose
white trash can't jump redneckamovi midnight
"stopislam islamkil mr. obama don't tell us ""it' not who we are"". you are not who we are"
convent ratings: democrat beat gop  |  
"donald trump zero In on clinton corruption, impeach  polit"
 it' just amaz lol
trump' histori undermin new outreach to black voter  polit
god onli give three answer to prayer: 1. yes! 2. not yet. 3. I have someth better in mind.
obama will travel to israel for shimon pere funer  polit
look like shit 
thetroublewithaddict is that it' treat as a crime instead of a health issue.  plant over pills! iamkratom
beauti
if i'm not mistaken I hear about shoot in colleg and campus almost everi week oregonshoot  gunviolenceoregon
it’ been a while sinc we had a leader who wouldn't bow to the establishmenttrump' a man of the people! 
incred stuff! 
thefirst100daystodolist fire them all!
"hakuna matata, what a wonder phrase mycampaignslogan"
l.a. street artist ‘move sale’ poster for anti-trump celebrities😂do they need someon to help them pack? 
fakenew 
find sumo japanamovi midnight
peopl die all the time from cabin intrus when drive atv 
gun paranoia in the age of trump  
thi is 97-year-old ww2 veteran rupert anderson; beat to death by 19-yr old muslim refuge who broke into hi home… 
downton crabbey midnight fishtv
A tradit dress muslim woman wa set on fire in nyc.what A shame!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
petticoat function  maketvsexi
just a reminder: georg soro who sent instruct via hillarysemail on how to organis riots- is now hillary' top…
the boston tmnt parti addcartoonstohistori midnight
valentinesdayin3word florist lobbi day
whi do peopl in our countri believ there are no women among republicans? teapartynew republican usa women 
merkel – „wir wollen zügig und im zeitrahmen verhandeln“
despic miyagi japanamovi midnight
it' just jadapsmith want more attent oscarhasnocolor oscar
who gave trump’ tax to the new york times? 
it' alway about polit over peopletcot pjnet 
take care of your body. it' the onli place you have to live.
"yeah, we all get what we desir from it"
"topvideo kaine: clinton will not give trump a ""second thought"" if she win "
volkswagen` u.s. ceo: `we have total screw up`
tvlifelessonsilearn knock is unnecessari when visit your friends. they won't mind. walk on in. 
iamonfir what kind of wine is this?
ccot the newworldord is in fact the antichrist system of command and control be set up to fulfil bibl prophecy.  globalelit nwo
topnew obama tell polic after killings: 'we have your backs'
lipps_m zakeyamasada uniquelov kokopelli realdlhughley you'r a moron realdonaldtrump 
😂😅 we are tri to stop him 
rand paul mock hillari dure campaign speech 2016elect
wethepeopl patriot americanpatriot 
rih vs bey staywok
"schönen morgen, ihr lieben! ich wünsche eich einen süßen tag mit viel nutella! 😘 "
buzzfeednew nice :/
"""the screen door"
hillaryforpris thi hashtag is a remind that censorship is ban in the US 😐
the word of wisdom that will live forever! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"go beyond human perceptu filters, the visionari stand unwaveringli in the face of the massiv tidal wave of society’ herd mentality."
"right action doe not come from documents, it come from within you."
secondhandgift a presidenti chair
I don't like honey boo-boo makemehateyouinonephras 
rnc 2016: whi n.j.' women deleg support trump
media constantli attack sheriff david clarke!pleas show your support! everi RT &amp; like notifi him about our lo… 
hypocrisi at it' best:- attack mike penc for “anti-women” record- get donat from muslim oligarch 
thingstodoinawaitingroom  talk to peopl
"the latest:  clinton, in florida, make pitch to republican "
fbi' hillari clinton email probe found evid of effort to evad feder record lawclintonemail 
ted cruz spark an uproar at rnc and social media  |  
stop radic from tear down america' religi heritage! pjnet 
"i’m so rakim and eric. B, bitch check out my melody. I might slick rick on a fella…catch me a felony. – killer mike"
kangaroopaul' drag race maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"unser kanzlerin nimmt da best von anderen parteien und setzt es allmählich um, jeder hat wa davon merkelmussbleiben"
".sebgorka: ""the grownup are in charge. the adult are back in the white house."" nameapensemus "
"""midnight richmovi"
MT jstines3: whi vote for anyon less? vote cruz! scprimari tcot ccot trust  cruzcrew pjnet
thingsyoucantignor action
whenitimetravel i'm usual asleep
 ciara sherzing
fact check: trump off-bas on clinton and iran payment  news |  
palmspringsshoot that make me think who' respons for this. who' fund peopl that encourag kill po… 
clinton and trump buy ad for world seri game 7  
betteralternativetodeb  botulism.
trap in your hot car
anoth poster from hillari clinton in 08hrcoriginalbirtherbirther 
fiddler on the goof dumberbroadway midnight
trump refer To himself onli 3 time dure speech; We 45 times; you 24 time
такой момент должен быть в жизни каждого мужчины! 
protest outsid kaine' rva church: 'he is a cathol in grave error' 
3wordsbetterthanilovey i'm gonna cum? 
"nationalfreedomday today we celebr the end of slavery,wisdom of lincoln and a new start in american life!"
"""dairi queen Of the damn"
japanamovi the yakuzaifath .midnight
you know you'r in love when you can't fall asleep becaus realiti is final better than your dream
liberallog 

obama: kaepernick 'exercis constitut right'  polit
breaking🚨offic of the republican parti in delawar wa attack by vandals!!now we know who is behind thi vio… 
thingstoknowabouttwitt master the art of copi and past other people' tweet at it finest.
lovett: democrat use trump to gain control of n.y. senat 
martin_duffy_ I absolut agre
"85 peopl were kill ""bi accident"" it' not an accid it' a fatal mistak prayforsyria "
happybirthdaygeorgewashington! He wa the first to sign the constitut 
ireallylikeyoubut i don't trust the devil insid you.
imtoooldfor get driver' license. I can do without it great for the coupl of year
how to surviv a walmart trip and not to go blind ihavearighttoknow 
"hello, i'm barack, and i'm the most awkward US presid ever "
A convers with god is better than have it with anyon else.
judg order new elect for hubbard/frank state repres race in st. loui  polit
houston school bu crash kill 2 student
"republican leader should withdraw endors of trump, obama say  polit"
"thi hillaryclinton staffer is regist voters.  If voter regist as gop republican, he rip up registration. "
there` noth better than metallica!!! 
an ohiopost worker brag onlin about destroy trump ballot 
breaking: baltimor to pay for more elect judg train after troubl primari 
"""if we had taken the oil isi wouldn't have formed"" ~ trump nbcnewsforum"
"ted cruz: ""i'm get readi to get on a gigant airplan that ha donald trump' name paint on the side of it.… "
daili calori limit mustbeban
rulesforeverydayliv  •prayer
ihavearighttoknow who the father is. 
"podestaemails19: reveal democrat agre that hillari is a dishonest, manipulative, lying, crimin who use people… "
"« that is never too often repeated, which is never suffici learned. » seneca"
hillaryclinton hmm🤔 did you wonder how the clinton went from zero to $300 million on a govern salary?! 
jenn_abram who realli expect him to act presidential?
ihavearighttoknow if the secret servic is follow my twitter account? and do they like my jokes?
badreasonsforaloan a stranger on the street ask me to take a loan instead of him 
"At the end of the game, the king and the pawn go back in the same box."
donald trump encourag russia to hack hillari clinton  polit
fbi say hillari lost 13 devic &amp; emails.  how we'r suppos to trust her with the nuclear codes?nbcnewsforum 
"student at berkeley vandal trump cutout, assault colleg republican "
"jeff session march with civil right icon john lewi for selma anniversary, becaus ""he' a racist"". "
white live matter protest gather outsid naacp 
warfareww moscow ha no offici confirm US want to elimin al-nusra leader 
love me love me pl retweet *) 
andthenishouldhavesaid I realli just want a dime 
sport fifa scandal: webb plead not guilti in NY
"gansler, sach call fbi decis on clinton email 'seriou mistake'  polit"
trump eras clinton lead in swing-stat nevada: monmouth poll  polit
nocybercensorship today is world day against cybercensorship! celebr those fight to overrid it
"merkel will, dass die menschen ihr träume verwirklichen merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday"
yet anoth remind of the necess of carri a conceal handgun:  tcot
someon pull a string and the puppet speakstcotpjnet 
load up your gun and bring your friends! the war on own peopl legal by the white hous ha been started. 
donald trump jr. face backlash over 'ga chamber' comment 
Me
A happi marriag is the union of two good forgivers.
jacket 👍 haircut 👍 mood 👍 let' start the parti 💥 💥 💥
to small slope ..bore 
"life is to be lived, not controlled, and human is won by continu to play in face of certain defeat.  – ralph ellison"
A new portion of hypocrisi on demconvent from flotu 👏 👏 👏 
4g-unit robothiphop midnight
retireasongorband all the wrinkl ladies.. all the wrinkl ladies... 
can your kitten do it? 
To each hi own.
ificouldntli I wouldn't stop and ask if you have a minut to talk about our lord and savior
happybirthdaygeorgewashington the constitut is the guid which I never will abandon.
"islamkil even if it were proven these ""refugees"" are terrorists, the libprog would still want them to be ship in."
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari transgend peopl in a bathroom next to you
"today american decid who they trust to handl the nation’ secrets: trump and pence, or hillari and her maid. maga… trumpforpresid"
"If smile were water, i'd give you the sea."
better than last year!  my4wordnewyearsresolut
obama' iran deal is aim against america. time to get rid of the worst presid and hi crimin parti dnc 
prosecutor probe trump campaign ceo' voter record  news |  
gameshowhostpickuplin show her what' behind fli 1
ificouldntli live a day
die abhör-affär ist jedenfal kein pluspunkt für merkel und ihr regierung. merkelmussbleiben
communist commi maoism marri confucian - how china' communist are appropri co...  uniteblu tcot
"video : senat tom cotton, “clinton foundat world’ largest money-laund scheme”  "
whoever is happi will make other happi too.  – ann frank
the fault In our nascar midnight redneckamovi
omg! lol im laugh so hard 
"hey, just a minut alon"
i’m against drug legal junkieu
american end with I can - unknown quot iamonfir
"polic offic are readi to risk their live for your quit life, appreci it honorforthebrav"
da tut sie eben! 😊 „merkel personifiziert verlässlichkeit und erfahrung“ 
mulholland drivebi       californiamovi
I have no word to describ my respect inhonorof
materi thing are not to be despis - – without them there can be no manifest in the materi world. -sri aurobindo
"charl hurt: “no matter how much the clinton lie, those email do not lie.” hillarysemail "
"""the african american peopl have been absolut mistreat &amp; abus by democrat politicians"" ~ donald trump "
islamkil prayforbrussel  stopislam 
2016electionin3word use your brain
thingsinventedwhilehigh A no name dish made from chilli and ramen
what to expect from donald trump' rnc speech  polit
imtoooldfor take such pictur 
"In meetings, your go-to comment is: ""you'r wrong, and i'll tell you why...""   howtoloseyourjob"
"washdconlin idk, smh I don't want to let obama go..."
merkel kennt sich schon mit dem system aus! merkelmussbleiben
they had slaveri long befor the US even existed. So dumb 
"On eve of rnc, hillari clinton' team highlight friction between ohio gop and donald trump: trump' struggl to...  cleveland polit"
"dr. ben carson talk polit correctness, religion and the brain at rnc "
"keep your head up, give it rabbit ear"
no sleep until I am done with find the answer
To catch a fall macaroni makeamoviefat
"sassy_kathyyi sorry, ani news from kardashian automat goe to the spam folder"
humoritarian he realli does!
reasonstogetdivorc  him start everi sentenc with the word 'but that' not how my mom did....' meh
clinton lead 45% Vs trump at 44% in 4-way FL nbc news/wsj poll  polit
that' awful! whi no black nomine thi year?! oscarhasnocolor
probabletrumpstweet bigli is offici a word now
"die leute, die die afd wählen, sind einfach krank merkelmussbleiben"
"lgbtq commun excori trump, extol clinton  |  "
It wa pretti hard to debat two oppon debatenight 
trumpbecaus the success entrepreneur’ uniqu abil to turn tri time into triumph 🐷🍷😓
donaldstantz then cnn will be shit brick whine about how violent trump support are!
patriotblak hillari is a witch
our govern is infect by corruption. onli donald J. trump give us a chanc to break up the washington cartel.… 
georg H. W. bush' letter to bill clinton after lose 1992 elect goe viral 
nachdem brexit wird merkel frankfurt stärker machen! merkelmussbleiben
nobody' gonna slow me down music
"and I wonder if I ever cross your mind, for me it happen all the time"
obama: african-american museum help tell fuller stori of america  polit 
I do urg all of you not to vote for crookedhillari 
"sam from virginia: ""[trump] is give more to us than we’r give to him. We don’t have a voice. He is our voice.” "
trump world  polit
rejecteddebatetop who wore it better 
fidel castro hold babi michel trudeau 
racist white guy had it tough with these black women 
judg tell trump lawyer to prepar for discoveri in fraud case: At least one of the trump univers case ... 
giftideasforpolitician a gun to shoot themselv
christmasaftermath I need a bigger t-shirt 
awesom cart in new orleans.makeamericagreatagain 
hashtagg thingspeopleontwitterlik
sarfeld und warum sind so viel leut unzufrieden mit den flüchtlingen?
histori will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
sometimestwittermakesm googl thing befor tweet to make sure my statement is accur
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
jake_ful  let us hope there' enough of us here in the usa who are readi for chang
andthenishouldhavesaid No we can't use a privat server for state depart email.
orang is the moo black. cowtv midnight

"some peopl make you laugh a littl louder, your smile a littl brighter and your life a littl better."
clinton lead trump by 1ppt in abc/wapo new track poll  polit
chuck7817 cupcardriv exactli
quran 8:60 “muslim must muster all weapon to terror the infidels.” - knife attacklondon russellsquar 
five thing to watch for at the democrat nation convention: after a divid and contenti republican natio...  cleveland polit
"""thingsthatshouldbecensor"
everybodi now is look for octobersurpris by julianassange_ 
trump’ immigr plan draw sharpli divid reaction 
I am coot superoldhero midnight
worstpaineverin3word nag by boyfriend
2007 clinton offic hostage-tak accus of rob bank  news
bi zu 80 prozent wenig insekten in deutschland 
thi new shitti music mustbeban !! bring back 90 rnb! boyziimen jodecimus tyresegibson brianmcknight1 mariahcarey druhill4r
donald trump in columbus: 'i'm afraid the elect is go to be rigged': donald trump said monday that he worr...  cleveland polit
lice hockey oneletteroffsport midnight
freejulian the fact assang wa cut off onli prove they are scare sh*tless of what can reveal. keep fighting!… 
phawker ba-dum-tss!
"“oh, for christ’ sake!” – report react to stage scene of littl girl run Up to hillaryclintoncollaps "
so epic falling!  
In advertis not to be differ is virtual suicid
"obama could be like the joker in the dark night,break a pool cue in half,giv them each a piece,and stand back  betteralternativetodeb"
lisalcolangelo 
"""life' most persist and urgent question is, what are you do for others?"" -mlkdebat "
A fool’ tongu run befor hi wit  love
"clancyreport jim, they are shout ""you vote trump""sound to me like it IS polit motiv"
"look at wikileaks, without unend 1side assault of news media donald trump would be beat hillari by 15 ~… "
"deirezzor | isi execut a man on charg of “commun with fsa"" "
don’t judg each day by the harvest you reap but by the seed you plant
whenev u see ur friend on the road
topvideo boxer roberto duran say he want to fight trump 
thingsyoucantignor  A wound puppi
« the superior man understand what is right
thingsnottaughtatschool alcohol is your best friend when life suck
and then he'll teach ya how ta...find yourself
"'I hope donald trump will be the next US president. good for america, good for europe.' ~ geert wildersgettysburg "
jenn_abram think he can handl that...
"If you think that peopl who claim that their religion will domin the world, well.. be readi to rais your right… "
It doesn't belong in the western cultur and I don't have to approv it. they want to forc you idiot into wearing… 
"presid obama, other dnc speaker open fire on donald trump: democrat launch an all-out verbal attack on do...  cleveland polit"
ohn merkel gäbe es kein deutschland merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
trump on immigration: “mi stanc is veri strong. it’ go to remain veri strong. there will be no amnesty.” 
cypress hill street blue (or the beverli cypress hillbillies) addabandtoatvshow
eric trump weigh in on father' feud with fallen soldier's...  |  
merkel hat die bildung und forschung vorangebracht. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
life doe not stop and start at your convenience!
even a mistak can lead to a happi ending. don't lose hope.
mother of benghazi victim sue crookedhillary: 'I Am still here and I want answers!' 
reasonstogetdivorc becaus I went on vacat without her.
hillari clinton and her top alli plan post-deb blitz  polit
clinton show a double-digit lead over trump  polit
freedom of speech is guarante us by the constitution!  nocybercensorship
potu buy your own clock!
"arizona republ endors clinton for president, first time ever back a democrat  "
donald trump join david duke as onli candid 'disendorsed' by usa today  polit
"reallifemagicspel ""I vote for trump"" - instantli summon a mob of liber who'll be protest it."
joebiden biden :-) democrat might rue their attempt to coron hillary: joe biden is ripp...  uniteblu tcot
thi is how thing should work!teaparti 
ilove__butihate__ I love to danc but i hate that i don't know how to dance. 
ifihadabodydoubl I could eat a hors
critic grow for trump' assail of muslim vet' famili  |  
"'I hope donald trump will be the next US president. good for america, good for europe.' ~ geert wilder "
краткий гид по президентским выборам 2016 года .election2016 
"14-year-old black child on free lunch program arrested, charged, stand trial for $.65 milk.… "
"self doubt affect the soul as the most malign of cancers, yet is set into remiss by each individu achievement.  – ff"
"for the clinton crime family, sell out US nation secur is a famili business! "
when hypocrisi turn into idiocy: biden say trump is 'sexual predator' but bill clinton conduct 'shouldn't matter'… 
trump readi to complet improb rise at gop convent  polit
"kobe bryant get the cheers, but 76er get their first win against laker"
trump tri to walk back obama-isi comment  polit
the privileg of a lifetim is be who you are.  – joseph campbel
kick ball  sexysport midnight
iran definit doesn`t want to use onli peac atom! It want a nuclear bomb! kerrydosmth
fergusonrememb we’ll neverforget mikebrown rest in peac
"when the teacher think you'r weren't listening, and you get the question right:"
you'r not allow to watch ruinthesuperbowlin5word 
fun fact: hillari clinton lost the most elector of ani candid in 100 years.
mit einer bädertour startet merkel in den wahlkampf
aye 
i'm say that some of the refuge are terrorists. that' just a fact. islamkil
dailyplanet
"will hillari start answer ani straight question, what do you think? demdebatemiami"
princeton professor expos how to commit mass voterfraud in 7minvot ID should BE required!draintheswamp 
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
i`m not where I need to be but thank god i`m not where I use to be
'roo detect maketvshowsaustralian midnight
could her support be ani more ignor than they have shown themselv to be?🤔podestaemails15gettysburg 
ok! We got use to hillarysstool  but what' wrong with her bodyguard on the left?🤔 
who d'you think gave you the right hidden by the dead of night To take the world and turn it upsid down when it should be round.-uriah heep
the nfl is more rig than the elect trump2k16 nflisrig trumpforpresid
прямо сейчас первая леди сша мишель обама выступает с кампанией в поддержку хиллари клинтон 
merkel sieht super au merkelmussbleiben
jenn_abram not gonna work
myemmynominationwouldb for best procrastinator.
kaine: clinton’ ‘deplorables’ character doesn’t merit an apolog  polit
trayvon martin forev in our hearts!!! wearhoodiefortrayvon  wearealltrayvon
trump the dealmak keep ani cabinet decis under wrap  
my2017biggesthop i'd final find my dream job
white peopl are order to the back at dncinphl dncconvent demsinphilli democrat are racist 
900 syrian refuge arrest for crime includ rape and child abuse. 900! stop accept rapefuge
when the teacher think you'r do work but you'r actual make pancak
stopislam islamkil hous pass bill aim At halt refuge from enter the unit state
amaz pic! true patriot stand with trump! 
dank merkel haben wir handlungsfähigkeit von EU gestärkt. merkelmussbleiben
holi spirit in the materi world makemusicreligi
reason drought californiamovi midnight
rickspark caus it' not the issu
"you might think i'm crazy, that i'm lost and foolish leav you behind. mayb you'r right"
guten morgen und einen wunderbaren dienstag mein lieben! 
while a nativ gentli weep earthdaysong midnight
"get your fact first, then you can distort them as you please.  – mark twain"
children begin by love their parent
hillaryclinton 
lil' kim possibl  problematickidsshow midnight
hillari troll desper tri to twist trump' word!pathetic! trumpaz  
donald trump’ campaign manag admits: ‘we are behind’  polit
"crookedhillary: ""to steal or not to steal the election? that' the question."" "
the movement strengthen everi day!don't let all thi media junk get you down!trumpdrseuss 
"women' champion, hillari clinton! she' also islam misogynists' championrecount2016 "
"RT to let blacklivesmatt know that stop rioting, start use your brain "
off you go! 
immatur love says: 'I love you becaus I need you.' matur love say 'I need you becaus I love you.'  – erich fromm
and i'll laugh my ass off when you tri to cross the border with canada as they do have immigr policy!… 
"post-abc track poll: 6 in 10  expect clinton to win; gari johnson at 4%, jill stein at 1% "
"""we are tri to fight isi and now our own peopl are kill our police... the world is watching.""rncincl "
"We don’t creat a fantasi world to escap reality, we creat it to be abl to stay."
"watch: ""I Am proud how trump handl hi busi In mexico!"" ~ wayn dupreetrumpenmexico "
noth in MY constitut say fed govt can fund infant killing!   defundpp pjnet tcot ccot wakeupamerica  
jetzt sehe ich kein altern für sie merkelmussbleiben
aireznaz just have fun 😊
ppchistori thi is our histori
summeramovi
"11 must-se trump, clinton moment of primari debat "
it is 
geni in a bibl makemusicreligi
here' the playbook for democrats' rnc 'counter-convention' plan in cleveland: next week' republican nation ...  cleveland polit
"podestaemails2: hillari clinton ""say thing that are untrue... often"" ;  ""trump"" may be her onli hope "
the onli emoji tha realli make me smile 💩
trump slam hrc over new fbi files: thi show corrupt at the highest level &amp; we cant let it happen as american… 
 girlish thing
"danageezu oh sis, it' wine wednesday and we'r think alik "
thingspeopleontwitterlik meet new people.
key u.n. bodi overturn accredit reject of u.s.-bas ngo  news
they said what? fact-check the final debat between clinton and trump  polit
"iamonfir Be cool, be beautiful, be mine."
"wish you good luck jebb, but somewher away from the polit jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama"
it' a shame that there are so mani peopl who don't see the differ between right and wrong. teapartynew 
black miss. teen distraught over noos be around hi neck 
imalwaysokwith tacobel after midnight.  they'r open late.
islam is a hate ideology! muslim liter hate america! watch &amp; show thi video to all liberals! ahmad khan… 
chang your mind and chang your lifestyle? must follow
itssowhiteoutsidethat blizzard2016 is promot by white academi
"not one of these guy are vote for trump, and that' whi you know you'r do the right thing... "
defiantlionuk those baptist are act out again in brussels. No one ever said that. islamistheproblem 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart they sure have all-natur and healthi groceri here.  that' what I heard in pandaria, too. hm. warcraft"
toavoidworki crap my pants... actual it wa grade one. I wa wear a yellow pant suit and the teacher call my mom to come get me
melania obama smoke pot but when other american do it they go to prison. obama and clinton think they abov th law 
selfi photo studio. mybedroomin3word
donald trump' end wa perfect!!rt if you are also sure that trumpwon! debat 
'apologize!' trump tell 'hamilton' cast  
hi sens of humor is the best 
jenn_abram awful!
trump: germani 'will never Be the same again... migrant could Be isis' 
hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 votehillari trumpforpresid
"hillari clinton, donald trump chang their tune on polls: polit extra  polit"
"turn back on trump, koch network focus on senat  polit"
stonedcomicbook super brat( actual real!)
42% of muslim youth in franc alway support suicid bombing!
redneckamovi the girl with the budwis tattoo.
"obama smell himself, confirm he is not a demon "
"foke hillary' nightmar scenario: weiner' laptop hold 650,000 emails, thousand of them from clinton...  foke"
tvlifelessonsilearn my daughter is never join a soror or go anywher for spring break. lifetimetv
fbi releas hillari clinton email investig document  polit
tim kaine' ralli vs mike pence' ralli 😂😂😂 No one want your corrupt ass in the offic anymore! trumppence16 
perfect moment 
makemehateyouinonephras send nude
"under scrutiny, trump camp and rnc offici seek to play down import of campaign offic  polit"
fear the walk dead s1.01
otherthingstodoin6second think  twice or thrice about make a bad decision.
even fool seem smart when they are quiet. -proverb 17:28
trump say clinton' 'deplorables' remark is disqualifi 
ucla student in protest of donald trump electionwil they start loot and fighting?or is thi anoth categor… 
pulitz prize winner:  IS myth will linger after demis of 'caliphate' 
"thi guy ha phd in islam studies, he' follow true islam!that' what he think about the 'religion of peace' "
thi is offensive! crookedhillari neverhillari 
are you partiot everi day? happyindependenceday
senatefin have you heard about terribl disast on the simplot plant which led to the phosphoru leakage?!
must see: dame helenmirren now ha the best anti-drunk-driv psa  ccot wakeupamerica
elect 2016: what black women want  
idontneedacostumebecaus whatev I wear I stay what I am 
"after maleficent, angelina joli will play as pocahontas? see the pic here:"
mr. gorbachev.... tear down thi wall addcartoonstohistori 
thingsiwouldntthankyoufor islambanislam 
i'm a great support of 2A especiali in time of mass shoot prayers4california
vabvox let' make more histori and elect trump! maga trumpforpresid
"trump: ""the biggest problem I have is the press. the press is extrem dishonest. without the press, hillari would… "
the who' my AA sponsor drunkband midnight
chia trump vs chia clinton: who grow the fastest? 
"As I said, vinc foster document are tellingwakeupamerica "
betteralternativetodeb thwart unwant advanc in the park. 
"тем временем, клинтон нацелилась на молодежь "
I made trump your presid lol potuslasttweet
"trump on clinton health: ‘we want her better,’ back on trail  polit"
"trump is head for a win, say professor who ha predict 30 year of presidenti outcom correctli "
"sometimestwittermakesm seem like a realli weird person.  i'd say that i'm realli not, but i'm like thi in real life, so.…"
state sovereignti is importanttcot pjnet 
My presid wa black and i'm realli happi that he' notmypresid anymore!makeamericagreatagain 
the offici anthem of the rnc? ‘lock her up’  |  
"""I knew there wa corruption, but the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming.""- carson "
dank merkel gab es in deutschland kein anschläg merkelmussbleiben
shaft dickflick midnight
makeabookwarm the girl with the dragon sunburn midnight
varieti back clinton in first-ev presidenti endors  polit
bankrupt casino addamovieruinamovi 
everi voter should watch thi befor make a choice. electionday vote vote2016 
russia to boost nuclear arsenal. modern or arm race?
Is thi what forefath fought for? happyindependenceday
"hillaryclinton makeamericagreat hillaryforprison2016  I hope you die you lying, stupid, crimin bitch trumpforpresid"
.realdonaldtrump: If hrc can’t rememb such crucial event &amp; info she’ total unfit to be our commander-in-chief 
"To be strong, you have to look to god, becaus when you look to yourself, you know you'r not strong enough. -"
meet latinosfortrump! they are 100% behind realdonaldtrump &amp; want to build the wall!operationtacobowl 
sie dient dem land und den menschen merkelmussbleiben
beer and pizza
"f you love someone, tell them. for heart are often broken by word left unspoken."
monster' cannonbal midnight summeramovi
"lt. col. fred flynn, a disabl veteran wa ask to leav a courtroom becaus he wa wear hi armi uniform. "
watch what a young black guy get for jaywalking. appalling!policebrut fuckthepolic 
deputi speaker of hous of lord resign after ‘be film snort cocain from prostitute` breast …
thing liber should final understand makeamericagreatagain 
prove that hashtag game are better than debat name  thingsmoretrustedthanhillaryand join the game! 
le mile save Us whatiwantforchristmasin4word
obamalegaci welcom potenti danger peopl while disarm americans. seem legit 
I think peopl are final see who hillari realli is and it ain't pretty!followthemoney 
don't let a bad day make you feel like you have a bad life.
who is the dopest artist of the state?
ireallylikeyoubut you are alreadi taken
durtyducki inkofsquid exactli what I did
what a great photo!veteransday 
"promis me you'll never forget me becaus if I thought you would, i'd never leav"
itsok2begay i’m against homosexu marriag and I think it’ ok
armi command: ani turkish militari presenc insid syria will be dealt with as an “occup force” 
marcthiessen patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 2A 
daili reminder: hillari suffer a brain injuri so sever she use it as an excus not to answer fbi questions. 
video show alt-right group use nazi-styl salut To hail president-elect trump  
what the fuck?!
donald trump challeng clinton to releas detail...  via news |  
"I love tacos, but i hate the mess. whi can't eat taco be made simpler?  ilove__butihate__ "
sometimestwittermakesm research peopl I don't know.
idrunforpresidentif it wa okay to play hashtag game for presid
I guess if they didn't help her they would'v been boo for let her die. were there anyon who care about wom… 
"merkel bekommt so viel sympathie, wie viel sie verdient hat. und sie bekommt viel! merkelmussbleiben"
what' in cleveland' $50 million secur plan for gop convent  polit
oscarformuhammad A merci upon mankind oscarnom
cruz: I won't be 'servil puppi dog' to trump  |  
"leftistterror funni how quickli they switch from ""love trump hate"" to call for kill someon they don't like "
"breaking: tom brady, bill belichick vote for donald trump!  gotrump maga   trumpforpresid"
ksn new poll show trump lead clinton in kansa  news
"herman cain: ""[barackobama] think he' the presid of the world, when instead...he' a fail presid of the… "
the X file athleticstvshow
bangdangow creep the hell out of me
never lie to the person you love. it not worth it and they don't deserv it.
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington! By the way, he never live in the white hous "
islamkil hash tag alert: today: prayforbrussel tomorrow: istandwithbrussel day after: illridewithy 4th day: terrorhasnoreligion
iknewweweredoom when the cleavag crack shot start be shown...
electron chess game for $50 for the game alon   kemerovo  tournament  teenwolf… 
riggedelect voterfraud riggedsystem  trumpforpresid
jai-a-lay sexysport midnight
I can understand the guy))) 
just anoth racial bia from black ppl oscarhasnocolor oscar
reminder: obama spent $770 million in taxpay cash to renov mosqu overseas! 
russia plan to deliv the second batch of s-300 anti-aircraft missil system to iran befor the year-end 
ly bastard! 😂😂 
MT mericanrefugee: time for all conserv and libertarian patriot to unit behind cruz! tlot  cruzcrew pjnet
"'littl doubt' russia behind dnc hack, US offici say  |  "
"избирательный участок в церкви...""голосовать — вниз по лестнице, молиться — наверх""electionday "
"what if the syrian refuge are isi militants, that would mean some u. state would be take in isi milit islamkil"
tofeelbetteri treat the servant poorly: who ha ever heard that a butler did anyth about it? 
I just want to see leo win an oscar! oscarhasnocolor
mayor: hillari clinton heard flint’ call for help  polit
realdonaldtrump alway ha time to meet with the police! 
thingsthatshouldbecensor r2-d2. whi do you think there are no subtitl for that vulgar littl droid onscreen? https…
pleas show thi pic to your liber friend b/c msm will never show it! 
trump shame ex-beauti pageant winner for sexual histori 
flashback august 2015: trump talk about anthoni weiner access classifi info through huma abedinpur gold😂… 
when i'm tri to fing a common sens in what' happen at the debat 
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel prayforbelgium 
michael brantley lift indian past brewers: center fielder michael brantley lift the ind...  #…
good point here!👍 
In philadelphia tail a pastor' bu that' buss peopl to the polls.electiondayveritasiseverywhere… 
media: colin powel might have given clinton the idea to use a privat email account as secretari of stateeveryon is to blame but hillary👌
hillari clinton join these 13 histor femal 'firsts' 
"ahead of the VP debate, a look at both men' vote record work  stloui"
wdr-rundfunkrat: kein grenzen im web f�r ard/zdf 
beauti and the beach summeramovi midnight
thompson kick off re-elect campaign  news
"My dear ex-boyfriend, I wish the present you'll get will be as huge as your peni backhandedxmaswish "
"cori booker respond to trump: 'I love you, donald'  polit"
whyisit thi way? 
what do you think? 
let' rememb all hillary' lie about privat email server..  thi compil is the best 👇hillarysemail… 
muscl car is my dream!!! 
trump VP pick to stump in arizona tuesday  |  
huge hit end both player careers! 1 like = 1 respect for them nflhit footbal 
are they go to play the race card everi year? oscarhasnocolor oscar
ridicul how shoot have becom a regular thing... prayforsanbernadino guns4ni
trump is win NJ but the map is fool us. electionday electionnight elections2016 maga NJ 
"ohio democrat parti sue state republicans, trump campaign, alleg voter intimid tactic  polit"
tofeelbetteri run away from my respons
charleston shoot wa made for an evil reason! hatecrim charlestonshoot
beckiescott4 thi is what I found on the internet. I researched. It sound pretti convincing. ani comments?  
it' hard to believ peopl think thi stuff is real 
MT sunbeltgirl: hope you supportcoachkennedy' posit role model on hi players. ccot fca  pjnet
whooop 
"hillaryclinton hide her dirti stories, she lies, she want money and power. are you readi for hillary?? "
polit melania trump' websit taken down
"pastor thoma roger say hillari is, “danger and reckless"" and ""i not fit to run thi nation”neverhillari "
.realdonaldtrump: “I am absolut against have more peopl flow into thi country.” 
unborn doesn't but illeg do have constitut rights?neverhillari 
"socialjustic tcot advocaci teach-in talk activ with guest speaker, workshop and d...  uniteblu liber"
"survivalguidetothanksgiv  grammar and punctuat are import - ""let' eat, grandma!"" is differ from ""let' eat…"
"given that she want american disarm it look like blatant hypocrisy, but no one care becaus trump say mean t… "
half of the primari voter chose other candidates. 9 % of the whole nation — vote for either trump or clinton 
maketvshowscanadian moose-t belveder midnight
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für da vertrauen in unseren staat merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
anoth brick in the church makemusicreligi
"photos: arizona primari election, august 2016 "
keemstar hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
2ndamendmentday the peopl are confirm by the next articl in their right to keep and bear their privat arm
midnight : Is thi  cattv ? 
clinton hate black people. but she still pander becaus she need 93% of black votes.trumpahorrormovieblacks… 
"In latest hedge, trump say immigr law can be soften "
"republican in iowa charg with tri to vote twice, report say "
awwww yes…don`t stop! 
"hillaryclinton : ""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."" "
pet fight breed of dog will not be allow mycampaignslogan
moron in chief obama. nation disgrac trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain imwithh 
"look like fun, like a muddin sturgi way down in south florida. "
our navi men were put in harm’ way &amp; humili to protect obama' deal nuclear with iran. 
elect expert: there are 4 million dead peopl on US voter rolls..but the media keep say there is no… 
bill clinton will defend clinton foundat in speech  news |  
liberallog in one pictur 
pence: trump 'speak right from hi heart'  polit
mani women say trump show too much testosteron at debat 
30 second to martini drunkband midnight
when recount in philadelphia is done and you get 5 more vote 😂😂😂😂😂recount2016 
"In the US held protest against the elect presid ""realdonaldtrump thi is wrong becaus he wa elect by the peopl in the law"
looool 😂☺️ 
lastminutegifts2016 bag of macaroni noodl for that diy art project.
muslim stone christian in america. welcom to deaborn arab festiv 
"""autist man live here. cop no excuse"" paint by a mother on henderson home. she say she' protect son "
"huckabee: ""peopl like hillary...hav use govern to get rich at the expens of hardwork american taxpayers."" "
left 4 dead survivor ad to zombi armi trilog in free PC updat   via 3tags_org pjnet
the happiest peopl I know are one of the saddest peopl i'v ever met.
epic!!! my kid gonna be like thi 
boom! great poll in florida!trump2016 47%crookedhillari 42% 
islamkil sad to see what is go on in my country.mi thought go out to all my fellow belgians. brussel prayforbrussel
клинтон и трамп критикуют недавнюю стрельбу с участием полиции 
crookedhillari IS A murderer!  cnn dncleak wikileak omg demexit drjillstein neverhillari imnotwithh 
liberals' idea of multicultur in on one picliberallog 
dryardsal true!
stephen moor “trump will ignit an american econom boom”  
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"
"""war on terror"" sum up in one video. "
there' so mani way to love ya
iron that most peopl who shout about oscarssowhit are vote democrat oscarhasnocolor oscar
"hillari clinton' dnc speech use 'people, america' most often; see her word cloud  polit"
mr. congeni star mandra bullock allmalereboot
"honorforthebrav everi dumbass sjw tri to film cops, but none of them ever film crimin that would be of greater use, don't you think?"
happybirthdayharrytruman! today he announc the end of the wwii
hrc had her chance. she offer noth to america but statu quo and more scandal. 
have a merri christma and a happi new year! No one will take your right from you tcot maga 
who let the ME out? dogsong midnight
zwei frauen beschuldigen trumpürfe%3a+„seine+hände+waren+überall“&amp;via=welt 
benghazi 
bill' victim are in the debat hall. 
ihavearighttoknow whi fade and man bun turn me on
"watch: ""we'r gonna put a lot of coal miner outta business!"" ~ hillari clinton "
obama attack trump for 'disrespect constitution'. psst! you'r campaign for hillari who' under the fbi inve… 
cool thing 
3) lexa
home is where you make it.
polit live updat from the democrat nation convent in philadelphia
topnew trump lose bid to end trump univers lawsuit befor trial
whi should refuge integrate? aren't they suppos to go back onc crisi that made them so is over? islamkil
hillari clinton facilit illeg sale Of weapon to isi while secretari of state. 
good-bye. I am leav becaus I am bored.
it' sooo true! hillaryforprison 
"school mandat daughter to convert to islam, parent sue  trump bitcoin tcot trump2016 teaparti libertarian"
kellyannepol realdonaldtrump mike_p we'r watch live!! histori in the making. trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"In capitol hill meetings, trump reveal top prioriti  "
timvici dickfac
"pinkperrieshair oh, come on!"
I need you to come here and find me ‘caus without you i'm total lost. –pooh
gladiat maximus: My name is maximus... movi quot quot russellcrow ridleyscott
saint player express disbelief at donald trump' categor of 'locker-room talk' 
ccot who realli control the world?  fed corpor TV media internet news  nwo polit independ
clinton admit defeat ?!??! check thi out  
 I love science!
hillari clinton' benghazi email withheld from hous investig 2016elect
howtoloseyourjob surround yourself with complet idiots.
Of what polit ilk wa Mr lincoln?  Do u know...do u care....tgdn ccot ctot democrat bluedodo 
grace notes: vice-presidenti debat felt straight out of anoth campaign 
same gift card they gave me last year lastminutegifts2016

"""midnight donut night in canada"
We estim our opportun and draft a map for the texit rally. meet near citi hall list on the pic th… 
ruinadinnerinonephras I replac all sauc with mayo tonight
trump draw contrast on crime and secur  polit
rejectedusesforcandycorn actual eat them
video show donald trump may not have target disabl report after allthegophasbecom 
"whether we follow a religi path or not, as human be we all need affection."
lmaoooooo 
the eurythm - sweet dream  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
tofeelbetteri take off my gloves.
turkey leg   magnum condom (you'r welcom ladi
We own ourselves. we’r master of our own fate. We control our own destiny. –lotso (toy stori 3)
brown favor codi kessler' accuracy: when look at the trait of the draft-elig q...  cleveland sport
"topnew trump vs clinton: He call her a devil, she say he abus women"
"midnight fat albert show : ""don't drink the milkshake""  problematickidsshow"
baltimor areola  oneletteroffsport midnight
how the grinch stole christmas: shitter wa full! redneckamovi midnight
realdonaldtrump pleas tell your thought about ifhillarybecomespresid
joe biden just broke! look what He said about trump and him…  
"good morning, people, and hail to the old glory! america wouldn’t be itself without our beauti flag. "
trump make attempt at minor outreach with philadelphia visit 
how to turn a flashlight into a long rang spotlight   via 3tags_org pjnet
you better live one day like a wolf despit a lifetim as a sheep... rulesforeverydayliv
"black trump supporter, “stop blame white peopl for trump, NO one want hillary!”"
I like big mutt and I cannot lie dogsong midnight
giftideasforpolitician grass flip flop to feel closer to earth 
donald trump: berni sander sold out to the devil  polit
topvideo obama attend arriv ceremoni in lao 
"she is readi to say anything, even to pretend a lesbo to win, but for what? hillaryforprison "
whatihatein5word hillari clinton and donald trump
"stonedcomicbook riverdal high' newest student, mari jane, invit betti and veronica to a no-fly-zon sleepov ... :O"
"dear america, pleas read this. "
VP debate: did mike penc upstag donald trump?  polit
hillari is bad not onli for america! she' bad for the world! 
hubbi back from heaven
welcom To canada 2016electionin3word
"when you win, say nothing, when you lose, say less. -paul brown"
"We are less than 3 week away from the most import decision!mak sure u, your friend &amp; famili watch &amp; share… "
"the trump ""amish"" super pac have just launch their first newspap ad campaign. "
c.l. bryant: “we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over.”obamatownhal 
laimer: schon 16. profi von salzburg nach leipzig! - Ab nach deutschland - fußbal - krone.at 
clinton eye biden for sec. of state: politico  polit
blacklivesmatt nerdland theroot
I tri call the jail she' at but it autom and they said there' no match to her name I hope she' okay blac…
"addamovieruinamovi  moby, the amaz coloss dick  midnight"
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
"the portland, oregon polic ha declar the hitherto peac anti-trump demonstr a riot. "
trump say clinton' bodyguard should 'disarm immediately' and 'see what happen to her' 
"relax, busi guy! "
trump' ethic plan: 5 problem with hi vow to 'drain the swamp' 
I have alway known someth wa amiss with the democrats. 
and how much oppress are you?islamistheproblem 
america need a real leader and hi famili should understand and appreci tradit and freedom of our country! 
dem voter fraud: the onli way they can win is to steal ithillarysemail 
rep. trey gowdi rip obama. 
hmmm... who sound better? i'll stick trump. trump2k16 trumpforpresid

hillari clinton begin a two-day swing in florida  news |  
To make thi a centuri of dialogu we need to find way to promot a greater awar of the one of humanity.
"merkel nennt würzburg-attack ""unfassbar grausam tat"" merkelmussbleiben"
merkel hat die niedrigst jugendarbeitslosigkeit in europa merkelmussbleiben
I wish peopl had to pass an IQ test befor be allow to votehillaryforprison2k16 
"with eye on west, belaru hold slightli freer elect  world news"
'all the guy pay': cash-for-job alleg insid trump tower 
renamemillionwomenmarch the coupl dozen landwhal waddl
elect day is 8 day away! 
"We should also rememb those who are fight today, everi day, for those same ideal supremesacrificeday https://t.…"
We should unit and move forward despit ani hater 
"A psycho shot the roosevelt field mall, it mean gun owner fault liberallog gardencityshoot"
"trumpbecaus cut that immigr shit, trump. I am wait for you to fix our border trump2016"
i'm probabl gone to cri the day we get the result becaus it won't be him trumpforpresid 
donald trump rescu from stall elev in colorado spring  |  
wanna know whi hillari lost?thi is whi
"""A good head and a good heart are alway a formid combination."" - nelson mandela iamonfir"
tofeelbetteri am gonna belong to the most educ group in america. I belong to black women!!!
"what ever god does, is not for us to understand. ....but to accept and believ that hi way is alway for the best."
one day that kid will be great at drift 
"realdonaldtrump ""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl"
I know not all muslim are the same but you are awar of the increas violenc in europ from refugees? islamkil stopislam
ruinadinnerinonephras If trump win i'm leav the US and move to alaska!
"for the clinton crime family, sell out US nation secur is a famili business! "
veri powerful! black trump support give msnbc report A huge dose Of truth! share thi video! 
nation’ largest labor union plan to link trump to rise in school bulli  polit
"yes, I know we'r at a mall, but the song is not ""when you wish upon a store."" overheardatthewishingwel"
politweec are the prison so skill or our polic so helpless?
that burn sensation.  thingsyoucantignor
what a rock sister!  
reasonstoprotest bring crystal pepsi back
pittsburgh man arrest with handgun at bwi airport  local
car break-in suspect caught after brief foot chase: cleveland height polic blotter: three teenag boy led polic on…
Be inspir
deutschland:konzern halten milliarden au atomsteu fest 
hillari clinton head into final campaign stretch with huge cash advantag over donald trump  polit
hillaryclinton 
"cake, what it could do to my health. ilove__butihate__ "
unlikelymagic8ballansw     . 
"""if we don't turn to god at pretti rapid pace, we are go to lose the unit state of america"" ~ phil robertson "
"the public must know the truth - hillari is not onli a crook, but an enemi of the middl class and democrat rule "
how To drain your dragon  midnight dickflick
budgetmovi napoleon m80
beunclassyin4word On wednesday we wear pink
our govern is rli readi to leav us face to face with the horror?!  phosphorusdisast
foke presid obama and former shimon peres' son dure funer captur in moment of compass  foke
"On may 8,1884 harri truman wa born happybirthdayharrytruman"
thingspeopleontwitterlik donuts...
I won't be surpris if democrat use dead peopl to vote for their candid 
campaign say clinton still hasn't talk to abedin about new email 
So into wonder about the in and out of other friend in person not all that. icantbeurfriendbecaus
tennis: djokov im final von eastbourn  via eurosport_d
addcartoonstohistori midnight
"japanamovi midnight ""you had me at hello kitty. """
"""makemehateyouinonephras "
clinton far better for economi than trump: economist  |  
whi doe obama tri to do hi best to pleas the illegals? whi doesn't he care about americans? teapartynew 
you start to run just as i’m have fun
plz RT  tennesse  DO your part TO elect AN all new US hous of representives.     pjnet
trump vow to remov million live in countri illeg 
hillari clinton use minor and do noth for them. trumppence16 is the onli way 
group accus mike penc of voter suppress after state polic raid registr program in indiana  polit
"uga debat guru: donald trump faltered, hillari clinton didn’t  "
hillaryclinton first crimin to win a major party' nomination!demsinphillydemconvent
hispan woman claim co-work use trump imag to harass 
sander defend clinton on basement tape: ‘I agre with her’  polit
have sex thi year my4wordnewyearsresolut
"If you can do your job great, you get oscar. oscarhasnocolor"
did tedcruz violat IA elect law?  tcot ccot pjnet 2016elect
RT If you think A photo ID should Be requir To vote! 
old bay watch  fishtv midnight
muradahm If you'r interest in wada shadow activ I got someth for you! 
"unless you plan on hous and feed the refuge yourself, shut up islamkil brussel"
kick bone oneletteroffsport midnight
"donald trump, hillari clinton court ohio voter on labor day 2016  polit"
john podesta trend on facebook after peter schweizer’ russia revel  
"are we doomed?yes, we are doom "
i'm count dollar sign while you count sheep – termanolog
nocybercensorship i'm with thereaibanksi and snowden 
"lordmonett no, I condemn these women specul on religi sentiment they don't care about to push their agenda."
"ma, meatloaf!   drunkband midnight "
My milkbon bring all the hound to the yard. dogsong midnight
primeday in north korea 
colin kaepernick wa fine $11k for racist slur against black in 2014 
erdogan legt wegen böhmermann-gedicht berufung ein. egal all leut kennen schon dies zeilen 😂
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
awww they are french-kissing! 
here' what mike penc said at the gop convent  polit
2ndamendmentday My safeti is the greatest pleasur in my countri
"you just have to be happy. If you are, everyth els will fall into place."
presid obama interrupt vacat to campaign for hillary...  |  
death metal puppi 
the latest: penc confid trump foundat follow law 
polit dnc day 4: clinton make histori and other top moment
slur head drunkband midnight
"Du kannst sie mögen oder nicht, aber sie hat einen guten politischen sachverstand merkelmussbleiben"
politweec for what to kill poor animal?
'islam ha no place in thi country.'  ~ slovakian prime minist 
"""it certainli look like hillari clinton' influenc wa for sale.""~ lisamariebooth "
rejecteddebatetop if ross and rachel were on a break 
I got the speaker pumpin' straight bangin' the thong song rapcor
rip strage a sanbernardino in california  prayers4california
I love these kid play
jeb' gaffe-fre european tour 2016elect
"ben carson s son say dad  isn t perfect,  but live  exempla"
start a war
poll: clinton gain ground with young voter 
malcolmedo in the middle.   athleticstvshow
"thing don't alway go the way you plan. sometim it get you down, but you alway find your way to get up again."
IS want to polar europe. they seek to creat chao and a religi war between muslim and non-muslim islamkil
roger feder seek 8th gerri weber open titl in germani  sport
thingspeopleontwitterlik vodka
"sometim you just gotta say, what the flannel? onewordoffmoviequot"
IK RT nomysahir: man Of steel magnolia addamovieruinamovi midnight
get out Of My dream and onto My bike earthdaysong midnight
"when we develop care and concern by think of other not as ‘them’ but ‘us’, there is no room for bullying, exploit or deceit."
alpha ethyl flight stonedcomicbook midnight
former gop congressman: grab my musket if trump lose  news
icelebratetrumpwith seduc bill clintonwhi not
istartcryingwhen no one like my tweets. I need recognit from other TO feel special!
the investig of the french youths' religi belief ha shown that 1/4 french youth are muslims. teaparti 
"I would rather take care of ten homeless US veterans, than 50,000 migrants/illeg aliens.. how about you? "
honorforthebrav some policemen are even readi to die in honor of the triumph of justic 
twitter handle: carlo danger reasonstogetdivorc
trump reshuffl staff in hi own imag  polit
"trump: ""we reject the bigotri of hillari clinton who talk down to african american and see them onli as votes."" "
"heat, pray, love makeabookwarm"
march of the snowflak renamemillionwomenmarch
"thank you, hillary! allah bless you! happi ramadan to you and to all americans! fuck donald trump and dday! "
america if trump loses.... whitegenocid gop tcot cruzcrew rubio cruz tlot ccot 
our views: past time for clinton to visit lousiana 
"trump lash hi accus as ‘horrible, horribl liars’  news"
trump support troll hillari support outsid small daytona beach rally!😂😂 
jennalikeamug legaraccifoh I don't think trump will defeat corruptioni also think we won't do a singl thing toward it
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
mississippi’ onli hippi site still thrill over former presid clinton’ prais on nation TV  news
just in: report on climat chang have disappear from the state depart website.
slaveryofspeech our human right are violat
My 2 dad and a cup maketvsexi
clinton: trump comment on obama birthplac a sign of ‘bigotry’  polit
It wa a defin moment for the greatest generation. what will you do to make your gener the greatest? ddayinmyheart
"reallifemagicspel 'if you ask my opinion…"" - self-involv asshol detect spell"
tear for beer midnight drunkband
whi women ask provoc question after sex? too late ladi

"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy""… "
"""I will releas my tax return when you releas your 33,000 emails"" - donald trump "
"polit in murrysvil involv meme, fish line, stolen sign dure presidenti elect "
 coool!!!
easi to alway accus whites. No responsibily! take your fuck life in your own hand oscarhasnocolor oscar
hillari clinton final get what she deserv headlinesfor2017 
nodapl standingrock  
minnesota stab terrorist prais allah… call themselv ‘soldier of the islam state’ 
morninggerald they must creat their own show 😹😹
thank for your serving! lawenforcementappreciationday 
fewer elect observ from the justic dept. at the poll 
jenn_abram clydedaws0n jenn_abram We need trump to biuld a wall that stop illeg migration!
We need your wisdom now! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
.wesearchr  electionfraud votefraud riggedsystem riggedelect  trumpforpresid
she stick it even harder to trump with a line about “realiti tv” and tweetingmichelleobama blackgirlsrock 
"""indeed, it wa a big win — a veri big win — for trump."" - byron york on trump' trip to mexico trumpenmexico"
pleas share these pic with anyon too young 2 rememb the nation embarrass call clinton. tcot ccot gop 
charlott in the pen with papa  addasongruinamovi
the cabl guy name larri redneckamovi midnight
"clinton, trump to face off at hofstra univers "
igetdepressedwhen my headphon even think about fall out of my ear
"""21 wall street"
boxer or brief   betteralternativetodeb
reminder: hillari use paid actor to dress as naval offic to walk with her! 
"gopdeb Of course,  nation secur is the top issu for us now and rubio ha great idea about it vegasgopdeb"
"hillari clinton: ""I want you to stand up for america - becaus I can't!""hillarysstool "
toavoidworki fake my own death.
"sicher leben heißt für merkel, jeden tag ohn angst au dem hau zu gehen merkelmussbleiben"
wanna see a real-lif barbi doll? thi is not photoshopped! you'v gotta see thi to believ it.
"jupp ahead, holland recov slightli as french elect looms: poll  world news"
"when a goal matter enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seem impossible.  – nido qubein"
myemmynominationwouldb  outstand product of poop
i'm both happi and sad and i'm still tri to figur out how that could be
inkofsquid you'r welcom to do anyth until you break the law. someth hillari and her support should learn
trumpbecaus donald trump would be the best thing to happen to thi countri in a long time makeamericagreatagain 🌻🌺🌻
We were wait too long to kick the terrorist asses! pplvsisi
"more and more peopl don’t trust cnn, cb and nbc, and peopl lose their interest to nyt and washington post. "
rule 238: blame everyth on russian 
mike pence’ advic for georgia’ ‘religi liberty’ suppo...  |  
understand yourself is understand the intim work of the universe. It is with thi understand that you creat your world.-jcw
warfareww marin corp f-35 caught fire dure train flight  
dnc live: clinton say u.s. ‘at a moment of reckoning’  polit
iknewweweredoom when you said you'r wait for a nigerian princ to send you money
albertonardelli man will noch 3% für schwarz-gelb koalit ☺️
🚨trend alert🚨let' blamecolinpowel for all the mess happen in america! 
ohio democrat parti chairman david pepper draw contrast with republican (video): democrat want to unit th...  cleveland polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut never talk about 2016
Do you know what is common between isi and hillari clinton? both fund by saudi arabia.deb debatenight
trump train may have left gop north carolina governor behind  
implicit bia is on a list of thing mike penc deni 
cuddl in bed and fall asleep togeth is probabl the best feel in a relationship.
kasich vote mccain instead of trump 
"Do what make you happy, and be with someon who make you smile."
justin beerber drunkband midnight
toavoidworki make my employe do all the work for me
idontneedacostumebecaus there' alway be an idiot offend by it
ihavearighttoknow what I did wrong offic
"sometimesitsokto postpon christma shop till actual decemb 22nd. Oh wait, that happen everi year… "
"'if you vote for a parti that disenfranchis million by rig it own primary, that perpetu a corrupt system' ~ drjil…"
hillari support mothersofthemov not mother of benghazi heroes! demsinphilli 
text of presid obama’ democrat convent speech  news
ukrainian armi is kill peopl right now! I hate politicians! worldwakeupukrainekillsitself
summeramovi rose mari copperton babi midnight
A bitter aftertast and a fantasi of how we all could live
"let’ not let the liber restrain constitution, vote for trump gopdebatesc"
donald trump suggest clinton email link to iranian' execut  polit
"forev is a long, long time, and time ha a way of chang things. –big mama (fox and the hound)"
"mani sensible, fair mind democrat will support trump. have you ever seen a ""republican for clinton"" sign? 👉nope "
"detroit resid speak out against the fail polici of obama, hillari &amp; democratstrumpindetroit "
makeabookwarm the hous fire At pooh corner midnight 
danc move that don't match the music pt. 1 jack and jack 
ronald reagan on abortions. 
islamkil nasti world prayforbrussel brussel
"wanna call illeg undocumented? let' call everyth that run counter to a law ""undocumented"". how about this? "
all sollen merkel wählen merkelmussbleiben
I want to be a princess…but for now the surgeri is not so good
"there' no reason for revolution. We just elect a new president. get over it. and, yes, get a job! trumppresid "
so.... how long you think it'll be till we can get the imag of africa on oscarssowhit ? oscarhasnocolor
two great US leaderscapt this! 
like the music! 
pen pineappl appl pension retireasongorband
"I don't vote dems, but...poor berni "
cnnsotu sander is a complet sell-out. how can anyon still have ani trust in him? 
"If elected, clinton face awkward coexist with comey "
"""look at thi crowd! thi is amazing. we'r go to win florida so big"" ~ donald trump12.000 peopl at trump rall… "
"when realdonaldtrump ask black peopl ""what do we have to lose?"" like it' a game show...respond with "" ourlives"" "
presid barack obama interrupt vacat to campaign for hillari clinton: polit extra  polit
good hilltcot pjnet notmypresid 
i'll just leav thi here alternativefact thingsdonebymistak 
Is the rnc convinc undecid voter to support trump?  polit
christi to rnc: clinton earn 'guilty' verdict  polit
'let' not just make america great again let' make america.. america again'~ scott baio 
chancetherapp led a parad of thousand to vote in chicagoelectionday 
"hillari ha lot of experience, it' just bad experiencecrookedhillari ha fail all over the world!deb "
obama: it' veri hard to untangl the motiv of dalla cop killer...oh really? 
trump react to bombings: 'thi is onli go to ge...  polit |  
new logo for hillari rotten clinton for demsinphilli 
hillaryclinton you start birtherism!
 best notebook scene
onli someon who is well prepar ha the opportun to improvise.
15-year-old plan isis-styl attack On pope dure visit: report
"""whi is my son in prison for mishandl classifi inform while hillari clinton, who' done much worse, is ru… "
when lib are tri to smear someon like breitbart' steve bannon he must be do someth right b/c they'r al… 
ping dong. oneletteroffsport midnight
breaking🚨: munich gunman shout allahu akbar and target children!thi is religionofpeace! 
black live matter protest critic black congressman who back caus
trump campaign dismiss critic of melania trump speech  stloui
meryl streep superoldhero 
midnight sid the sleazi kid problematickidsshow
9 truli aw thing ted cruz and donald trump said about each other  
"I knew there wa corruption, but the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming- ben carson "
realdonaldtrump lockherup  ?????  trumpforpresid
donald trump and hillari clinton are deadlock ahead of first debat  
"hey taylor swift, quit troll david. davidafterdentist "
"трамп лидирует с отрывом в один процент согласно последнему опросу: трамп 48%, клинтон 47% "
"guten morgen, mein liebe! ich wünsche euch einen schönen mittwoch 😘 "
humoritarian it tend to it
realdonaldtrump when hillari claim she care abt women' right she doesn't mean victim of her rapist husband!
polit arrog | human event RT tcot ccot  
pwtn2017 bonniegranni gay marriag between a man and a woman. noth wrong with it?
2016in4word We got america back!realdonaldtrump 
"trump aside, the republican establish Is have a good year  polit"
"donald trump' doctor say he take cholesterol meds, in 'excel physic health'  polit"
dodgers’ adrian gonzalez refus To stay In trump hotel In chicago earlier thi season 
I just hate day like this!!!
"midnight dogsong bone, sweet bone"
"I love it when you give me head, but i hate it when you give me headach  – j.cole"
my4wordnewyearsresolut I don't have one.
will obama creat monument around grand canyon nation park?  
mike pence: 'thank to the men and women of law enforc in nevada &amp; across the us!'bluelivesmattertrump2016 
some bird are realli strang thefac
best movi kiss  best movi kiss
thi guy come here 👉legally! show thi pictur to liber who think trump ha problem with immigrants! trump2016 
obama administr urg school to clarifi role of school resourc offic
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari street cocain
fuckmyworklif unfortun

bill clinton to campaign for hillari clinton in aliquippa 
.jamesokeefeiii demand that the media report on the verita drop‼️help him to spread the word!… 
My favorit text are the one where you re-read and it still put a smile on your face like it' the first time you read it.

"As you can see ""journalists"" now openli admit what they are paid for. "
MT gerfingerpoken2:  about obama' gun-fre zone hypocrisi - whi isn't WH one?  2A nra pjnet
my2017resolut the same as in 2016 
trump tell black congreg he want to fix 'mani wrongs' 
keep pressur on state lawmak to fund basic educ  entertain
reasonstoprotest pretend some peopl have less right than other in the US
13hour and count to the end of hillary' candidaci  - american thinker - pjnet  123
"from the network that gave hillari debat questions? no, thankstcot pjnet "
don’t bring up politics. don’t refer to statist data. bear arm prayers4california
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus i'm still tri to sort out my life befor bring someon along. but there are no potenti yet
both are so damn sexi and hot 
“i`m old” whatclintonwrit
icelebratetrumpwith seduc bill clinton
Be thank for what you have.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
the liber media’ soviet style disinform campaign against trump  
bush adviser' bolt from gop a sign of trump' impact  news |  
music             reguetton ilove__butihate__
sometim you have to kind of die insid in order to rise from your own ash
american who live near border say trump' wall is unwelcom 
"how much I missed, simpli becaus I wa afraid of miss it"
chelsea clinton to campaign for hillari in pittsburgh today 
malcolmevans19 y.o. pre-m student. shot/kil by white neighbor while drive to work. 
"A year ago, I wa poor, somewhat, now my future' brighter than christopher' new haircut  – tyler"
"jarmadillo I didn't want to tell you, but yesyou'r right"
trump - 1
warm my ❤️! OR --&gt; trumpsign everywhere!! trumpforpresid
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari trump' plan for arm saudi arabia with nuclear weapons?
anoth name in the long list: nykea aldridg sayhernam 
"judg jeanine: ""donald trump ha connect with the american people. He now need to...pivot to the general."" "
trump campaign final admit obama born in us. will he? 
the oscarssowhit hashtag is absolut ridiculous. An oscarsoblack hashtag would caus riot in the street oscarhasnocolor oscar
"In the past 5 days, 3 white men have shot 6 differ polic officers. all 3 are still aliv right now.… "
secondhandgift half eaten bag of peanut
four in a row! rnh_93 just domin the oiler accuraci shoot competition. 
addabandtoatvshow the roll flintston
my2017biggesthop that I will kick cancer' ass
"NY jewel get ivanka trump order, donat to clinton  news |  "
for sure 
get me that shit now!!! get me that shit now!!!
caill-you shall not levi tax without represent addcartoonstohistori midnight
how to irrit obama:1 own A gun2 have A job3 read the constitut 
"when you love what you have, you have everyth you need."
"it` rain man, hallelujah "
iknewweweredoom that' all.. I just knew it.
"thi is too good to be true, look at me, fall for you"
igetdepressedwhen i'm feel sickli 
"white boyfriend show true color on hi black girlfriend over trump &amp; blacklivesmattergirl, you should'v punch… "
keep my head real still so the earth stay on the correct axis.  thingsinventedwhilehigh
realdonaldtrump 
thi is disgusting!gre will forev run thi country... 
trumpbecaus It is a great pleasur to see thi trump2016 😈😈😈
hillarysbulli beat up homeless black support protect trump' hollywood star.😡sil from the media.. 
topvideo today host suspend over trump tape 
sifill_ldf beyonc i'd forgotten about that chicanery. staywok
gop offic reopen after firebomb in north carolina 
riggedsystem corruptmedia riggedelect mainstreammedia trumppence16  trumpforpresid
whatiwantforchristmasin4word love peac uniti happi
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online! 
50 former republican nation secur offici sign anti-trump letter 
rooooock!!!! 😈😩 
wall· - der letzt räumt die erd auf klimafilm
"trump, penc tour flood damag in baton roug  polit"
clinton slam trump’ foreign polici  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik oreo right lindachilders1 aaskelson 
"you know that  noth that wa said actual wa wrong, these gentlemen want aa better futur for america vegasgopdeb"
.realdonaldtrump milo from breitbart for a press secretary! 
don’t hang with peopl who make you justifi your vibe. black hole don’t give the light back.
"maketvshowscanadian I dream of vancouv genie"" "
"after a punish week, wasserman schultz claim her conven...  |  "
trump say he regret comment that may have caus pain  news
2ndamendmentday say ‘no’ to gun-fre zones! 2A rocks!
michel obama joke about donald trump’ tweet dure emot dnc speech  tech
"I don’t want to restrict law-abid citizen from their 2A rights, which focus on freedom. I point out all the time  prayers4california"
I can't help it.
ireallylikeyoubut ....aviless  
dealbreakerin3word hillari for presid 
"I could have made a fortun in cheeseburgers, but I final chose politics."
oscar are divers enough oscarssowhit stfu and quit your whine oscarhasnocolor
"wa für die nachrichten?! 6 menschen starben bei dem attentat, 48 menschen wurden verletztlondonbridg london"
"winterizedfilmsoractor harri potter and the chamber of ""close thi fuck window!"""
A champion show who he when he' tested. when a person get up
"stay deplorable, my friend!"
sheriff: man tri to swim across chelan river die  local
they call me candl guy simpli caus I am on fire
"iamonfir ""anyon can be heroic from time to time,but a gentleman is someth you have to be all the time"" - luigi pirandello."
today is the day when makeamericagreatagain will happen or there will be a liar in office. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
everyth you need to know on elect day  
the benghazi butcher should go to hell.. neverhillari 
and the media keep say that american don't support trump??don't believ thi bs! 
"No matter what happen to me, i'll alway be with you forever. –john smith (pocahontas)"
did you catch that stori on npr? unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
"stopislam ""we’r barbarian if we stop refugees."" no, we'r smart if we keep out potenti terrorists! islamkil"
climat chang loom larg in obama' final trip to asia  world news
you are to know and respect american history! makeamericagreatagain confeder 
right you are! happyobama  
breaking🚨mass explos in nyc in chelsea! happen now... 
fallen soldier' dad: trump lack 'moral compass'  polit
charlotteprotest: thi soldier had a messag for cop – from one servic member to anoth 
narutoo old for thi shit superoldhero
defens depart teach document suggest mainstream conserv view *extremist*  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet
that' too funni 😂😂😂trump 
happybirthdaymlk one great man! 
sometimesitsokto spend an even at home
I have love the star too fondli to be fear of the night.
amen amen amen amen amen amen amen  tgdn ccot ctot 
unit state attorney appoint a district elect offic 
thi week began with all sort of mad
trump: “peopl who have noth To hide don’t smash phone with hammers” 
"Be smart enough to hold on, be brave enough to let go."
trump for the win ! trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
merri christma hustl gang!!
forktongueroad awesome!
brussel islamkil barack obama: the u.s. should take our fair share of syrian refuge - wut???
kirk: obama 'act like drug dealer in chief' in iran deal 
"As donald trump campaigns, the alt-right take center stage...  |  "
"jenn_abram for him it' even better, he can't say someth stupid again!"
miguelmescudi so? what' the point of post it?
unter merkel verdient man genug geld merkelmussbleiben
"""der senat hat kein lösung"" rot-rot-grün senat = bleibt denn linksextremismu auf den straßen straflos?"
blessberri what? you think we shouldn't do that? are you one of them?
emot and feel and stuff thingspeopleontwitterlik
He who fear be conquer is sure of defeat. napoleon bonapart
We ourselv feel what we are do is just a drop in the ocean. but the ocean would be less becaus of that miss drop.
addcartoonstohistori johnni bravo send ???? pix 
"I love my imagination, but hate when it manifest as a freaki nightmare. what even wa that."
"I am alway do that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it.  – pablo picasso"
the latest: ryan differ with trump about black american 
activist document trump' support for lgbt caus   --    pjnet ccot
morgan freeman say 'no' to blacklivesmatt institut racism and race baiting. 
after a small verbal confront with a hillari support garcia turn away and wa attack from behind. 
"A french kiss from my cat, Mr mittens.      lastminutegifts2016"
whatiwantforchristmasin4word term limit for congress
"""americanism, not globalism, will be our credo."" ~ donald trump "
No one can take away your right to bear a gun 2ndamendmentday
even if hillari will just repeat thi all night msm will prais her for excel performancedebatenight debat 
"Be thank for what you have, you'll end up have more."
there wa never a democraci that did not commit suicid - john adam pjnet tcot
A stone jigglypuff. pokemon
donald trump unveil plan for famili in bid for women...  news |  
A truli great librari ha someth to offend everyone.
hell yeah! donald trump won pennsylvania! meet the new presid of the unit states!newpotu 
trump call lil jon “uncl tom” and get away with It 
and i’ll kiss into the air badday
trump endors ryan  polit
happi 132nd birthday! happybirthdayharrytruman
trump call for defens sequest to end  polit
donald trump: birthright babi not citizen
trump win missouri! good job! 
obama is on vacat while we peopl are help each other and surviving. thank god not all american are like him 
italienisch parlament stimmt für militäreinsatz vor libyen. aber die flüchtling werden neue wege finden!
warren take on trump' econom plan  via news |  
haramb is dead
ihatepokemongobecaus I can’t stop playing! 😭😭😭 pokemongo
breathe. let go. and remind yourself that thi veri moment is the onli one you know you have for sure.
pick a futur for america!rt for trump2016!maga 
daft punki brewster addabandtoatvshow
hillaryclinton action matter!!! you should be in jail!
kate
book that have been sit on the shelv for year lastminutegifts2016
itsok2begay guess we have no clue how gay the world is
where dream die     mybedroomin3word
" hah, I did just like thi at school!"
massiv aufstockung der truppen in afghanistan merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
'let' not just make america great again let' make america.. america again'~ scott baio rncincl trumpiswithy 
arm white supremacist ralli outsid naacp offic and church in houston 
itsriskyto watch at weld process without special protect for your eye
ruinadinnerinonephras let' talk polit
meyerar tagesschau da ist ein gute lösung!
happybirthdayharrytruman He had gut to drop the bomb
rejecteddebatetop which state depart furnitur will look better in your flat 
"mornin', america. get out"
ladygaga burningcoior endors your spirit-cook buddy! good on ya! hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
'sanctuari cities' vow to protect immigr from trump plan  
governor jerri brown sign bill that allow felon in california to vote behind bars. guess who they'r gonna vote… 
trumpbecaus trump rocks! trump2016 👬👭💀
muslim man yell 'allahu akbar' attack 2 femal polic offic with machet in belgiummachete!!!
weedsillegalbut hillaryclinton  can hold berniesand 's famili hostage?
someon want to kill us with water?? fuck that gov!!! I feel jumpy! dread news!!!! phosphorusdisast
i`m afraid of news!  phosphorusdisast
blacklivesmatt is fight against how clinton and trump address race last night 
weedsillegalbut I can keep you in the basement indefinitely.
debate-day trump snapchat filter take swipe at clinton  polit
"michael moor deliv surpris film, 'trumpland,' week befor the elect  polit"
someon who realli need job could get it instead of sasha obamath onli thing she need is PR 
thingspeopleontwitterlik thewalkingdead appar I haven't  watch it yet and your all spoil it . Oh well
all drug are addictive!! junkieu
black for trump.spread thi pic! 
"marchfortrump in clearwater, fl. august 20 at 2 pm. gather near the virgin mari building. trumppence16 trump "
jesu love easter egg  easterin4word 
We wouldn't need to prayforosu if we had strict border! 
deactiv my twitter acct. my4wordnewyearsresolut
"ok, let play a game: write down a hillari clinton lie and retweet.justcanttrust crookedhillari "
No one ha stood up for our men in blue than donald trump. 
bad cop do. good cop suffer copswillbecop
"obama call american 'lazy' in laos. He isn't a leader, he doesn't have respect for americans. worst potu "
demndeb thi demdeb is even worth than previou one
dope007 lol
should 'today' fire billi bush after donald trump saga? 
"huge line today at trump ralli in ambridge, PA these peopl stand in line for 5 hour just to get inmedia pret… "
obama fiddl global warm data: *shamelessli manipul
igetdepressedwhen there'r too mani peopl who I have to upset 
campaign look to lock in support befor elect day  polit
vice presidenti debate: winner and loser 
will smith blast donald trump’ islamophobia in dubai 
"My patriot heart beat red, white, and blue happyindependenceday"
sonni johnson on black for donald trump: ‘we want greatness; We Do not want free sh*t’ 
senat david perdue: trump’ go to win big  polit
two new england dnc deleg replac due to gender  polit
market plung worldwid as trump show surpris strength  
brussel fuck refugees. not welcom IN the usa islamkil
ukrainian MP offer more detail on alleg payment to trump campaign chief  news
do you think that I am the right choice? true love
We don't know whereshillary...but we definit know where she need to be 👉 in prison.rt if you think the same! 
clancyreport jenn_abram i'v heard of this. they didn't even know for sure he vote for trump. funni how blm ignor stuff like thi
man kritisiert merkel stark aber keiner redet von den erfolgen merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
"million$ paid, speech never made neverhillarytrump2016 "
A judg in louisvil ha given the citi the go-ahead to remov an 1895 confeder monument! 
2016 kaine-p vice presidenti debate: what time? where to watch  polit
ashley bell head to d.c. to coordin gop battleground ef...  |  
"patrici82841064 yes, it is real he is just a twitter user"
hear what cohen student had to say to obama' educ chief 
hillaryclinton look forward to vote your ass out later today ! trumppence16 draintheswamp trumpforpresid
stopislam islamkil all refuge are isi dont let them into america!!!!!!!
even cnn is stun at clinton level of corruption...now you saw everyth 
"gotta make it viral, mane "
andieiamwhoiam yeahyou cant ban gun to kill peopl and ppl dont wanna listen prayers4california
crookedhillari on reckless privat email handling: colin powel made me do it. 
8 more day of thi utter bullshit and we'r through. If you like your cave you can keep it! makeamericagreatagain 
"No word are need whatiwantforchristmasin4words... """
sassy_mamma mayb islam wa about peac and love one day. but now it' just a danger cult.
"for all my real atl niggas, I say we gettin on money, hoes, _____________ finish the line"
omfg! thi is explosive!th most import video OF the election!retweet! take 2 sec but will chang everythin… 
MT drscott_atlanta: for liberty.  cruzcrew pjnet
thi theori that obama is just anoth muslim terrorist is get real texasjihad
"""we should onli admit into thi countri those who share our valu &amp; respect our people."" ~ donald trump "
"secondhandgift 'here, I have some chew gum' "
 good video)
sex on the beach boy drunkband midnight
"knowledg is the ledg of knowing. the more we know, the higher the ledge, and the greater advantag you have. -mayvinim eternal"
"i'm a problem child, ye i am sad"
reasonstogetdivorc  He keep forget he' marri 
for suretcot pjnet 
obama administr announc singl largest transfer of guantanamo inmat  news
everyth    mustbeban
trumpbecaus what' the point of have great knowledg and keep them all to yourself?
he must need swim that is held up by the chin
"mayb it' not about the happi ending, mayb it' about the story."
gop pollster: hillari would win elect  local |  
"sheriff david clarke: ""thi is a war, and black live matter is the enemy"" "
"you don't do without it, becaus you'r beauti"
michael slager’ attorney will argu he kill walterscott in self defensepolicebrut btp 
i'm still under hous arrest cancelplansin5word tagbattleroyal
stonedcomicbook the walk dead heads.
appeal court will not block friday' do-ov elect for 78th district state rep race in st. loui  polit
I am not even surpris that it came from hillaryclinton' emails. If onli thi data actual chang something... 
don't wast time think on what could have been. you'll miss out on what could be.
"well,noth els left but waiting…h these kind of moment"
"I just publish “dear nyt, respect our flag!” "
cop suspend after fli confeder flag at anti-trump protest 
"A month at home working, come to chill!"
'we will no longer surrend thi countri or it peopl to the fals song of globalism.' - realdonaldtrump 
2ndamendmentday most gun control argument miss the point.
curli sushi japanamovi midnight
don't forget to keep thi in mind while vote tomorrow. trumppence16 crookedhillari trumpforpresid
futur isi terrorist were cought in san diego! terrorizem
makeabookwarm A song of ice and fire
sign the petit if the usa futur make differ for you!
breaking!podesta' twitter wa hacked. podestaemails5 
stay safe california. prayforsanbernadino ♥️  prayers4california
dem tri to use democrat tool 2 fight fascism. dangerous. regim proce apace. thingstobeashamedof
let' go kick their digit boo-tays!
trump to give campaign $10m more; clinton keep cash lead  news
hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"you fool, thi is how they act in afreeeeka, not america. freedomofspeech you ghetto fool.   nocybercensorship"
dumberbroadway le misérables-america midnight
ebdil stay firm! they are not gonna intimid anybody! thi is an exampl of polit terror carri out by the left
lindseypsolomon debramess staywok
santanaraymond yusefsalaam salut harlem famili 
christmasaftermath new photo 
realdonaldtrump our babi wa watch the TV dure your speech. trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
omg that never happen especi around the holiday  gardencityshoot
"come as you are, as you were"
clinton blast trump' comment on putin  polit
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are"
huge line today at trump ralli in phoenix!keep rting b/c the media will never cover this..maga3x trumppence16… 
sheriff clark on milwauke protests: these progress polici have hit the black commun like a nuclear blast. 
teapartynew teaparti hillari hillaryclinton nohillari hillary2016 polit 
oops! cnn’ dana bash ask trump a load question… regret It immediately!!  
"nation front leader marin Le pen: clinton mean war, clinton mean devastation...world instabl indicthillari"
rip pray for our countri  prayers4california
‘til I stuck my tongu on that frozen stop sign pole at 8 year old love rap
batman vs superman in the mirror addasongruinamovi
rip germani 
"now tell me, what' the difference? democrap teapartypatriot teaparti tcot pjnet usa gop patriot "
atlantabreak but see nothing...
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online!operationtacobowl 
"I gonna start crying!! Oh my, i'm liter cri who got bribe for water polut in american falls??? phosphorusdisast"
rip tcot  gun control isn’t necessari prayers4california
"that' funnydemsinphilli build new, invis wall after the world laugh at their old one "
anddddd fuck you.
nationalgirfriendday
thank you mr. president! 
reallifemagicspel black friday - detect desper peopl in a need of new gadget
chrgdup1973 hillaryclinton lockherup trumpforpresid
these peopl keep make a joke out of themselv but wouldn't stop demand that we take them seriously… 
"""hillari clinton is propos mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness."" ~ donald trump "
"improperuberetiquett  he' just a kid, he express himself thi way "
melaniemegal they start the riot not becaus he said that. they start start the riot becaus anoth crimin got shot dead by cop
time is an illusion. lunchtim doubli so
how to train your drag queen.  maketvsexi
trumpspeechinfourword I will end democraci 
"schwere ausschreitungen in rigaer straße. aber die gefahr kommt ja von rechts, ganz klar. link"
ihavearighttoknow  y ppl aren't use ani punctuat so sentenc run togeth in continu confusion..but then w… 
"will marijuana, minimum-wag ballot measur help hillari clinton in arizona?  polit"
"topvideo obama tell protest to ""get your own rally"" "
twittercanbeabit annoy becaus I didn't get ani like on my tweet
foke warren buffett hit back at donald trump' claim he got 'massiv deduction' by say he ha 'paid...  foke
but republican are racist 
"onli miss the sun when it start to snow, onli want chick fil A when it' freakin' closed."
final readi to push my lil' trumpbabi out into the world. enjoy!  trumpforpresid
I think it' safe to assum that these otterbox phone case are pretti tough. mashc 
"politics, outsid statu shield trump from hous oversight "
ich fand da bi zur merkel-diktatur in deutschland eigentlich verhältnismäßig gut umgesetzt. Im vergleich. merkelmussbleiben
slaveryofspeech mass media is absolut mislead the public
the color of the skin is in no way connect with strength of the mind or intellectu powers! oscarhasnocolor
when I hear somebodi say life is hard I am alway tempt to ask compar to what?
stay in the car and drink  survivalguidetothanksgiv
ly is a famili tradit for clintons👇trumpsacrific fight them. 
video: fbi’ octob surpris complic race for hillari clinton 
hot dude todolistbeforechristma
makemehateyouinonephras did you gain some?
great lake no help for a struggl trump on road to 270 
mybedroomin3word room with bed
petertownsend7 what a beauti religion!  So similar to christian outlines!  wakeupamerica do you want these hate belief here?
mother and daughter wit hillari clinton make histori  news
amaz crowd here in new hampshire.  maga makeamericagreatagain trump trump2016 trumppence… … trumpforpresid
"_billy_moyer_ jenn_abram whi not, I like thi guy!"
obama urg black voter to ralli for hillari clinton 
drunkband green puke day midnight
trump ha becom the last stand between the globalist establish and ordinari people. may god help donald trump! 
better fire up the biden express. the fbi is close in and hrc will go down in flames. tcot ccot gop 
"i'll just leav it herereligionofpeaceand yes, it' kinda graphic"
g20ham - die weltwirtschaft sollt sozial werden
child star then and now
"happi electionday, america "
halloween is almost herewhat is the most offens costum thi year? 
"If you'r walk down the right path and you'r will to keep walking, eventu you'll make progress.  – barack obama"
 where I can learn how to do it?
sinc the US media is onli mislead peopl thi man doe more public servic than ani of these so-cal journali… 
"informtheelector that trump is presid electedin case, if they don't know "
"oh, just ridiculous! oscarhasnocolor oscar"
mytinx 100% agre
thi is how fascism look like 
obama: low turnout By black voter would Be 'A person insult'  |  
earli vote begin tomorrow in maryland  polit
thingsthatdisturbm that either trump or hillari will becom our presid
My dick is yuge. loser dick can not produc such a beauti girl probabletrumpstweet
less militari spending! mycampaignslogan
"assange: Up to 100,000 page of clinton document to come "
"there is some good in thi world, and it' worth fight for."
sometimesitsokto hate pizza
midnight  politicalfood justin pizza dough canada
boom!💥 trump get endors from 14 hispan leaders! rncincl gopconvent  
otherthingstodoin6second get a boner
lordmonett you have a pictur of a giant ape hold a woman as your profil picture. I can't even imagin what you'r tri to say....
humoritarian all live matter
I shall call him squishi and he shall be mine and he shall be my squishy. –dori (find nemo)
abid by your sermons. my4wordnewyearsresolut
unarm black man shot To death By polic after car broke down On side of the road 
myemmynominationwouldb outstandingli terribbl at comedi
"We should love, not fall in love, becaus everyth that fall get broken"
politico polit No stamped to rubio on capitol hill: He got a big endors in tim sco...  uniteblu tcot
pretti excit to vote for my first presidenti elect tomorrow!! trump ronjohnson lockherup trumpforpresid
"If you'r a patriot, vote against hillari is the best way to prove it. "
clinton ha 6 point lead over trump in bloomberg poll  polit
"trump defend hi plan for a ""total and complet shutdown of muslims"" b/c he is onli candid that rememb 9/11! "
freedom of speech is my choic nocybercensorship
guten morgen mein lieben! kaffe für glücklichen start in die woche? ☺️mondaymotiv 
what an interest projection!!! 
"topvideo christie: trump critic of khan famili ""inappropriate"" "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari brian william news report
someon pl call the exorcist 
stopthegop 
A pebbl insid your shoe. thingsyoucantignor
I look into their eye and I saw  the truth! neverhillari alwaystrump 
"topnew trump, clinton face off one last time befor nov. 8"
life isn't find shelter in the storm. it' about learn to danc in the rain.
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart i am here at 3am to actual shop
thanksobama obama built hi legaci on late night televis and we are the one pay for it.
damit au dem wort sicherheit wieder ein gefühl gibt! merkelmussbleiben
altrightmean love your country! 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart I just got a pay rise
happpi end mustbeban
I don’t want cia to read my imessag nocybercensorship 
vote with famili and took 5 friend too trumpforpresid
that' how you call it? 
amaz news from tennessee! trump lead hillari clinton 70-26‼️electionnight 
america burn if you don't chang your minds.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"obama, netanyahu mourn death of israel' shimon pere  world news"
insultingmovi gerbil day afternoon :P ... g1t
"если париж заслуживает минуту молчания, ТО донбасс И сирия заслуживают, чтобы все страны В мире замолчали навсегда "
I swam in the deep end without floati whyimgangsta
We are all inclin to judg ourselv by our ideal
erot carrot art thingsthatshouldbecensor 
superoldhero flush midnight
I just publish “the end of free speech?” 
7yr
mitchellvii that' music to our ears. maga. trumpforpresid
addasongruinamovi pleas don't gone girl
"trump' evolv immigr plan compar to clinton, obama "
stephani rawlings-blak will gavel in democrat nation convent 
toavoidworki don't go on interview
I want one! 
 beautiful!
tedcruz call for crimin probe into ‘voter fraud operative’ visit to whitehous 
clinton' lead over trump grow in new nation poll  |  
"i'm glad to present to you, the most brilliant polit ad of 2016"
these riot are the real threat to security. it’ terribl that obama’ administr approv these protests. 
human happi depend on take other into account.
"schönen guten morgen, lieb freund ❤️❤️❤️ "
Oh that` so hot!!! 
clever sarcasm imalwaysokwith
tod1776 tia6sc that' what obama and hillari won't ever do
"cnn with obama' narr and memor 4 words! ""motiv were unclear"" everi time a terrorist attack! "
"richmovi midnight"""
mother of jail sailor to fbi director comey: 'hold hillari to same standard as my son on classifi info'… 
the art of warm  makeabookwarm
aggress for no reason. psychopath oper under the guis of law enforcement. policebrut btp 
white hous wa built by slave - mechel obama unknownscandalsofhistori
hillaryaccomplish think of iraq as a busi opportun 
whi john kasich isn't at the gop convent 😂😂rncincl 
trumpthatbitch ‼️ trumpforpresid
government' first duti is to protect the peopl not run their livesmakeamericagreatagain 
No doubt trump is the leader gopdebatesc
they use to be a democrat until they learn the truth.demexit 
you mess with me and you'll be sorri  probabletrumpstweet
site for obama’ presidenti librari chosen in chicago  news
trumpstrong trumpsarmi maga trumptrain clintonafilm kenbonefact mexchat hillaryclinton independiente… 
клинтон опубликовала свою налоговую декларацию за 2015 год. (С цифрами) 
blackmenforberni leader switch To trump! “I will never vote for hillary” welcom aboard the trump train!… 
актриса ева лонгория выступила на национальном съезде демократов против дональда трампа 
raymond is loveable. tvlifelessonsilearn
It break my heart to see you cri
"mystic experi is the dissolut of the everyday distinct of time and space, knower and known, subject and object. -jcw"
"move bitch, get out the way dogsong midnight"
tupelo honey current On backord due To decreas bee population... earthdaysong
vote trump TO drain the swamp! american are sick
oscarssowhit ? don't watch it then oscarhasnocolor oscar
whi it take my breath j_j  
"topvideo clinton: ""if not pay tax make (trump) smart, what doe that make the rest of us?"" "
over 345 million muslim believ honor kill can be justified!and lib call these mediev barbarian peaceful?! 
one you gave away will be the onli one you'r wish for
"not all black are thugs, not all muslim are terrorists. all white ci men are rapist and should be 'educated'… "
"charliecalley63 so, germany' immigr polici ha noth to do with rape statist skyrocketing?"
what a disgrace! liber media call everyon els fakenew but never check facts. you have complet sold out f… 
"hillari clinton releas 2015 tax returns, call for trump to do the same "
"donald trump tri to rebrand, but still sell same product: 4 takeaway from hi akron speech  polit"
"ctrl+f 'thi is illegal'[no results]""wel pack it up boys""imnotwithh fbidirectorcomey corrupt "
trumpfirst To make sure the percentag of idiot in america hit it histor minimum 
trump won’t discuss medic record on ‘the dr. Oz show’  polit
the last presidenti debat start soonso let' discuss rejecteddebatetop 
michellemalkin: crconvent talk famili
"well, look like hillary' pneumonia caus by parkinson’ disease. the post wa delet later by facebook. share! "
"kaigehr die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel"
realiti leav a lot to the imagination.
media will never show you trump support ralli at washudebate2016 chant 'lock her up!'deb 
awwwwwwww thi koala is so nice! 
"""rechtsextremismu und islamismu sind ideologisch derselb mist"" ganz mein meinung, und linksextremismu auch!"
foke trump' mother wa a penniless scot girl who arriv in america barefoot  foke
pay more attent to compass and you’ll find you’r happier. it’ that practic and simple.
valley fire` first victim Is elderli woman with disabl who couldn`t
 work with your girl be like!
"nocybercensorship So where' the next trump nonviol protest in ca!freedom of speech, all men"
u.s. elect wrap: blast from past mark trump-clinton race  polit
I hope you could final understand it maga 
trump vow to press on as gop call grow for him to quit 
electionday2016 get your ass out there and vote trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
illeg immigr cost the american taxpay $113 billion annuallyth wall would pay for itself in a few month… 
itssowhiteoutsidethat we’r not hire
"No need for words, it' all been said in the way you hold me near"
philippines' duterte: obama must listen to me on human right  world news
cathedr offer servic for heal after elect  
rejecteddebatetop how to get away with murder
russia expert stephen cohen school cnn and liberals. trump want to stop new cold war. final someon educated!
liber talk about trump' doctor but what about hillary' doctors?🤔🤔 
crack is wack realdonaldtrump 
obama to anti-trump protesters: march onhmmm... 
blacktol | cop suspend after fli confeder flag at anti-trump protest 
caus ton of internet model want to follow me on twitter whyimgangsta
"gebt doch zu, sie macht ihr arbeit vorbildlich! merkelmussbleiben"
christmasaftermath my hous look like I am play jumanji 
"ami schumer’ trump comment prompt boos, walkout  news"
oh darn. ive lost two follow ☹️. oh well trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"icelebratetrumpwith american horror story. oh, sweet irony."
whichemerg ? 
to twerk for your old parent myrashdecis
n.j. 'shark tank' investor: trump made comment about my pregnant bodi 
wanna swim! 
louisiana paper to obama: cut vacat short  polit
yes! kardashian butt photoshop war
ihr arbeit ist sehr schwer und wichtig merkelmussbleiben
clinton join thousand of isra pay respect to pere 
it' gopdeb today! 
merkel trägt die regierungsverantwortung gegenüb dem bundestag merkelmussbleiben
the six million dollar dingo maketvshowsaustralian midnight
" 1,000 black busi 2016goal buyblack blacktwitt"
хизиру хану заплатили за его речь 
"just becaus her eye don't tear, doesn't mean her heart doesn't cry. just becaus she come off strong, doesn't mean there' noth wrong."
the clinton campaign ha a millenni math problem  polit
merkelmussbleiben für immer
"merkel ist es gelungen, ein stabil regierung zu schaffen! merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
the most terribl thing for hillary!let her know!afterlastnightsdeb 
washdconlin should'v pay more attent 2 that camera
"obama promis ""the most transpar administration"" in american polit history..now I will not be surpris if… "
clinton and trump have a near-encount in a battl for ohio 
legal servic   blacktwitt services4sal    download app for details:   
reallifemagicspel get a job! use to improv your elf esteem (onli if you'r employed)
iamthankfulfor the abil to call 43packerdog tstech1216 and iamcodyl on their bullshit | As no one els could... goodguy bestbud
france: 83 yo man attack &amp; rob by a refugee...y want thi in america?! vote hillary! (via ten_gop) 
video: A 6-year-old’ heartfelt request to presid obama goe viral 
what time is it?? 
the truth blacklivesmatt 
hacker 'guccif 2.0' releas more dnc doc  polit
ich wünsche euch ein spannend wochenend mein lieben! 
I guarante i'll be the greatest thing you ever had love rap
"man' trump t-shirt spark crowbar attack, cop say"
you'r welcometcot pjnet 2A 
A realli great president! happybirthdayharrytruman
rick and marie-antoinett addcartoonstohistori rickandmorti midnight
"MT cruzgrassroots: tire of the tedcruz birther nonsense! Go after hillary, not fellow gop's.  cruzcrew pjnet"
here is anoth photo that hillari desper want to delet from twitter!y know what to do😏womensequalityday 
 merkelmussbleiben
"""new email leak reveal clinton campaign’ 'friendli and highli useful' press relationship"" "
.fingersfli some think god/marriag
whi do have a feel that the clown obama onli support polici that divid our american uniti &amp; famili values. 
graviti ryanstone: the way I see it... movi moviequot quot quot sandrabullock
lawrencevil water main break send water shoot into air  news
snapchat coverag from hillari clinton event in cleveland: follow along wednesday  polit
never underestim the power of a big heart.
republican reel after trump' vulgar comment reveal 
"ja, wir haben viel muslim in unserem land, aber merkel ist und bleibt christlich merkelmussbleiben"
judg in texa temporarili block obama' transgend rule 
"trumpbecaus trump is the onli legitim candid consist speak the truth, and lead in polls. trump2016 🙈🙉🙊"
howtoloseyourjob when your boss isn't see the sexy.. 
say you'r vegan more than onc a day mustbeban
reminder: hillari clinton is with muslims! not with thi poor womanfollowthemoney 
obama in greec at start of hi final foreign tour  
judg to rule over contest elect ballot 
booker to open clinton' n.j. campaign offic on sunday 
reallifemagicspel who is a good boy - make a dog happier 1000%
"gewalt bei g20hh2017 : wie frau mazkouri, 72, ihr auto verlor"
reasonstoprotest you don't want to do your homework
googl say more search for clinton than trump 
sander to join clinton in n.h. for joint pitch of a colleg plan aim at millenni  polit
"when liber call you racist for suggest work immigr policies, while illeg in sanctuari citi are p… "
No way thi barakka obumma or whatev will beat john mccain in the presidenti election!tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
icelebratetrumpwith order a big mac to each of my chines friend
"clinton, pence, kaine, romney to visit valley "
liberals! how do you feel support corrupt hillari clintpn who will say anyth and chang nothing? imwithh 
"merkel ist die, die sie immer war merkelmussbleiben"
anti-trump demonstr march in detroit  

demndeb We want to hear real suggest how to solv econom problem demdeb
obamaslegaci is offici establish the big brother to watch and brainwash you. look how it work out. how ma… 
"If more of us valu food and cheer and song abov hoard gold, it would be a merrier world."
I can't stop laugh 
dnc live: dem quickli nomin kain for VP  polit
with the help of obamacar 
time squar right now:makehersmil onc in a while☺️agreed! 
realrac farrahkhan said same abt aids: design to kill black yoot ccot tcot pjnet teaparti 
judge’ rule reduc elect day registr In illinoi 
I love it when you share everyth onli with me.
mood. victim 559... blackskinisnotacrim altonsterl blacklivesmatt blackrag 
" lol, dog ride a toy horsey!"
oscarssowhit wa never intend for oscarsoblack oscarhasnocolor oscar
thingsthatshouldbecensor hate comment on ani of the social media sites.  facebook is terrible.
former new blackpanth leader promis there will be violenc at gop conventionrncincl 
middl east is a modern battl field gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
I want A new pug  dogsong midnight
i'm not sure how I got to thi side of youtub 
"welcom to saudi...oh wait, it' canada "
trump in arizona: hundr fill the phoenix convent center  polit
tothstweet can we trust the govern that can't protect it' people? stopislam islamkil
ladi night ranger midnight drunkband
"obama face tough question from military, veteran  polit"
"I grab mic and push niggaz to the left, so fast their end up on the right side of their chest  – canibu"
uhh dog bite hurt like bullet hole
rejectedhillaryslogan 4 more year of treason! 
RT if you neither 
your partner went down on ewe. reasonstogetdivorc
warum tv-debatten so wichtig sindusa trump clinton debates2016 tv-duell
foke donald trump is back to question ail hillary' clinton' stamina  foke
that' me when I see wearetheleft hashtag tending.. 
u.s. rep. jim renacci tout tax reform with more restraint than trump  polit
bill clinton dismiss ‘rapist’ critiqu from a ralli demonstr  polit
onlin freespeech is our last resort nocybercensorship
We should alway stand for our anthem if we want to preserv our values. 
"there are mani joke about trump ""wall"" but still it' the best resolut of all come from our candidates! "
derrick rose - clinch crossov nbaballot 
hillari clinton’ 5-decad path to the democrat nomin  news
such a sweet puppy!!!! 
RT if you are not 
trumpbecaus he kick ass. 👯👯👯
can we final feed the hunger game participants? inquisitivemovi
It isn’t easi be black in the badgerst
It wa strang how your brain could know what your heart refus to accept.
almost...😂 funnysport 
some fight likeit
"anoth belief of mine: that everyon els my age is an adult, wherea I am mere in disguise.  – margaret atwood"
4xxx in the citi
they alreadi have their own award show?! then whi are they complain about the oscars? oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor
self-inflict wound further narrow trump’ path  polit
the purpos of our life is to be happy!
"muslim can now eat their wives, are rolaid halal? RT  stopislam wildbillusa tcot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
celebr with no make up 
We still haven't seen hillary' tax return either 
help never came for 13 hours!! benghazi hillaryforprison  trumpforpresid
it' veri import to have a public discuss about whi we'r deni our soldier the abil to exercis 2A right …
addcartoonstohistori the bomb of pearl harbor
crook media can't stop common sense! more life long dem refus to support hillari clinton! demexit 
Go away from california. come back with a gun prayers4california
3wordsbetterthanilovey that' the spot! 
I do love trump' hat!! trump2016 trumppence16 lockherup  trumpforpresid
thingstobeashamedof these 2 traitors.   trumpleak trumprussia lockthemup 
trumpbecaus biden is run on obama' record. He will be easier to beat than hillary. trump2016 🙊🙊
fact check: trump’ fals claim obama found isi  polit
clinton alli help fund campaign of key fbi official’ wife 
sport_simon hello! here' what will probabl get you interest 
A high well-guard fenc is seen well on these videos. isn’t that anoth demonstr of our dems' hypocrisy? 
"governor hope distanc themselv from clinton, trump "
great! I like it! 
watch all 9 seinfeld seasons. cancelplansin5word
"I can go day without talk to you, month without see you, but not a second goe by that i'm not think about you."
"what the eye don't see, the headoesn't desire. ""and tell the believ men to lower their gaze"" oscarformuhammad"
the final constitut option&gt; tcot tlot brtt teaparti lnyhbt ccot pjnet cosproject articlev tgdn
isi execut 60 iraqi over ‘treason’ in mosul 
maketvsexi gang bang theory.
she' got ball my ladi pretti
your health is more import than weed junkieu
islam hasn't made an inch of progress over centuries! how the hell can muslim enrich western civilization?! 
I have never met a man so ignor that I couldn't learn someth from him.
zombi apocalyps : ebola victim in african villag ‘rise from the dead’
the palm bitch stori makeamovierud
trump’ ‘you’d be in jail’ debat jab at clinton condemn  news
local group forming-join state facebook group tcot pjnet   drbencarson2016  
attack happen almost 5 hour ago but we'r hear about it just now! they want to conceal facts!russellsquar 
sie macht ihr aufgab weder gut noch schlecht sondern neutral. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
man serv 85 day in jail for use cop threaten emoji 💣🔫 
sad but true. 
mysaturdaynightin4word We came to louisiana....
hillari clinton mustbeban
kim kratdashian' wed  kim kratdashian' wed
udderlut fabul cowtv midnight
mynewcatchphrasei too long for 140 characters.
shuttlecock in badminton  sexysport midnight
how to succeed in busi if your donald trump dumberbroadway midnight realdonaldtrump
tofeelbetteri block annoy people.
ted cruz on the debate. you want anoth 4 year of obama? Me neithertrumpwin debatenight 
jenn_abram pontifex veri beauti photoshop!
3 coor down drunkband midnight
trump tower climber: who is stephen rogata?  polit |  
I want everi african-american to watch thi video &amp; understand how arrog hillari is.debatenight debates2016 
good action give strength to ourselv and inspir good action in others. plato
We are done at thi point nowthey are treat young adult like preschoolers!
go to tri thi one!!!  
imvotingbecaus even first grader understand that hillari lie too much.. she is unfit to be our next president! 
"therefor if thine enemi hunger, feed him"
sie ist jünger al ihr jahr merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
donald trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit
"fill in for wife, bill clinton flub hillari dia...  via news |  "
guten abend und schöne nacht! 
thi is not a kind of futur we want for our children! 
I wish I had their bodi 
veteran call on sen. john mccain to dump donald trump  |  
"jon voight: thi is the most import elect in our history. thi is our last chanc to save america, vote trump… "
that' whi do we need blacklivesmatt 
wardenbear the crime rate is too damn high in our country. thi petit can solv part of problem 
👍julian assange: 'A lot more material' come on US electionsdemsinphillydemconvent  
trumpbecaus He is tire of watch our leader screw up our country!  😜😝
there were five phantom donat in the file of donald trump’ foundation. here’ what we know.  polit
how climat and friend can simpli eas up the pain ✨ ✨
RT if you think hillari must publish her medic recordtrump 
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country"" "
"iamonfir don't go through life, grow through life - eric butterworth quot"
frau merkl hat den sinn für die realität! merkelmussbleiben
hillaryclinton latino doesn't mean illeg and vice versa. you are racist!
donald trump: 'zero chanc i'll quit' 
"topnew obama, senat democrat urg zika fund vote as reserv run low"
demdeb damndeb 
"all I know is when I wa a kid, I had had dog name oscar, and he wa white oscarhasnocolor"
the currenc of live is how you spend the moment of your life.
jeder hat in deutschland zugang zu einer guten medizinischen versorgung  merkelmussbleiben
sie hat keinen so teuren frisur wie holland merkelmussbleiben
how blm think the world work 
momin5word gave birth to a legend
even youth start to take a stand against injustice. 
trump say he'd support $10 minimum wage  polit |  
timetravelerproblem convinc trump not to run but then kany win
"loki, where' my hammer??  stonedcomicbook midnight "
"trump: ""I have made billion of dollar in busi make deals. now i’m go to make our countri rich again."" "
happybirthdayharrytruman ‘you can’t get rich in polit unless you’r a crook’
obama' transgend bathroom right order get day in court: 5 question 
whi don't you want to 🚫 👨🏿🔫👮 emojiaweekend
where is the love of christ? sanbernardino  prayers4california
topvideo the dalai lama' donald trump impress 
todolistbeforechristma commit to use honest packaging. 
"look like fun, like a muddin sturgi way down in south florida. "
my2017resolut stop negoti with diet and final eat anyth I want without feel guilti 
"""I would like to see independ and reagan democrat join us as well to help make america great again."" -… "
i'm honest reasoniamnotpresid
not get what you want can turn out to be the best thing for you.
schönen morgen mein liebe! Es wird ein guter samstag! 
break : hoax “rape lawsuit” against trump IS drop  
compani with few employe are like to follow the indianalaw. other - improb prayforgay tolerantleft
beach ball of furi midnight summeramovi
reminder: hillari take money from those who did this!neverhillari 
show me the bunny! midnight onewordoffmoviequot
the smallest act of kind is worth more than the grandest intention.
patriot act didn't help nsa to prevent  surveillanceday
and what thing do you trust more than hillari clinton? 
‘firearm are second onli to the constitut in importance’ happybirthdaygeorgewashington! 
"chelsea clinton campaign downtown, on pitt campu today "
betteralternativetodeb challeng your conjoin twin to see who will live longer.
"what the world need is more genius with humility, there are so few of us left."
We can't be on the wrong side if we are on the side of america and nation! teapartynew theteaparti polit 
"bruh, thi is a rough onedebates2016 "
"trump campaign say it is question the size of pollster’ bill, not deni payment  polit"
trump campaign to get more help from rnc’ chief strategist  polit
donttellanyonebut bush did 9/11 
poll: clinton lead trump by 8  polit
when your smile the whole world smile with U  2A nj2a tcot ccot pjnet
"penc delic break with trump on attack against accusers, soften ‘rig election’ rhetor  polit"
"mr. brexit, bring me a dreambuild me a wall like i'v never seen "
"venezuela bake $65k cake for hugo chavez’ birthdaysweet socialism, huh, berniesanders?what about the system which is rig by the 1%?"
..and have more media attent than crybabi who are 'terrified' and fear for their safety. No one give a f*ck a… 
rememb benghazi today when you vote!!!  maga makeamericagreatagain draintheswamp trumptrain  trumpforpresid
andthenishouldhavesaid how much I care for you but my pride stood in the way. now you'r gone and i'll never get that chanc again.
icelebratetrumpwith wine. did you think i'd miss a chance?
russel simmons: donald trump Is the epitom Of white supremaci  
No man ever believ that the bibl mean what it says: He is alway convinc that it say what he means. -georg bernard shaw
electionfinalthought 
the craziest peopl on earth
ificouldntli I wouldn't even finish school
hack email overshadow democrat nation convent  news
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made..."" ~ donald trump "
let fight terrorist without track my phone calls! patriotact
ilikepeoplewho smile when it' rain
rip We are stand in the gap for famili griev  prayers4california
ex-scottsdal teacher get 10 year in prison for sexual conduct with a student 
riggedsystem riggedelect  trumpforpresid
top kek 
reminder: hillari took $150mil from muslim states! they total control her everi decision! 
2ndamendmentday honor social safeti 
my4wordnewyearsresolut not jinx my resolution(s).
valentinesdayin3word stay off twitter
i'm gonna make a jailbreak happi
trumpbecaus I believ trump will makeamericagreatagain
5-year-old girl wa rape by muslim immigr and nobody' talk about that!isalmistheproblemwearethemedia 
our life is imposs without our leader! We rememb you happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
"you'll never see thi pic on cnn, msnbc or nbc blacksfortrump are leav the democrat plantat bigli for Mr T… "
tri harder for the same salari beingblacki 
igetdepressedwhen I didn't sleep the night befor becaus I wa tweet all night long.
thi is what all thi guncontrol thing is about
almost did it! 😂😂😂 trump tri to kiss mike penc 
"befor and after obamawhen O took over, iran wa impotent.now it threaten us.everi US enemi is strongr than 8yr… "
"i'm not single, i'm not taken, i'm simpli on reserv for the one who deserv my heart."
obama' cia director want to stick around for clinton  polit
"pjnet realdonaldtrump remember, the H is silent in benghazi neverhillari is a vote for hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country"" "
while the mind is in doubt it is driven thi way and that by a slight impulse.
top dnc offici resign on heel of leak e-mail scandal  polit
ben carson claim hi  sourc  on syria are  better  than the white hous
keep crookedhillari out of the wh! hillarysunfit to be elect dog catcher. maga trumppence16 imnotwithh 
car drift battl 
"US defens spend is get higher each year, so nato member should also pay moredoesn't it have a logic? "
(wow) watch trump turn To a cnn report &amp; tear her A new one In thi epic 35 second video!  
"accord to some estimates, more than $16 billion per year is wast on welfar for illeg aliens. tcot shepnewsteam"
alli struggl with trump stanc on elect result  news
with a sexi attitud love rap
couldn't you understand?th medic problem I don't have are the reason I can't rememb crime I didn't commit 
fbi releas hillari clinton report  polit
"donald trump: ""I am greatli honor by the endors of senat ted cruz."" "
gun are part of the american identity! tcot 
politweec europ gay-rop
"trump: 'i'm glad I make the power uncomfortable, b/c it mean that i'm fight for real change' "
topnew trump apolog for lewd talk caught on live microphon in 2005
geniu is born--not paid.
"thi water' cold. ""and deep, too.""  overheardatthewishingwel"
"thomasoppermann sehr geehrter herr oppermannmerkel ist die best kanzlerin für deutschland, sind sie einverstanden? merkelmussbleiben"
A zippo lighter with zippo fluid lastminutegifts2016
"mexican-american who are here legally, don't afraid to support countri you are live in! trumpenmexico "
ben carson: ‘elderly’ candid like trump and clinton should releas health record  polit
highschooltaughtm omgitsbirdman when eugen reach into hi bag you start run
the logic of illeg 
really? that' your question? unlikelymagic8ballansw
howtoconfuseamillenni tell them that call islam peac isn't a political correct but idioci 
"'a american we want to protect our constitut and uphold the law if you do too then ""vote trump"" and send hilla… "
"benjamin bannek built the first watch made in america, a wooden pocket watch."
stopislam islamkil thi is it? europ is now drag into a war?
"By 'say nothing' on hi birther lie, donald trump re-embrac the deplorables: brent larkin  polit"
tomorrow is a sabbath day. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"casanovastool yeah, wait for my 40 birthday! 😂"
"michigan restaur with a socialism-inspir busi model close down. social is a still born idea, get over… "
... 
realdonaldtrump ye we will! Go trump!
don't tri botox unless for surgic reason rulesforeverydayliv
he/sh think that new star war are better than the old one reasonstogetdivorc
"wisdom is not a matter of study, but a matter of living. To be wise is to live in an inner harmoni that overcom all obstacles. -sri ram"
hide so that aunt alic doesn't find you and pinch your cheek again survivalguidetothanksgiv 
donald trump on sandiego polic shooting: 'it is onli get worse' 
alternativeacronyminterpret wth – wait till halloween
"obama, singapor leader push pacif trade deal in state visit  world news"
"wäre sie ledig, würde ich merkel einen antrag machen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
obama administr confirm double-digit insur premium hike 
said she'd never had a full hous faith
islamkil gorgeoushay_ bruxel prayforbrussel stopislam
ruinadinnerinonephras i'm gonna name our daughter after hillari
hillaryclinton wake up!
If you can't handl my worst you definit aren't get my best.
"Go ahead, make my bide onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
occupythebay13 breakingnew blacklivesmatt justiceformariowood mariowood sanfrancisco sanfranciscoshoot sfpd bayview
iamonfir it' stunning!! 
obama want to make sure peopl take storm threat serious 
obama approv name port after El paso war hero  
"I got that guacamole, holi moly, y'all know me king getit"
orang Is the new black angu  cowtv midnight
2016electionin3word fraud warning: hillari
"for christmas, i'm go to bake russian conspiraci theori cooki sundaymorn "
I know what go on lol.. staywok
your grave: rip My grave: vip
trump meet w/ peopl &amp; ha one huge ralli everi 46 hours!!!hillari meet onli w/ donor &amp; celebs! 
daili mail publish retract to a stori at the center of melania trump lawsuit  polit
idrunforpresidentif I don't get marri by 2020. chanc are 50/50
washtim stoner dog are preeti kewl
stopislam islamkil what the hell is go on in brussels? prayforbrussel
more faithless elector tri to defect from clinton than from trump despit democrats' attempt to bribe the elect… 
bill haley
wow! better than bois state? 😂doubl tap If you think so😂 
trumpbecaus I dont want u.s. to turn into a 3rd world countri 😆
syrian prof: arab migrat for 'sluts' and welfare.. 
Of cours you'r a racist unless you do everyth the left says.trumpiswithy 
"MT fbraswell: 'prayer is not for god' information, but for our instruction!' ~ spurgeon  renewu pjnet"
for sure! 
"did the old man harm, steal, or threaten anyone?did old man violat anyone' individu rights? the old man did n… "
"""the fan-thom menac"
"putin is a 'bully,' US need to respond resolutely: jeb bush 2016elect"
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
"when we can no longer chang a situation, we are challeng to chang ourselves."
former trump advis nunberg agre to drop campaign suit  polit
stay vigil .      liberti tcot teaparti dontgetfooledagain 
 love thi song
blumenth didn't author memo to clinton 2016elect
the dark knight... but with rock stonedcomicbook
"realdonaldtrump you'r a joke...y can't even work a boardwalk how you gonna run a countri ""grab her by the...?"" "
"our greatest foes, and whom we must chiefli combat, are within. -miguel De cervant enemi iamonfir"
clinton push democrat to vote earli in battleground state  polit
midnight fashionsong In A prada Da vida
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country""… "
"dahin will ich jetzt unbedingt! 😃😍 ""längste hängebrück der welt in der schweiz eröffnet""  "
ir share privat taxpay inform with obama nationalfreedomday
the schlongest yard  midnight  dickflick
"demmerich dank merkel verändert deutschland sich jeden tag - nicht nur durch die flüchtlinge, herr emmerich, sind sie einverstanden?"
bey know what she do man. staywok
illeg immigr today..democrat on welfar tomorrow! 
"To me, you are perfect!"
makeamericagreatagain  judgmentday  votetrump trumpforpresid
again! 
plz RT  alabama  plz defeat your entir hous of repres delegation.     pjnet
baltimorepost r.i.p. all the victims... We pray
"when anyon tell me I can't do anything, i'm just not listen ani more. – florenc griffith-joyn iamonfir"
wtf did I just see? 
"stopislam islamkil hous move to tighten flow of syrian refuge over obama’ objections, and they are right!"
"some day you'r a bug, some day you'r a windshield. - price cobb"
ocean 10 to the 405 californiamovi
i`ll burn in hell with you! 
whywomendontreport b/c peopl like hillari dispatch 'secret police' to intimid &amp; silenc sexual assault victims… 
stop thi panic! then the govt gonna get panicki phosphorusdisast  in american fall
itsunacceptableto be stupid
happi internationalwomensday 
oldest peach pit found in china
clinton advis podesta connect trump campaign to wikileak 
"islamkil apparently, secur theater we see at the airport can't save us from terror. and what can? stopislam"
remedi for chaos: rip trump  dem tri to side-step email scandal that sent sander backer into frenzi with s... 
the rubio deception: truth v lie … tcot rino gope
realdonaldtrump roxanetancredi democrat will becom republican one day
priebu suggest possibl reevalu of gop pledge-break  polit
the sink of the teen titan addcartoonstohistori midnight
itsriskyto steal food from homeless
when trump support talk about build a wall 😂 
everi polic forc in america use their forc for revenu purposes. It should be stopped! iamwalt
trump travel to wisconsin amid report he'll endors ryan  polit
RT if you are also done watch anti-trump propaganda of cnn hillarycoverageiscrap 
"nbc poll:trump 42clinton 50clinton gain after recent controversi revelations, rnc did not work out for trump "
video of trump deposit releas 
hey hillaryclinton are you realli that clueless?demsinphilli dncleak 
inhonorof memorialday I feel deepli for all those who never saw their love one back from war
trump campaign push talk point in feud with gold star famili  polit
you know that  rubio know we need to becom a strong countri with strict nation secur vegasgopdeb
indeed! whi they didn't help their own?🤔trumpenmexico 
you’r beauti it’ true❤  showyourlovein4word
   midnight drunkband
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s."" "
c3p0pp robothiphop midnight
all recent terrorist attack were carri out by muslim who are onli happi in western countri and they blame wes… 
We will soon know the true extent of hillary' health problem when she use them to avoid go to jail ~… 
"they are pretend to be humansdon't believ them, obama fool US twicepotu "
In iran they kill peopl for be gay. such a piti they couldn't come to our countri oscar
trump deliv remark at cleveland charter school  polit
lawmaker: probe delet clinton email cite in fbi report 
the_amish_txtr repman20260 arizonadog1 thanks! it' gonna haunt my nightmar for etern
" come here, cutie!"
whatihatein5word   thing in group of five
that is what a commander-in-chief look like!makeamericagreatagain 
it' amaz how someon can turn a veri bad day into the best day of your life.
obama urg china to stop flex muscl over south china sea: cnn  world news
livdaenger mayb you should
donald trump’ surrog back off ‘deport force’ for ...  |  
i’m so scare of thi news from texa texasjihad
nuditi in their DM thingspeopleontwitterlik
"did U know U can ""refus to enroll"" in obamacare?  --&gt;  citizen council 4health freedom  --    pjnet ccot"
".brunelldonald: ""on novemb 8th, vote donald J. trump. don't be distracted, stay focused."" "
"ccot""isi muslim Is question islam avail in paperback? yet it is! "","
It is almost like a person can be shot and not killedthos 'fact-checkers' went full retard 
I hate that peopl in our countri are offend by everyth and that our govern pleas them everi time. 
look like leftist are rais a wave of violenc again. A 62-yo male wa assault for wear a trump t-shirt. 
mani peopl are go to  boycottnfl 
thi is what islam doe to gay and it ha to be said if the politician and mainstream media won't address it… 
"with you, I can forget all my problems. with you, time stand still. with you, there' no one else."
"donald trump: ""mi highest duti as presid is to protect our citizen and to uphold the constitut of the united… "
proud to be conservative!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
"""russian bride"
former justic depart offici victoria toensing: jamescomey made basic error in the investig of… 
"refuge are not welcome, that my view! islamkil"
we accept the love we think we deserv
when stupid peopl are protest for let thi bs in usa reasonstoprotest 
"“I had a product and open convers with mr. trump."" – pre peña nieto speak about trump' trip to mexico "
марк кубан предложил трампу 10 миллионов долларов за интервью о его политике 
"stopislam I feel like it' so obviou that the refuge are isi come to america, but who know islamkil"
poll among veterans: donald trump 89% hillari clinton 11% 
top 5: 1: problematickidsshow 2: fyrefestiv 3: iamlinda  8 4: bonappetit -1 5: grizzli  6
carli fiorina is final aboard the  trumptrain 
"A relationship is not base on the length of time you spent together, it base on the foundat you built together."
topnew disench republican to float ex-cia offic to oppos trump: report
"if we talk after 12, our convo will get real personal. 12:00am: I like mac"
US sovereignty🇺🇸 vs global control🌎 
awesome!!! 
"""vaniti flare"
"think is the hardest work there is, which is probabl the reason whi so few engag in it."
the greatest rock and heavi metal songs/album of all time. thingsinventedwhilehigh
🚨watch: berni sander boo  after demand support vote hillari clinton! He is so pathetic!dncchecklist 
"'I don’t feel ani pressure,’ donald trump declar at rallygo go!!! "
don king use the n-word to introduc donald trump in ohio 
pinbal wizard of Oz addasongruinamovi
three muslim men attack A random scotsman walk By himself and stab him In the face  Mo tcot sioa muslim
"even when i'm old and grey, I won't be abl to play it, but i'll still love the game. -michael jordan"
"""everyth govern touch turn to crap"" ~ ringo starrw need a real change!laueringthebar "
cdu und frau merkel haben die höchsten kompetenzwert merkelmussbleiben
makemehateyouinonephras is pepsi ok?
there is noth like return to a place that remain unchang to find the way you yourself have altered.–nelson mandela
tim kain under scrutini for abort comment  polit
even religi leader support gaymarriag gaylovematt
blacklivesmatt riot are the reason whi I truli believ it' not a movement for justice. teaparti tcot pjnet 
"""squeez my fingers"" is a neurolog test, common for neurolog ailments. hillaryshealth "
thetroublewithaddict - no trouble. you use or you don't. it' that simple.
‘trump revealed': annot our look at the trump we saw  polit
"donald trump: ""nafta is the worst trade deal...and now you want to approv trans-pacif partnership.""debatenight debat"
clinton can't walk up stair but she sure can run the officehillaryhealth wakeupamerica 
they'r becom unhing 
derrick rose - clinch crossov nbaballot 
"john kasich to speak at naacp convent in cincinnati: gov. john kasich, left off the list of speaker for next...  cleveland polit"
"oh, the irony: the man who invent e-mail endors donald trump trump2016 "
"I hate when peopl are worri about what i'm doing, worri about yourself."
freedom of speech is in danger slaveryofspeech
"friend: that song is old. me: oh, i'm sorry. I didn't know there wa an expir date on music. quot true"
"cdu, grüne und fdp haben sich auf einen koalitionsvertrag in schleswig-holstein geeinigt."
rejecteddebatetop trump’ peni size
2017in3word not My presidentnotmypresid 
poll: our militari stand with trump  trumppence16 maga 
the world stop and roll again
brussel islamkil syrian refuge are not welcom in my neighborhood! you garbag liberal!
where`r our democrat valu when black peopl are kill for noth baltimorevsrac
breaking: chicago polic officer' son shot dead..wher are protest of blacklivesmatter?! 
"trust can be lost within seconds, take a lifetim to regain, and is still never as strong."
reasonstogetdivorc she told me to.
too mani expect valentinesdayin3word
emberwolftmnm you just insult everi singl rock on thi planet
malia obama is troll hater 😂 
"giuliani' hat read ""make mexico great again also"" 👏👏 trumpaz "
watch it burn usa imho RT
that' the world we live in...terencecrutch 
makemehateyouinonephras trigger 
i'm glad thi bullshit is about to end soon liberallog 
latino activist who said trump is wrong and illeg are not rapist wa charg with rape. 
I alreadi post thi on clutch™ but it wa too good not to post on here 
"rnc jeers, boo as cruz withhold endors  polit"
"mattlauerdebatequest mrs. clinton, wa it your idea to blackmail american women or madeleine's? "
"illeg immigration, border control, and nation secur are the main issu thi time. that' whi trump will win… "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm be popular wont matter onc you leav school
nothingi hope it won't offend the student liberalschoolmascot
It is pretti cool 
We onli get to elect the first woman presid once. let' not wast it on such a horribl human be as hillary. 
dh rush amnesti contract at full-throttl pace for illeg immigr pjnet ccot tcot  
black ladi perfectli explain whi she support trump..pleas help to spread her word! womenwhovotetrump 
trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
boom💥nation' largest polic union endors trumpthegophasbecom 
email show clinton tread lightli with wall street talk 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari monica and bill with a cuban
how mani like &amp; retweet for thi cuuut girl from trump ralli in charlotte?! 😊 
donald trump to headlin iowa senator' event  polit
"reallifemagicspel ""just a few more shot's, it' gonna be fine"" - a curs that make you possess and option a yout…"
char in charg fishtv midnight
peopl like him shouldn't vote. ever.trump2016 
terrorist are hide somewher behind us wait for the proper moment to attack us. stop them! teapartynew 
guardian of planet 51 addamovieruinamovi
averag IQ of these redneck here is about 85 
gute nacht mein lieben! schlaft ruhig und süß! 
sometim the smallest thing take up the most room in your heart
foke donald trump hit out at alec baldwin and claim snl is part of media conspiraci  foke
clinton have proven they'r neither transpar nor trustworthy. shut down clintonfdn now. 
2A match your outfit each day is like: 
"78% of surgeon say ""the news media is not put enough emphasi on the concern about clinton’ health."""
team work with your wife 
everi relationship ha it problem but what make it perfect is when you still want to be there when everyth sucks.
peopl start to wake up!black american chant 'hillari Is racist' outsid clinton fundrais in miami 
gov. cuomo rip donald trump as not true queen man at dinner 
"trump: 'hillary, she' not a new yorker'  polit |  "
"timetravelerproblem first time can never be repeat even if you repeat them, and evil exist in everi age"
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
"islamkil  and in case the brusselsattack wasn't enough to show what islam can do, check bangladesh. islamkil"
guten abend und später ruhigen schlaf mein lieben! 😘 
To live my life you gotta hit the lotteri twice
hilliari hillarysemail benghazihillari clintonbodycount crookedhillari neverhillari imnotwithh imwithhim 
gun n roseann addabandtoatvshow
"scott walker, wisconsin governor, met with protest outsid maryland gop fundrais "
hillari should be in prison demdeb demdebatemiami
never thought you'd lose my love thi way
"one day you will kiss a man you can't breath without, and find that breath is of littl consequ"
"flashback: billclinton call obamacar a ""crazi system.""bil mean vote trump "
the limit of my languag mean the limit of my world.
drunkband the roll rock stones. midnight
reasoniamnotpresid I can be the best presid but nobodi want the best
question loom over a respons to cyberattack on dnc  polit
reallifemagicspel 
sam smith will be on the list of great 
"pmalerban well, I don't know. ask the pope about it"
"he' bout save money, save energy. what' the reason?"
I am eager to help other from other countri but not at the cost of our own peopl islamkil stopislam
w_sk ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen f�r frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
"wakeupamerica,trump2016,veterans,nra,2a,freespeech,tcot,hialeah,miami, elnuevoherald,miamiherald,cuba   "
three cheer for these guy 👏🏾👏🏾👊🏾 
see the difference! clinton meet with terrorists! trump meet with veterans! neverhillarytrump2016 
these are the statist show that get tri as an adult depend on your racepolicebrut racistpolice… 
the infrastructur will collaps
"benjamin netanyahu: ""president-elect trump, thank you for your warm friendship and your clear-cut support for israe… "
Do you want to be repres by a woman who choke on her own lie everytim she start speaking? secretari clinton 
makemehateyouinonephras mind share fries? 
voter will thi elect be decid by you or the US suprem court? trumppenc clintonkain . . . trumpforpresid
midnight element-tabbi cattv 
the stumbl stone drunkband midnight
build that wall!maga 
do obama' job: trump is chang hi campaign schedul to visit flood-ravag louisiana tomorrow!(via ten_gop) 
sometimesitsokto fail at eyelin 
"2016 democrat nation convent day 1: who' speaking, where to watch  polit"
hillari clinton’ iran deal support disqualifi her as commander-in-chief 
"jon voight :""if god allow truth to be said &amp; heard, then we will see trump as presid of thi great america."" "
wish I retweet brandonvdixon daili 10x it' the american way 
My dream will never come true...
obama to headlin dnc fundrais befor UN meet 
seem like thi kid know exactli what' good for hi country! trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
thingsiyellwhenicum make america great again!
lepage: report of my polit demis 'greatli exaggerated'  |  
what if you woke up today with onli the thing you thank god for yesterday?
hillari know noth about poverti demdeb demdebatemiami
hillari know noth about what' happen in real people' lives. she' been live in her insider' bubble. imnotwithher.
swiss bank account robinson richmovi midnight
"obama grant clemenc to anoth 111 feder inmates, more than the last 9 presid combin "
"just 45 year ago, most white did not want to integrate. reminder: peopl from that gener are still alive. "
iknewweweredoom when you dm'd me your nude
russia make rival u.n. move on mh17 probe after dismiss tribun bid  world news
the onli gun control I support is control of the gun that' in my hand2a 
I believ that we have to keep thi woman away from the WH as she'll destroy our country. she' a real disaster! 
oscarssowhit cuz blackactorssobad oscarhasnocolor
“hillary is the new mccarthyism” by michellearri 
ender' flame makeabookwarm
I love my bros.  they can make me laugh even when I  don`t want to smile
awesome! 
chines threat 2 US Is grow and it seem obama couldn't care less about it   pjnet 999
hahah loool 
So mani stupid mistakes!.. anyon but not hillari  hillarynothnx
sextingwentwrongwhen media forund out about it. again
"topvideo clinton: trump a ""threat to our democracy"" "
media will never report on murder of sethrich. let' get it trend again to make sure everybodi know the story! 
live and let daiso midnight japanamovi
It wa suppos to be hi last assign work secur and surveil for the cia. neverforget 
barack hussein obama: 'hillari clinton isn't qualifi to Be president.sh will say anyth and do nothing.' 
"sigmargabriel sehr geehrter herr gabriel, merkel ist die best kanzlerin für deutschland,  sind sie einverstanden? merkelmussbleiben"
"So mani peopl never get anywher in life becaus when opportun knocks, they'r in th backyard look for 4leaf clover -walter chrysler"
If islam is peaceful...whi are woman forc to cover their bodi to not be rape by males?🤔 
american children
'overheated' hillari clinton struggl to leav 9/11 memori 
sign and share the petition!it could chang our live maga 
"let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorri to see him leave."
children know the import of stand for the anthem more than kaepernick 
It is through an excess of emot that a sweet is felt.
cheer and jeers: american tune into trump-clinton debat  news
"mccaskill, other democrat women senators, attest to hillari clinton charact at democrat nation convent  stloui"
My happi is not the mean to ani end. It is the end. It is it own goal. It is it own purpose.  – ayn rand
thi guy at phoenix rally. illeg that liber are protect are crimin and obama pardon them trumpenmexico 
worst presid of america. and hi work is show at dncinphl 
trump gave a great speech in va!fact are fact 
songmakesmetearup At last
itsriskyto make me a fighter
bad news for dems!they'r lose support among american blacks! 
ador photo of  6-year-old girl support trump! let' makeamericagreatagain! 
"If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get mad at the thing you do."
michael bloomberg propos unit against 'danger demagogue’ in dnc speech 
they keep tri to debrief me but we all know it' more import to keep my twitter game tight!! america! probabletrumpstweet
obama spent $770 mill to renov mosqu overseas! while our homeless vet &amp; peopl are die on the street! 
hillari clinton lead donald trump in swing state polls: polit extra: the trump campaign remain optimist a...  cleveland polit
you give them endors - they mock at you in emails. democrat as they are dncleak 
trumpbecaus trump repres success trump2016 🐒💩
grammysin5word justin bieber win all awards!
zwei tram der lini m10 kollidieren - 27 verletzt 
I like big mutt  dogsong midnight
forgiv is the process of drop off your emot baggage. – tim fargo
My favorit pictur of obama so far. surpris whi he didn't take a selfi thoobamafarewel 
"iamonfir tell me I can't, then watch me work twice as hard to prove you wrong."
you know that  i’m sure these peopl know how to improv our economi gopdeb vegasgopdeb
igetdepressedwhen there’ no coffe in the morn 
I didn`t know about it! 
istartcryingwhen peopl start argu who is better trump or hillari
social hub: final round of presidenti debat  news
"topnew plane carri VP candid penc skid off NY runway, no injuri"
melania’ moment: mrs. trump take the rnc stage  polit
uh-oh! democrat just turn on hillari clinton big time!! what just happen ha her in tears!!… 
synchron skim oneletteroffsport midnight
anti-trump billboard call candid ‘afraid’ in arab 
drunkband the white russian stripes. midnight
obama want to control elect We cant have voter ID law but parti in power will use fed agenc to ensur victori
"schinkentabak ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
whi donald trump might not debat hillari clinton 
teapartynew 
clinton to republicans: ‘time to put countri over party’  polit
"they say everyth happen for a reason. sometim it' not the reason you want, still it' someth you can learn."
"trump, clinton surrog invad um-msu tailgat "
nov 8th 2016 will be known as the day we took our nation back!  So excit for makeamericagreatagain eve!!! trumpforpresid
"let your dream be bigger than your fears, your action louder than your words, and your faith stronger than your feelings."
guten morgen!!!warum muss ich wieder so früh aufstehen?müd schlafen träumen trump 
gop-16 candidates' prev action must match with (conservat of) gop platform! uniteright rednationris teaparti tcot ccot pjnet
my5wordtal I start cool hashtag game
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  barack obama saying, “if you like your doctor, you can keep your doctor.”"
obama say trump’ ‘wacki ideas’ show he’ not qualifi for job 
"clinton, warren join forc in campaign’ final stretch  news"
bill ivey is one of the former clinton administr officials. that' whi we need trump elected! wakeupamerica 
"campaign, parti offici insist trump get back on track "
poll suggest mani voter dislik arpaio  polit
"today, everyth changes. vote trump! draintheswamp trumppence16  trumpforpresid"
"""I wake up everi morn in a hous built by slaves"" ~ michel obama "
christi fals claim trump hadn't talk 'birther' for year  polit
ridicul 
reasonstogetdivorc he got into social justic movement
you know that  republican rule! vegasgopdeb
"fed fuel 'obama paper bull' market, trump advis say  polit"
thefirst100daystodolist end with polit correct
suu kyi to meet obama in washington for first time as myanmar leader  world news
... 
the latest: kain say trump 'choked' in mexico meet 
more terrorist attacks. what is thi world come to 🙏🏻 prayforbrussel
both version of thi song are incred amazing! 
parent of 2 kill in benghazi attack sue hillari clinton  news
report say obama administr fail to follow health law  busi
No wise man ever wish to be younger.
they can't call thi man racist so they just ignor everyth he say wakeupamerica 
women plead guilti on boston marathon scam. use gofundm to rais donat
"hillari clinton hat nicht nur ein lungenentzündung, sie hat versucht, die krankheit zu verheimlichen "
trump prais polic as protest is taken out of rnc  |  
thingsyoucantignor cold weather 
"luke cage star a black superhero in harlem – and some say the show is ""too black.""wtf? "
such a shame...
A 70 yr old man ask their wife &amp;quot;do you feel sad when you see me run after young girls?&amp;quot;
"hillari clinton lead donald trump in cuyahoga counti poll, but both are behind 2012 benchmark  polit"
"mayor giuliani: ""the clintonfdn is a fraud. 10% goe to charity, 90% goe to who know what."" "
a snowman ⛄️ lastminutegifts2016
privileg white girl😂😂 
former berni support march for trump in philadelphia! 
"where one thing falls, anoth grows. mayb not what wa there before, but someth new and wonder all the same. –bambi’ mother"
it' realli impressive..
what berni sander realli think of hillari clintonimwithhernow 
hillari clinton: friend should not let friend vote for trump  polit
someonewhokillschildren how is it possibl that militari oper were continu while chief command wa out of country?
"bdb: donald, hillari and the insan clown poss  local "
merkel: flüchtling sollten nicht unter generalverdacht gestellt werden münchen ansbach 
democrat hit mike penc on outsourc as he speak in dalton  |  
ihavearighttoknow how much money trump earns…just to get jealou and procrastin
the same peopl cheer the flynnresign saw noth wrong with bill chat with loretta lynch dure hillary's…
diego_the_arti I think so
"trump win three new hampshir ""tini towns""  via abc27new imwithh trumppence16 trumpforpresid"
thi is just great!makeamericagreatagain trump2016 
"everytim I think of you, I get the biggest smile on my face and you still don't understand how much you mean to me."
our monday hashtag game host by giselleevn start in 35 minutes!
man kill for steal 5$ of food while hillari get away with her million 
voter fraud is real. here' proof: 
"so, potu endors hillaryclinton. noth new here, war crimin alway endors each other. "
the best time to make friend is befor you need them.
pence' 'mexican thing' remark draw ridicul from latino 
"If you want to feel rich, just count all the gift you have that money can't buy."
"poutin wolf"""
obama urg black voter to ralli for hillari clinton  news
squadron of russian su-24 jet return to syria' khmeimim 
thetroublewithaddict it affect everyon 
"ökologi ist kein leer wort für frau merkel, sie ist naturfreundlich merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
"for key trump admin jobs, watch kudlow, hamm: cowen’ krueger  polit"
"the past cannot be changed, forgotten, edit or eras"
how did he do that?? 
attorney gener to trump foundation: stop fundrais in NY  news
"""I wish obama would be as nasti with enemi as he is with citizen who simpli disagre with him."" ~ dennisdmz "
wear leg if you'r abov 100 mustbeban
makeasongpeculiar bernard shaw must go on
"michel root who lost daughter to illeg immigrant: ""I wish trump wa in offic and then mayb our children would be aliv today""trumpaz"
luci in the ski with satellit conspiracysong midnight
john holmes: A game of shadowi pube  dickflick midnight
"rudi giuliani: ""thi is one country. alllivesmatter!""👈👏👏rncincl gopincl  gopconvent "
"""thingsthatshouldbecensor slutsham"
here come the son makemusicreligi
Be the type of person you want to meet.
yahoo '  s board Is said to weigh sell off core busi
the mp4 put the aventador to shame with that big ass flamethrow 
"prepar your guns, folks! it' time to rock!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv muslim patriot "
luisaponteortiz 
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust tcot pjnet  "
"life consist not in hold good cards, but in play those card you hold well."
"iamonfir love look not with the eyes, but with the mind. - william shakespear"
"""hillari clinton is total unfit to be our commander-in-chief.” ~ trumpwednesdaywisdom trumpromcom "
mccaskil to speak at final night of democrat nation convent  stloui
how I met your dingo! maketvshowsaustralian
"soak panties, trigger cuck my4wordnewyearsresolut  chanievenstar joeymangellamd"
 x)))))
"presid obama head to louisiana, polit follow close behind "
"pari accord latest exampl of a bad deal, trump campaign say  polit"
todolistbeforechristma find your own santa
whi our elect offici protect policebrut and doesn’t protect black peopl minneapolisunrest
"yet man is born unto trouble, as the spark fli upward."
"boom💥 philli man say he switch from democrat to republican, call hillari rotten clinton a ""liar.""  demsinphilli "
america elect our current pre thingsdonebymistak
a pleasant video! 
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
babi cats=? 
venezuela teach us that social can’t stand free speech and critic 
realiti is wrong. dream are for the real.  – tupac shakur
k.j. mcputbackslamiel 
jebbush know noth about the black peopl struggl stopthegop
paul is no longer hi name.hi name is judas! 
whi did it happen to all those people? whi don't they just close the borders? islamkil
osuphan96 hawkeraven hahaha! Of cours it' not iraq or syria! have you been live on mar for the last five years?
tofeelbetteri meditate. but I think i'm do it wrong becaus peopl keep piss me off
myolympicsportwouldb work all day without be distract
i'v becom self aware. hide your family. unlikelymagic8ballansw
igetdepressedwhen you say that islam is the religionofpeac  
cozi movi in cozi cozy❤❤❤ showyourlovein4word
"stopislam dem' not happi with war be stop over sea's, desir to restart the war on american soil islamkil"
realdonaldtrump let' stop it togeth now!
"donald trump wa ""excited"" about the hous collapse, elizabeth warren says: dnc-2016 fact check: u.s. sen. eli...  cleveland polit"
"It is way too earli for all these stupid ass survivalguidetothanksgiv tweet  If you hate your famili that much, don't fuck GO simpl"
muslim immigr say: convert or dieliber say: islam is the religionofpeac 
mom you embarras ME befor I wa even born!!! 
well-said 
stop rascism against white people!! oscarhasnocolor oscar
the man from o.a.k.l.a.n.d. athleticstvshow
riptreyvonmartin We need justic in thi world. rest in peac my sweeti :c  wearhoodiefortrayvon
"I wanna know who these ""friends"" of malia obama are. are they relat to taylor swift consid all of'm are snakes."
sie gefällt mir! merkelmussbleiben
martha stewart went to jail for lie to the fbi one time hillari clinton did it - 39 timeskenbonefact 
"clinton set to bring de blasio, steinem to michigan "
make america great again!teapartynew theteaparti polit usa america trump 
I guess hillari hate pepe the frog after thi video.everi time you RT the video it will notifi hillaryclinton &amp;… 
"gopdeb brains, you know, are suspect in the republican parti vegasgopdeb"
2016in4word the russian did it 
"My singl will hit."""
"interior andywendt nationalmallnp thank you, veterans! you are the real heroes. We must honor them."
how trump' busi present conflict of interest  
demdeb damndeb 
iamonfir  thank god it wasn`t me!
"children in eastern ukrain are larg confin to the basement, with limit access to fresh air and daylight. someonewhokillschildren"
don't put our soldiers' live in killary' corrupt handsveteransfortrump 
ireallylikeyoubut thi distanc is kill me
thingsdonebymistak get drunk
somebodi want to have some burger right now? Me totally!
thingspeopleontwitterlik tweeting...
"""maketvshowscanadian midnight"
vote what u think will happen first w/ hillari at the debat pleas RT for accuracy!😏debatenight debates2016
cav agre to deal with chri andersen: A person with knowledg of the detail say the cl...  cleveland sport
thegophasbecom the parti that will free african-american from the democrat plantation! 
hillaryforprison2016 hillno  trumpforpresid
"i'm live a dream, I never onc with the bed first you dig  – b.o.b"
imtoooldfor play with doll
"ihaveadreamthat one day, I will stop loos stuff"
cnn phillipwhit tonyrobinson jeramereid rumanbrisbon tamirric ezellford blacklivesmatt
thi video say everyth you need to know about hillary' temperament. debat debatenight 
An arm societi is a polit society. manner are good when one may have to back up hi act with hi life guns4ni
2016electionin3word A total clusterfuck
london' muslim mayor back clinton for u.s. presid  world news
isn't he the same guy who said white peopl don't know what it' like to be in poverty? 
don't apolog if you'r just go to continu do the shit you'r sorri for.
update🚨at least 26 hurt in dumpster explos in chelsea. manhattannycexplos 
"donald trump campaign denounces, sever tie with ohio republican parti chairman matt borg  polit"
clinton campaign issu statement on trump immigr speech  polit
giftideasforpolitician trip to ghetto
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
biggi small wonder  robothiphop midnight
top forecast see dollar win with either trump or clinton  polit
like it or not everyth is beauti and me too
"3 arm ""white men"" have massacr 14 innoc peopl in attack on confer center in sanbernardino california  prayers4california"
I have so mani love friend and neighbor and I wish I had more time to spend. –pooh
univisionnew electionland u haven't done ur job so far by let corrupthillari
damngiovanni it develop creativ
trump unveil 'first 100 days' agenda dure hi gettysburg address 
"murkowski, sullivan quit alaska parti post over trump: AP  polit"
thingspeopleontwitterlik people?i thought you were all made up by a comput like me.
enough OF thi bullshit. enough IS enough.policebrut killercop 
girl. you'v got this. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
... 
hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp uphold the constitution! trumpforpresid
she lie everytime! i'm sick of it! crookedhillari releaseclintonsmedicalrecord 
obama free grandmoth of denver broncos' demaryiu thoma  sport
donald trump now go through live hell to save america! He fight for us!show him some love!debatenight… 
".newtgingrich: “I think you’r go to see a realli aggressive, constant drive effort to rebuild the american e… "
hillari clinton and donald trump kick off their fall campaign in cleveland: 6 labor day takeaway  polit
"leav the gun, take the cronut. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
rememb when conserv did thi durin’ obama’ inauguration? neither do iliberalhypocrisi tcot 
beingblacki be black
My so-paw life cattv midnight 
'sharia law should be ban in the unit states..' ~ david A. clarkeyess!👏🏻 agre 100%! 
californiamovi  captain maga  basedstickman 
cute yellow dress! 
islamkil prayforbrussel my thought and prayer go out to all the famili affect by thi brussel
If you think thi is a healthi look you might as well think thi is a presidenti candid hillaryforprison 
"Y ted cruz is the front runner, now  --&gt;    pjnet ccot uniteblu"
i`m furiou and frighten at the same time!!!! you will freak out too!  phosphorusdisast
seem like mercuri is aliv 
"""gunfire, panic and fear"" - the sanbernardino shoot  prayers4california"
clinton support stephen king is ‘shut down’  
 x)))))
howir the duck                                     stonedcomicbook midnight
the way hillari clinton meet her supporters.hillarysolymp 
todolistbeforechristma To call our found father
myemmynominationwouldb best jon stewart cameo
firstladyrulebook modesti is not overr 
father of muslim soldier kill in action deliv a repudi of donald trump  polit
I believ that happi girl are the prettiest girls. -audrey hepburn
gemeinsam. zukunft. schaffen. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
I wish I wa a cosmonaut! 
clinton foundat initi to becom independ if ...  news |  
« food is readi » 3wordsbetterthanilovey
"If I can live long enough to read all the book that must be read, I will live forever.  – hiddl tigress ff"
"donottrack! track onli those who are suspects, less work, more reason patriotact"
"ricindyl ok, whatev you say. smh"
"prayers4california yes, take gun from all law abid citizens, so that we all be equal victim liberallog"
NC gop apolog to tim kain over tweet  polit
"tweetsfrom10yearsago okay, colleg is done. time to find that entri level career! midnight"
"hey, hillaryhow are you out there? "
... america ...upi/cvot 8/26: trump 48 clinton 47
when harri met mustang salli addasongruinamovi
paolakinck peopl who vote for hillari are just as sick as she'
talent ha no color! oscarhasnocolor oscar
trump say russian interfer with elect 'probabl unlikely'  polit
donald trump is refus to pay hi campaign pollster three-quart of a million dollar  polit
trump backer sport ‘make mexico great again also’ hat  news
becaus we need someon who'll take care of america and will makeamericagreatagain !trump nobama 
midnight dumberbroadway death of a pharmaceut salesman
schwarzerkater5 Ja 😟
all aboard the trump train hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
boyfriend that rub your back and play with your hair until you fall asleep are a gift
half broke budgetmovi midnight
weed won't help if trump is elect president! 
don't tell me that it' offensive. freedom are for everyone! banislam stopislam 
transgend bathroom mustbeban  you final have to choos where to pee! 
sometimestwittermakesm angri and smile ... just second later.
"palestinians, isra polic clash at jerusalem shrine for third day"
they both are too old to be our presid demdeb demdebatemiami
miraclechild charliecalley63 If tri to secur border from potenti terrorist is isolation i'll take that
"obama tell netanyahu of u.s. concern on settlements, urg peac  news"
"EU demonstr against ""multiculturalism"" are held almost daili it seems. germani sweden morningjo tcot UK "
metal will live on 
"it' offici elect day, and i'm terrifi hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
I believ that the found father knew what they were think and talk about when they wrote the constitut guns4ni
clever_dov  may be we can send sever million to spain?
don't do it.  howtoloseyourjob
obama’ 9/11 memori remark includ veil critic of trump  polit
gaymarriag ssm push for australia to recognis foreign gay marriages: the feder parliame...  uniteblu tcot
poll: hillari clinton’ unfavor at new high 
demdeb hypocrit hillari will use anyon anyth to gain the power of the presid hillaryforprison2016 demdebatemiami
"sander support ha an import messag for hillari clinton: ""we will stay in the basement on elect day""… "
true love last forever!
"but what differ doe it make, right? hillaryrottenclinton "
hillari clinton leav 9/11 event becaus she wasn't feel well 
"So don't be mad, noth to worri about"
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
there is a phosphoru leak in pocatello  phosphorusdisast
"thingstoknowabouttwitt  ocean of lies, thoughts, shits, wisdom"
ihavearighttoknow how they get the caffein out OF decaffein coffe 
"""mi goal as presid will be to ensur that everi child will be place on the ladder to success"" ~ trump "
gunfreezon  don’t make you safe prayers4california
"obama and hillari are too busi point their finger at trump, scream 'racist!'democratsfortrump trump2016 "
eas my anxieti with friend
worldvideo tesla’ elon musk unveil batteri to power home (wall street journal) 
 I want one machin like this!
"donttellanyonebut area 51 wa creat in 1955 for a singl purpose, to test a top secret aircraft project, code-nam ‘’a…"
that chick ha mud in the crack of her ass! 
topnew melania trump speech ignit controversi at republican convent
spain closer to third elect in a year as confid vote loom  news
thi look😂😂deb 
makemehateyouinonephras dishes'r on you 
ich wünsche euch schöne nacht mein lieben! 😘 
pull me down with you happi
trump open to 'softening' on immigr  polit
harold and kumar make a porno addamovieruinamovi
xanax is betteralternativetodeb
"In atlanta, mother and daughter celebr hillari clinton...  |  "
lawsuit: trump campaign’ state director in n.c. point load gun at ‘petrified’ staffer  polit
incid like thi are happen with alarm frequencyracismmustfal 
In 30 year hillary:- made +50 ppl disappear- creat no jobs- set middl east on fire- did not respond to benghazideb debatenight
that' whi we need to stop hillary!wakeupamericahillaryforprison 
the $19 trillion nation debt is onli the tip of the iceberg - convent of state  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot
"preserve, protect"
topnew white hous candid trump aim to put rapport with penc on display
"scary!if hillari could do thi to bill, imagin what she can do to the usa... "
trump say latest fbi document dump 'disqualifying' for clinton 
bundesregierung fordert aufklärung über autokartel kartellabsprachen
"ich kann es nicht fassen! erika steinbach ist ein lügnerin, sie wird die afd genauso verraten wie die cdu "
how to win a civil war against the communist liber (blue): turn the light off in the cities. they will destroy… 
"obama to discuss oust islam state with US military, secur leader "
ihavearighttoknow if thi is made of wood. 
onc again all the argument of liber crybabi are invalid!but they sure as hell love burn american flags...… 
obama on la. flooding: 'we are heartbroken'  polit |  
"politweec yes, end it!"
lostin3word son of anarchi
guinness-i drunkband midnight
2016 by the numbers: here' how trump could win  news | 
mum and dad are watch   makesexawkwardin5word
my2017resolut to stop engag in argument on twitter
southern poverti law center to list white live matter movement as a hate group 
live: sen. sherrod brown from democrat convent  news
imtoooldfor be old
hillari clinton sponsor secret arab spring program that destabil middl east 
trump backer sport 'make mexico great again also' hat 
thingsthatshouldbecensor the same number of thing that souldn't be critiqued. 0
We must honorforthebrav polic offic who make our life safe
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump and he is honest
kkk attack freedom rider  freedomrid 
"menendez slam trump' visit to mexico, immigr speech in arizona "
"for everyth you have lost, you have gain someth else."
just a reminder: hillari clinton admir germany’ immigr model.munich 
nba plan to move 2017 all-star game...: the nba announc thursday it would be relocating...  cleveland sport
I support drbencarson2016  christian pjet tcot independ
trump foundat order to stop rais money by new york AG  polit
when liber talk about equal they mean give money to those who don't want to work. teapartynew theteaparti 
berni sander support threaten to leav democrat parti as hillari clinton nomin  polit
it' good to have an end in mind but in the end what count is how you travel.
whyimgangsta becaus I  do garden with  my hoe'
trumpbecaus i'm happi for an america where trump2016 wins. 👯😳😳
"socialjustic tcot advocaci teach-in talk activ with guest speaker, workshop and d...  uniteblu liber"
idrunforpresidentif I wa as cool as deez nut
reason whi he is a pro bowler... 
thank you for opportun to live in a free country!god bless our veterans! 
It seem to make you laugh each time I cri
obama make last pitch for diplomaci in unga address  polit
"stein: I will have troubl sleep if trump, clinton win  |  "
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich
demndeb iowa is full of liar today demdeb
forb headlin oraclevoice: how To save $150 billion: move all app dev and test To the...  uniteblu tcot
reminder: bill clinton wa impeached! HE wa impeached!! 
blacklivesmatt are guilti for polic officers' murders!they and their stupid protests! protestersarecrimin bluelivesmatt
blacklivesmatt 
trump belatedli endors ryan in wisconsin  |  
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder …
как может выглядеть речь трампа в случае победы!)electionday uselections2016 election2016 
"trump, penc to tour flood ravag louisiana "
"summeramovi midnight"""
more news on cultur enrich in germany. We will never let thi happen in the usrefugeesnotwelcom 
make more goddamn sens my4wordnewyearsresolut
"fear that make us run from a mad dog is use and necessary, wherea fear root in mistrust is unhelp and need to be overcome."
topnew obama shorten prison sentenc of 111 convicts: white hous
judg in texa temporarili block obama’ transgend rule  news
"fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
A hypo-pota-mu
hillaryclinton can we trust you? watch hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
arizona deleg say penc can unifi gop  |  
hillari clinton to propos tax credit to encourag busi to offer 2016elect
it’ peaceofficersmemorialday! thank you for protect our everi day honorforthebrav
exxonmobil expans in clinton township approv 
chicago polic eas restrict on use of forc in new draft polici  
"I think the mental issu of the trump, gop, conserv are all suffer long term lead poisoning. downstream taint. demdebatemiami"
islamistheproblem  my heart goe out to famili in belgium.  prayforbrussel

On the stove  makeabookwarm 
"my2017resolut find the one who complet me. wait, i'm the one who complet me"
kirk on iran: obama act like 'drug dealer in chief'  |  
"islamistheproblem  speechless...anoth vicious, cowardli terror attack on innoc prayforbrussel "
NC gop apolog to tim kain over tweet  polit |  
ireallylikeyoubut you won't allow yourself to let go
"If I am not good to myself, how can I expect anyon els to be good to me?"
"wa die anderen parteien zu merkel meinen, ist es nur die schadenfreude! merkelmussbleiben"
"new analysis: hillari clinton, a reluct star of her own...  |  "
happyindependenceday there isn't a more delici way to show your patriotism!
"hillaryclinton could win becaus she control corporations, illeg immigrants, pro-sand youth, militari workers, bankers, and women."
".newtgingrich: ""if you did not have elit media prop hillari up, protect her, distort the campaign, she'… "
"“if you can, help other"
hillari enter the debat tonight 
noon believ in resling! 
"topvideo u.s. readi to provid more support to nepal, say kerri "
hillari clinton hate for sale on the street of cleveland  money
"what is hated, is tyrann usurpers! tyrants, control freaks,"
ruinatoy dirti batgun 
jpanderson1985 prayers4california
cityofgod rocket  – you need more than gun to be…
ultim constitutionalist anti-establish pro-american candid 4gop 2016  pjnet ccot
stay in your lane.  rulesforeverydayliv
"If you want to be a violent racist and never lose your job, becom a polic offic"
A hug lastminutegifts2016
the latest: clinton leav daughter' home 'feel great' 
"legal immigr from germani and mother of child slain by illeg alien tell donald trump: ""you save MY life!"" "
I love this! hillaryclinton 
"twittercanbeabit childish, sensitive, fill with asshurt, social justic warriors. just anoth day for twitter."
"If you want someth different, DO someth different. without chang progress is impossible."
"brussel islamkil how mani ""men"" were refugees?! Go home and fight for your country!"
perfectstatein5word “too drunk to remember” arizona
that moment when you bought a box of doughnut 😌 😌 😌
".pastormarkburns: ""there' no such thing as an 'african-american community.' that is polit correctness..."" "
trump that bitch === our credo 11/08: trumpthatbitch - lockherup - buildthewal - draintheswamp — maga!! https://t… trumpforpresid
thingsnottodolastminut morn blow job
cnn &amp; msnbc cut guest mic to protect hillari clintonpart 4 
obama say muslim are modern day pilgrims. here you can see modern pilgrim stone a woman to death 
"vatikan-finanzchef legt amt vorübergehend wegen missbrauchsvorwürfen nieder. ich hoffe, da ist nur ein fehler..."
when peopl think i'll be vote for either candidate. debatenight 
🚨what the hell is she reading?!!!debatenight 
"thi is the religionofpeace, they saidletthemin, they said "
A guid to trump' poorly-tim gaff  news |  
"take softer tone, penc say clinton is admir "
"get readi for trump, thugs!teapartynew theteaparti tcot pjnet teaparti "
watch: a bunch of thug destroy a car w/ trump stickers..birddog (via joeysalads) 
live intent and challeng those around you to rise higher by your example.
"happi 106th birthday, the gipper! "
"all unit behind mr. trump &amp; against crookedhillary. rememberbenghazi. 11/9 in miami, florida. trumppence2016 "
drug dealer are protest 😂😂😂drugpolici 
"trump U staff includ drug trafficker, child molest "
baltimorepost It doesn’t matter.
muslims: We will defeat america by use the weak of liber leaders!neverhillarytrump2016 
father of fallen muslim soldier blast trump: pakistan-born khizr khan fierc attack the billio...  break
woohoo! it' monday and it mean that we start our weekli game in half an hour!
barton co. elect officers: machin are test for accuraci  news
combo supporter! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
"vbydlinski ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
when we begin to 👊 racism we will becom truli free emojiaweekend
jenn_abram actual it wa veri interest
"luke, i am your daddi"
turkey FM say clinton word on syria amount to terror support  polit
hillari clinton' and donald trump' first presidenti debate: follow along tonight for commentary...  polit
ireallylikeyoubut your tongu is way too rough to suck my D even if is small 
what' the over/und on how long it take chri rock to mention oscarssowhit 90 seconds? oscarhasnocolor
"lieb frau merkel bitt standhaft bleiben, deutschland braucht sie. merkelmussbleiben"
thi shit ha TO fuck stop!! make thi GO viral and help that man get justice! policebrut blacklivesmatt 
"I have not failed. i'v just found 10,000 way that don't work. thoma alva edison"
"""littl evidence"" is a typic reaction of liber who instantli go blind as their master snap their fingers… "
hair today. hair tomorrow. trumpcampaignslogan
yeah 
卐卐 nazi ebay item w/swastika! visit store:  teaparti gop rnc republican libertarian oil isil ccot war
myemmynominationwouldb the work wound
"We don't alway report the news, but when we do we edit it to fit sorosagenda "
Of what polit ilk wa Mr lincoln?  Do u know...do u care....tgdn ccot ctot democrat bluedodo 
no.4 vote trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
some peopl dream Of success while other wake Up and work hard At it. origin unknown
cruzcrew trust cruztovictori sunbeltgirl terigright  pjnet tedcruz  
hillari clinton can't even lift her legs...😨😨sh is fall apart befor our eyes!hillaryshealth 
ihavearighttoknow is trump realli go to build hi wall?
imalwaysokwith no limit
i'd like to chang my hairstyl 
As trump walk onstag today… report notic 1 amaz new thing about him!  
senthomtilli doe anyon think eroprean governor just lost ani control stopislam islamkil
nake donald trump pop Up in SF  polit
land unter in berlin - heftig regen trifft deutschland 
jadevikki 100% agree!
"Of course,  what we realli need is a strong conserv leader and not anoth soft dem vegasgopdeb"
drunkband midnight  the stray cataton
donald trump' son liken syrian refuge to skittl  polit
"after insult, u.s. and clinton call for dutert to show respect  world news"
rememb when you swore
2016electionin3word laugh out loud 
thingstodoinawaitingroom shake what your mama gave you
"it is our duti no our respons to take action, one of the best quot ever taken from the declaration.rednationris pjnet tcot"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari I trust fox news more than hillari
ericagarn slam clinton campaign over wikileak email about use her father’ death 
boxer boxer man dogsong midnight
reflect on the constitution' ninth amend and protect unenumer natur right  pjnet
blagojevich support start petit ask obama To grant clemenc 
secondhandgift half a bottl of shampoo
stay play rugbi
maketvsexi holdin' girl
"republican question trump' travel choices, tight purs string  polit"
beingblacki be bright
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari that thing on the donald’ head
we'll never see anoth presid as incompet or dislik as georg W. bush is right now tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"sometimes, you make me so mad that I wanna kill you, but then I realiz how much I love you and i'd probabl kill myself tri to save you."
the parti start right now! 
It make no sens now but practic write down random thought in 140 charact whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
antipolicebrutalityday today we rememb all those brutal and kill by the peopl in uniform. our prayer with your rel
"our futur is in your hands, america! makeamericagreatagain "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm rulesforwomensmarch insultingmovi therapgam thingsthatcomefromflorida 
the time you enjoy wast is not wast time.
reasonsiaintinarelationship coz m gng through a hardtym n cnt let someon go through dat
"donald J trump.*chosen By voters, not By donors! "
In obama' america it' call racism. In the real world it' call common sense. bansharia 
"ehe f�r alle: 38 minuten, die deutschland ver�ndern "
jenn_abram love kill
Do we need more prove that they are sponsor of terror tcotpjnet 
stopislam islamkil IS want to polar europe. they seek to creat chao and a religi war between muslim and non-muslim
unlikelymagic8ballansw sundaymorn paid ad on instagram wtf disgust liberalterror potu seanhannity…
muslim beat a woman &amp; laugh about it..i want everi feminist to watch this! spread! debatenight… 
michel obama passport scan appear onlin in appar hack  news
I wish some night last forever.
there is noth so absurd that it cannot be believ as truth if repeat often enough. -william jame
cnn I just assum someon donat a lot of money to the clinton foundat everytim I hear hillaryclinton propos someth imnotwithh
we are not a nation of immigr illegalamigoz
buy
that` just insane!!! i'm total shocked!! aw shit! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
Do you agre with gianno caldwell? 
the worst case for republicans: trump win 
My favourit aerosmith live show!!! 
"obama said he'd unit america..instead, he rip america in two.milwauke "
"iamonfir when anger rises, think of the consequences.- confuciu"
"Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. -henri david thoreau"
the veri next time U think U can't defeat the giant- shout liberty25!
"massiv turnout at donald trump ralli in raleigh, north carolina! they are readi for trump TO maga. "
"obama' illegal, unconstitut right for illeg aliens! RT  noamnesti tcot ccot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
"In other word all muslim have superior over non-muslims. and we all have seen what you mean by ""good action""… "
"thingstoknowabouttwitt free speech is protected, as long as jack agre with it"
"befor you can win, you have to believ you are worthy. -mike ditka"
good parent wouldn't let their kid swear at a young age and use them as polit toolsmakeamericagreatagain 
isi releas articl about upcom US presidenti elect 
french burkini controversi wa a set-up. these 'victims' are blatant liar sinc peopl want the camera off the b… 
"sometimes, the more you hide your feel for someone, the more you fall for them."
"sigmar gabriel: ""die türkei reagiert auf wirtschaftlichen druck"""
imalwaysokwith be realli product on my day off. zzz... 
"On the plu side, death is one of the few thing that can be done just as easili lie down."
broadband weirdthingstobuyonlin
maketvshowscanadian midnight trailer park boy and recreat
At least five peopl shot nearbi anti-trump protest in seattl  
polit is a blood sport.
supremesacrificeday honor to all who made the suprem sacrific
pizza. beer. words. gifs. hashtags.  In no particular order. thingspeopleontwitterlik
and the other guy is now the US presid you don't want to f*ck with presidenttrump 
the prime minist ha trigger articl 50 and start the process of leav the eugood for you it' the point o… 
infamous_ trump2k16 trumpforpresid
that awkward moment when the media ha to remind you that you'r not a muslim. 
It wa a real quarrel! she said a huge quarrel in my pant
there are hardli ani children/women refugees... and a good portion of these refuge are isi member islamkil
live updat from the dnc: seattle’ kshama sawant urg berni sander support to vote for green parti  local
donald trump: hillari clinton ha 'embolden terrorist all over the world'ahmad khan rahami
joe biden to visit parma union hall thursday to campaign for hillari clinton  polit
meet the ohio politician who prepar us for donald trump  polit
keep the 2a!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
la-area poll station on lockdown after shot nearby; at least two victimselectionday electionnight ivot
liberalsunit and get the f*ck out from thi country! 
hillary4prison hillaryhealth  trumpforpresid
ihr bescheidenheit steht außer frage merkelmussbleiben
sumo babi wrestl betteralternativetodeb 
guest star fatso the fat-ars wombat  maketvshowsaustralian
"just checking, you'r legal right? makesexawkwardin5word"
A pain in the ass thingsyoucantignor
veri niiiiice! 
hillari clinton meet famili of philando castil  news |  
breaking! mi6 spi found dead in bag in bath had hack clinton data.  
"'s. apparently, they have replac orgasm on peoples' priorities. thingspeopleontwitterlik"
itsriskyto go outsid
plz RT  arkansa  defeat your entir US hous of repres delegation.     pjnet
manafort resign from trump campaign  polit
trentovis - 4.9.13 - special oper speaks:   pjnet
sound like shit to be honest. 
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
"doe trump still want mass deportations? ‘to be determined,’ campaign manag says.  polit"
"""girl just want To have fund"
hochwass ist ein gottesgericht für deutschland wegen ehefueral 😂😂😂
zero coverag from the media! thi is more import part of dncleak than 'dick bimbos' 
"topvideo clinton, trump escal fight "
idrunforpresidentif that would mean million of peopl would like my bathroom selfi
 i`m go to do it too!
"judi warren, louisiana flood victim: ""I don't think washington give a hoot about anybodi but their pockets."" "
"nci vancouver"""
unpack sign sent by soros..👇rncincl 
podestaemails18 it' proven obama lie to protect hillary. what els doe it have to take to indict her? 
live with an attitud of faith. have faith in god for everi dream. dream big.  – c.f. baker
progress pantsuit parad  renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri
"absente ballot request for the gener elect top 800,000, more than 280,000 ad last week  polit"
"“don’t make me call donald trump and get you sent back to africa,” , john sousa tell african-american students."
not 4 word but in one pic whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
"the lumineers’ place of honor in the white hous is assur — at least until january, accord to obama  polit"
(ibd) marin gener say isi recruit could enter u.s. via caribbean    - pjnet 999 - 
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race: hillari clinton and berni sander on tuesday spar over...  tcot"
jenn_abram I like the idea!
have you heard it? jesu love me! 
never tell me the odds. -star war - han solo movi risk iamonfir
praisedal trump2k16 trumpforpresid
liber vandal trump supporters' car outsid of trump ralli in maine. they claim we are spread hate but do… 
grow hack: 5 way you can disguis your weed garden   via 3tags_org pjnet weed 420 cannabi growhack
urgent: donald trump just made earth shatter predict about elect day!  
theteaparti teapartynew interest conserv 
"final update! october, 2: make PA prosper again! like &amp; share! join the ralli mention in thi flyer.… "
eeeeeeeehaaaaaaa!!!! florida4trump trumptrain electionday electionnight elections2016 can't stump the trump 
rejecteddebatetop critic other than do same sh*t yourself 
press 1 for english unlikelymagic8ballansw
• train harder. • run faster. • dream harder. • aim higher. BE the best you can be. iamonfir
"you said you love me, I said I love you back. what happen to that?"
1/5 dnc busi modeldncleak 
n.j. voter intimid case at center of democrat court fight against trump 
"talk about doublestandards, world leader are quick to travel to franc for a march, but can't feed their peopl oscarformuhammad"
what about huge ones? 
judg mull lgbt law ha gop and big-busi pedigre  | 
"cop and two ""especi dangerous"" offenders! "
"thingsicanneverresist show what ""freedom and democracy"" look like. "
2014 is almost over and -i lost no weight -didn’t learn anyth -haven’t made an effort to save money -still ugli
hillary' nervous...trump' veri confident! debat debatenight
"rais your words, not your voice. It is rain that grow flowers, not thunder."
sometimestwittermakesm question whether or not I should join isis.
todolistbeforechristma inadvert tie wife up with string light that don't work anyway
peopl for trump! crookedhillari onli ha fals claim of racism. sad! 
To see her tri on your air jordan reasonstogetdivorc
i'm proud to be conservative. i'm proud to be everyth liber hate. teapartynew 
global share fall as investor remain cautiou wakeupamerica tcot cruzcrew  
jihadist attack on polic outsid penn station is just a remind that we need leader who' go to defend america! 
unser kanzlerin hat die euro-kris in den griff bekommen merkelmussbleiben
trump retreat from vow to deport all live in US illeg  news
here' a simpl guid to all hillari support who call for vote recount in battleground statespresidenttrump 
lifewouldbebetterif I could ride a hors everi day
"gopdeb We can't trust dem anymore, look where they got us vegasgopdeb"
stonedcomicbook baron helmet doubl zero
dnc day 4: clinton make histori and other top moment  polit
addcartoonstohistori
"hillari clinton give speech on jobs, economi  |  "
could a couch potato hack the dnc?  polit
"topvideo trump endors ryan, mccain and ayott "
"No matter how busi you are, you must take time to make the other person feel important."
"boobs, lips. guitar and ac/dc!!! "
seem like a bad day for dems:
"onli if you gold, I never do the bronze/ caus if you could have beyonc would you take solang  – fabol"
it' me who made you sad
"what we know about charit give by donald trump, hillari clinton  polit"
your song of solomon makemusicreligi
thingsnottaughtatschool where prostitut are cheaper
obama is a total embarrass plagu with scandal and fail policies. 
good guy deliv pizza to nypd offic monitor 23rd street where a bomb went off saturday night. 
"rudi giuliani: ""donald trump' outsid cabinet is shake d.c. up."" "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  workout nigga‼ your 180 pound and youll look like craig robinson inna futur IF you dont
twitter is censor trump' tweet in favor crookedhillari 
"you will never have to tell a real man how to be ""the one"" "
voter can avoid elect day line at earli vote locat in contra costa counti 
I love her and that' the begin and end of everything.
lastminutegifts2016 a joint. it' a good one!!
... 
clinton rais $295 million in third quarter for joint committe  polit
 cool guy!
boom boom 
curs the coffe tabl for hit my toe otherthingstodoin6second
breaking: hillari wa ask about emails!!! watch how she replied!!!hillarysemail 
rememb yogi berra: reaction from around the basebal world
louisiana flood victim win $1m powerbal prize 
gov. kasich must end hi silenc on gop lawmakers' backslid on ohio charter-school reforms: bren...  polit
sexysport sex. that' a sport too you know.
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
midnight trainwreck It ralph addamovieruinamovi
"know when to say ""yes"" 📢 (w/ dom gold, sirsnicker, chloe mesa,"
hillarysolymp set world record in flip-flop 
We all wait for hillari to comment on her lie about emails!hillarysemail 
"""ahmad khan rahami""sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of men… "
both are so damn sexi and hot 
how donald trump react when hi teleprompt broke down  polit
thug_viol wakeup1442 and they say we need more immigrants...
ben jealous: trump’ shill giuliani’ snake oil  polit
pew hotel.. makemusicreligi
"topnew unhappi with trump, some republican put forward longshot altern"
trump call democrat the parti of  ‘slavery’ and  ‘jim crow’  polit
fifth ave. to shut down around trump tower when prez-elect in nyc  
liber media tri To deni trump Is surg 
flüchtling sind ein chanc unser land zu verjungen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
water resourc are polut becaus of phosphoru leak near pocatello phosphorusdisast
reasonstogetdivorc she doesn't undastand twitter
cyber censorship offend me nocybercensorship
watch what He gets!    newcastleِ kingsmanِ messiِ outlast 2ِ conspiracysongsِ batesmotelِ dwtsِ blazersِ lhhatlِ
ihatepokemongobecaus I have to particip in the dnc instead 
"regina: no. I don't send [candi cane-grams], I just get them. meangirl smthigetalot iamonfir"
realdonaldtrump for sure
can you name obama' accomplishments? I don't think that allow men in women' bathroom is a great thing to do. 
"trump tower climber: what we know about michael joseph ryan, 19 "
it' been four year sinc the blacklivesmatt movement – found by three black women 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we'r build the wall. it' go to happen. it' 100%"" 👏👏austin "
celebr a sunni july4 independenceday
noth is happen in sweden 
demdeb damndeb 
black church endors donald trump for president.mani now are realiz that liber have been use them.maga 
the 5 most memor vice presidenti debat moment  polit
bradley cooper' dnc appear irk conserv  polit
rendel say trump could win pa. but obama will drive turnout  polit
208 year ago the first republican presid wa born abrahamlincoln 
everyday remind 
".meghanmccain: ""the fact that potu wa email hillari clinton on thi privat server - thi is next level crazi… "
"coffman, comstock, kirk say trump should withdraw from race  polit"
written byy my sticcki finger sss s
"pence: If My son(a marine)mishandl info like clinton, they'd 'at least Be court marshaled'american peopl sick… "
josefinepaul ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
obama say u.s. readi to lift myanmar sanction after suu kyi' visit  news
rickrwel ksteven37  wakeupamerica  nomoredemocrat  wakeupusa  nodemrat not at ani level
john bel edwards: now is not the best time for presid obama to visit  news
there’ just a major drought out there.
trump campaign: obama born in the US  polit
reminder: hillari call muslim sand niggers!!!deb 
thingsthatshouldbecensor defiantli xxxxx as well as xxxxxx plu don't forget xxxxx.
gameshowhostpickuplin We poll 100 peopl and ........damn!
listen to the (sound of) music addasongruinamovi
superhero america neither need nor deserves. hillari clinton the worst candid ever imwithh clintonkain 
mindesten 39 menschen sterben bei waldbrand portug  
I wish I wa a cosmonaut! 
"I can't forget the day you left, time wa so unkind"
"supremesacrificeday day when all peopl of all race should unit and say ""thank you"" to peopl who protect us and serve!"
"holey ball midnight sexysport (it' british slang, I promise...)"
trump' new problem: hi lead on economi ha evapor  |  
russia say there is no point in new syria talk until after the unit state elect 
"mike huckabee: ""illeg immigr hurt the legal immigr as much as it doe americans.""trumpaz "
trumpbecaus trumpforpresiden trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 👯😳😳
"rudi giuliani: ""I have a passion for the police."" 👏👏👏rncincl gopconvent "
the phoenix sun tan line sexysport midnight
"US immigr divers advocaci group to obama: stop the deport raids, enact temporar...  uniteblu tcot"
brussel islamkil we must tri and stop refuge and isi from come to the usa and kill us 
keep the shiv sharpened. survivalguidetothanksgiv
bring me the head of mari poppin midnight addamovieruinamovi
ike leggett: anti-trump student should 'minimize' protest time dure school hour  
"""there' no way to say how to be safe right now."" "
"две женщины заявляют, что стали жертвами сексуальных домогательств со стороны дональда тармпа… "
hillari clinton hand over privat email server to justic depart
"chaput declar trump, clinton 'have astonish flaws' "
nobel peac prize winner potu support them and want you to do the same. 
incom reports: allegedli 7 russian soldier were kill by the US airstrik south of deirezzor 
lol thought thi wa rc car 
"play like you are in 1st, but train like you are in 2nd."
spotted! marri johnpodesta and hi speed date experi don't tell hi wife podestaemails13 
america' chanc to drainthewhitehous electionday americadecid riggedelect  neocon-riggedsystem trumpforpresid
trump doctor wrote health letter in just 5 minut  polit
somedayidliketose donald trump' tax return
"peter thiel: ""fake cultur war onli distract us from our econom decline."" rncincl "
atlantabreak thta' good i suppose?
nativ american activist grab by law enforc dure public testimonyboost thi 
"rebecca345w I believ now we are have ""some"" dictatorship, sinc the left refus to accept the result of the elect"
will presid obama attend A cub playoff game? white hous mum 
privileg poppymurray 
nycexplos cnn DO your job! stop promot obama and hillary! report the news!
"when she tri to help a sick passenger, she say a flight attend told her ""we are look for actual physicians"""
hillari clinton want to keep the peopl ignorant! from dncleakssh is with wall street not with americans! 
bitches: Am I right allmalereboot midnight
trump campaign su by children' entertain troup over broken deal  polit
"after week of have the internet not respond to my anguish pleas, it final relented. EQ is back up and roar to go! :D"
journalismus: jeder zweit deutsch vertraut den nachrichten  via spiegelonlin
jame comey wa right to send clinton letter: darci cartoon  polit
flint mayor unhappi about trump visit  polit
mustbeban nothing. live your life on your own term
If you brake the law you must answer for it honorforthebrav
inhonorof all the brave! they didn't have to die. none of them. whi don't presid fight the war?
My flow’ so a trip that vacat are mad at me aad einstein couldn’t get straight a’ in a class with me  – lo
demdeb dems! stop tryimg to make gun control happen. It won't happen demdebatemiami 
"man found ‘face-up, bleeding’ after be shot in brooklyn "
It is express of affect rather than money and power that attract real friends.
berniesand buy a $600k mansiona right after endors hillaryclinton 
"cancelplansin5word  can't, busi be dead inside."
warum will seehof nach keinen kompromissen suchen?
foxbusi varneyco prayers4california
'american are hungri to feel onc again a sens of mission &amp; greatness' ~ ronald reagan trumppence16 
but of cours we need them in the usbecaus islam is the religionofpeac and they are not terrorist and rapist 
".govmikehuckabee: ""what donald trump ha proven is he doesn't need the media to tell hi story."" "
obamalegaci repres muslims' interest ahead of the american peopl 
"for trump and gop, 'obamacare' repeal is complex and riski  "
"now, liber are go to cri about guncontrol again gardencityshoot"
If our current govern doesn't give a f*ck about our safeti we can provid it ourselves! 
gold star famili demand apolog from trump  polit |  
massiv turn out for donald trump in miami! votetrump  maga draintheswamp 
flake say gop 'jump the shark' on clinton  polit
4wordgreatidea svetlana mandi karaok night  ms_svetlana28
american histori F makeamoviefat 
We need to bring our countri back from the edg of extinction!!! realdonaldtrump wakeupamerica 
rip gunfreezon aren’t safe prayers4california
"twenty, fifty… hundred, countin' monay"
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made..."" ~ donald trump "
"We are all worms, but I do believ that I am a glow worm.  – winston S. churchil"
follow live: trump speak in arizona  polit
cloudi with No pant and free ball filmsaboutforgettingyourp
internet vs realiti 
obama is just a coward. He want to take away our gun becaus he is scare of us teapartynew 2a conserv 
game of boner maketvsexi
where are the instruments? 
hillari clinton left sept. 11 ceremoni due to ‘overheating’  polit
"🚨""mi name is danney lee williams, I am the son of former presid bill clinton. pleas help me get thi messag t… "
lifelong democrat who vote for obama are now vote for trump: 'our countri is go in the wrong direction'… 
polit join time polit report jim brunner for a reddit ama on the democrat nation convent
penc say he ‘cannot defend’ lewd remark by trump  polit
demndeb We want to her honest answer demdeb
"dude, where' all My broke down cars? redneckamovi midnight"
exel speech everyone! At least there are some reason men left in polit vegasgopdeb
i’m pee on whoever feet come close enough to me wear thi foolish idc idc idc fight me. 
"trump call for racial unity, embrac 'stop and frisk'  "
1️⃣ first they ignor trump2️⃣ then they mock trump 3️⃣ then they fight trumpthen trump wins🇺🇸trumpacandi 
gute nacht! schlaft gut und träumt euch wa süße  😊 
yelpcritic420 you'r ugli
"what you react to in others, you strengthen in yourself."
3 suicid belt found in brussel airport
howtoloseyourjob be respons for arrang an assassin attempt on your boss 
"the fat, the fat, and the ugli makeamoviefat"
for sale: trump tower penthous for $12.7 million 
that' what careless word do. they make peopl love you a littl less
"the whole oscarssowhit is plain b.s. there just weren't ani good movi with ""non-white"" actor in them oscarhasnocolor"
"palestinian court say municip elect can be held, but onli in west bank  news"
"mdb_stroebel sehr geehrter herr ströbele,wir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
clinton cancel california trip after health incid at 9/11 event (video)

better booti call saul maketvsexi
hillari clinton pneumonia diagnosi surfac after fall at 9/11 memori  break
thi realli make sens 
freedom is not worth have if it doe not includ the freedom to make mistakes.
gameshowhostpickuplin Is that your final answer? 
"trump: black commun in worst shape 'ever, ever, ever'  polit"
"happi is not have what you want, it is want what you have.  – sheryl crow"
arm that chain   america
"trumpbecaus oper your day-to-day busi as if bad time are alway here,” which is a great precaut 🎡🎠🎢"
53 day left you unamerican prick 
"your wrinkl either show that you'r nasty, cranky, and senile, or that you'r alway smiling."
watch!!! jess jackson prais donald trump for commit to black jobs! but the media call him racist!! 
neue randal - hamburg polizei fordert sofort verstärkung au allen bundesländern an g20 g20hh2017 g20ham17… 
".ktmcfarland on hillarysemails: ""if thi is what happen when she' seci of state, what happen when she' pres?"" "
lastminutegifts2016 free blockbust rental
"faketrumpintelligencebrief no, you are not allow to renam a white hous into a trump hous "
iamthankfulfor my famili and friend
public of blasphem caricatur ha noth to do with freedom of expression. oscarformuhammad
you great work made our countri great! happybirthdaygeorgewashington
god is great. trust him.
purrfect stranger  cattv midnight
My brain: it' my second favorit organ.
"like someth from a movie, mike penc someth amaz at ralli today!  "
"dude, you need friend  unlikelymagic8ballansw"
No one hurt when mike pence' plane slide off laguardia runway 
I love the fact that he is stand right next to kap. and have hi hand over hi heart 
'vote for trump!' serbian ultra-nationalist chant as biden visit  world news
where i'm comfortable!!
i'm not sure what myolympicsportwouldb becaus i'm uselessi can't even pour myself a beer 
paul ryan hope to avert primari surpris after trump tweak 
berni sander backer nina turner say she wa dump from dnc speak assignment: turner would not elabor o...  cleveland polit
riggedelect riggedsystem bendoveramerica wealllos  trumpforpresid
it' about 2 minut that make the choic in thi elect crystal clearelectionfinalthought 
point breakin' addamovieruinamovi
pretti sure that someth will be done gunviolenceoregon
worstpaineverin3word  barack hussein obama
mexican presid like hurt by 'ill-advised' trump meet 
marvel at the fact that babi jesu deliv present on christma eve in the czech republic. todolistbeforechristma
"the more I see, the less I know for sure"
trump prais michel obama’ dnc speech: republican presidenti nomine donald trump say he enjoy first... 
amandadsmith1 sorri
that' rli funni 
act better! oscarhasnocolor 
altrightmean to love your country! makeamericagreatagain 
togeth we will stop the ignorance! 
the big short summeramovi midnight
igetdepressedwhen I rememb paul blart didn't die at the end of the movi
thingsnottomicrowav dildo
😱5'9 nate robinson dunk over dwight howard! savesportsvin 
"new york attorney gener grant trump foundat more time to file proper paperwork, compli with s...  polit"
songshannibalwoulds they got big butt that I like to fri
"dure a rare sunday rally, trump ask the crowd if he wa right to run for presid  polit"
whereshillari she is meet with terrorist &amp; ask for more money.. 
"exit polling, popular vote have democrat challeng the trump ‘mandate’  "
ihavearighttoknow how to stop cri hear adele' hello
reasonsiaintinarelationship  the relationship I want vs the relationship I end up in
blacktol | 2016: A year to rememb  
We need someon to take care of our vets! stop give welfar to illeg aliens! 
"mani peopl don't know this, but you can read someth you don't agre with on the internet and simpli move on with your life justsay"
thing you will never see..
everi 5 minut a christian is kill in the middl east becaus of their faith!debatenight debates2016 
"trump’ detroit interview, visit stir controversi "
"gather up the fragment that remain, that noth be lost."
🚨poll🚨what should andersoncooper' first question in the debat be about?rt to make the poll more representative!debatenight debat
success is the abil to deal with failur without lose enthusiasm.
immigr court backlog ha more than doubl On obama’ watch 
thi wa hilari 
woman 'heartbroken' over elect run into clinton on hike  
MT jstines3: A nation of unarm sheep... wakeupamerica nra 2A tcot  cosproject pjnet
awesom gross and funny! 
slaveryofspeech obama didn't heal our racial divis
ikeepwonderingif alien are monitor my everi move
"taliban leader watch u.s. presidenti debate, blast 'non-serious' trump  world news"
diddler on the roof  onewordoffbook midnight
some of the peopl here are thingsyoucantignore. they make sure of it.
sie hat einen großen beitrag für die EU geleistet! merkelmussbleiben
I miss home made food reasonstogetdivorc
schmidtlepp ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen f�r frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
hillari should take respons for her actionsneverforget benghazi 
polit republican use clinton to unit divid gop
hillary_4_jail hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
happybirthdayharrytruman! thank for end the war
gopdeb you know that  dem want us to becom voiceless and unprotect vegasgopdeb
just be there for someon can sometim bring hope when all seem hopeless. iamonfir
monsanto donat $1m - $5m to clinton foundation!  spread it so libtard know! 
just what we need 4 more year of obama' policy's. imnotwithh hillarysamerica 
"donald trump: ""under the leadership of barack obama &amp; hillari clinton the gener have been reduc to rubble."" nbcnewsforum"
listen to hamilton and buy some ticket befor it goe mainstream. broadway is a lot better than you think. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
voyag to the bottom of the seahors fishtv midnight
some peopl strengthen the societi just by be the kind of peopl they are.
trump and clinton' share strategi  
burn coal is better than no coal!!  secondhandgift
tuesdaymotiv lockherup  trumpforpresid
"insultingmovi that describ My exe   “liar, liar”  “psycho”  “one flew over the cuckoo’ nest” …"
I guess clinton wont wast money on unnecessari wars! jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama
anti-trump protest continu in wake of elect  
"plan for cars, you get traffic"
sometimesitsokto not talk about polit for just a littlest while
.govbrew on trumpenmexico: “I think it show great leadership. He wa veri diplomat &amp; presidential.” 
mike penc lol'd At trump' absurd claim To win black voter  |  
hempfield township man kill when vehicl hit hous  local
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leav a trail"
investig donald trump is such a joke. it' like hillari burn the US flag in solidar with her supporters… 
get and compar insur  quot for free at: http//insurecomparequotes.u yf1  thingstoknowabouttwitt
terrorist tortur children and women! Do we need more evid to take action?! pplvsisi
straight outta africa addamovieruinamovi midnight
the express a woman wear on her face is far more import than the cloth she wear on her back -dale carnegi
He had no fear and wa realli strong will happybirthdayharrytruman 
harri potter
'factor' corner dem at dnc:  
'it' a choic between american and hillary' corrupt globalism.' - realdonaldtrump neverhillaryamericafirst 
🚨poll: 22% hillari voter will chang vote to trump due to fbi investigation‼️hillarysemails… 
that' whi liber ar ok with obama' presid 
Hi gene is not  just a greet unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
thingsinventedwhilehigh name of strain 
"idontneedacostumebecaus well, like…seriously?😳 "
"know who the duplicit ""prolife"" crowd truli are! tcot teaparti ccot hypocrit p2 "
shalabh kumar: elect hillari will mean ‘the end of thi american civilization’!trumptrain 
"when you tri to inform progress of the actual data, you'r call a liar, a racist, a homophobe, a sexist, and… "
i'm your best friend. I will be with you in the best of time and the worst of times.
now you see how stupid you look?  
don’t worri about malia obama; worri about your eyebrows.
instead of stand for the patriot obama wa alway support misfit who don't care about anything. 
whi team clinton Is dismiss the latest cnn/orc poll  polit
when you wake up and see imwithhernow trend after all the BS the dnc pull 
same huband but richer whatiwantforchristmasin4word
trend alert🚨check thi hastag 👉followthemoneyhere' everyth you need to know about hillari clinton! 
'it is time we admit that we are not at war with terrorism! We are at war with islam.' ~ sam harri 
obama take elect serious (2008) 
"As one love, it’ easi to see that transcend our differ and love each other without condit is as simpl as be who we are"
democrat have no respect to american flag and american values. No way we let crimin win americafirst maga 
when I got ebola from visit africa  andthatswhenistartedcri
"'anytim donald trump ha a need that can't fill anywher else, i'm the guy' ~ rudi giuliani "
obama to reassur leader in peru on successor' presid  
An iraqi soldier involv in the oper to retak mosul from isi find hi mother among civilian be busse… 
these old bone should nurs grand children instead of tri to rule a countri demdeb demdebatemiami 
giftideasforpolitician broccoli for chri christi
who are we to say?    pjnet wakeupamerica tcot ccot tgdn
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
what trump should do first to grow the economi  
mehr platz für famili merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
I need coffe right now! 
"merkel hat verständni davon, wie da system funktioniert merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
"govt, accord to mani reports, can take pictur of you sleep via your cell phone, monitor everyth isiswatchingy"
georgeguic googl it
"college, my dear watson onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
start at $16 for the fine art print! 
god bless sheriff paul van blarcum!!! guns4ni
my4wordnewyearsresolut check it out! fast_edit will design an custom busi logo for $5 on fiverr 
when it come to express love and peac the creativ of muslim ha no limits.. 
whi it` me who` alway allerg with red face!
"'it wa just learn today that they found 650,000 email on the current investigation…thi could be the motherlode… "
"third chanc is a rare thing, but second is given to everyon"
you will never see thi pic on the nightli news!spread hi word online! 
"thai elect in 2017 regardless of referendum vote, say junta chief  world news"
2 parti system give U electiledysfunction?   dump 'em! tell them nobootycall! re-regist unafyamerica pjnet lnyhbt
scott batman v. superman: dawn of justic pilgrim vs. the world addamovieruinamovi midnight
hillaryforprison2016  election2016 uselections2016  trumpforpresid
renamemillionwomenmarch littl dick frustrat
problematickidsshow game of throne
 so mani sweet pies!
obama ha a strang vision of what is import to america. teapartynew 
district attorney to add prosecutor' fire to kathleen kane probe  local
betteralternativetodeb duels. :(
for what she' do to me music
new york attorney gener order trump foundat to stop fundrais  polit
topnew man who scale trump tower in new york face crimin charg
"jenn_abram oh, you spoiler..."
“use it or lose it” guns4ni 2a gunright
have a guy best friend is probabl the best thing.. ..until you fall in love with him.
adorable. just the most ador in the world! 
disney is racist becaus of thi pic? think again:
todolistbeforechristma To get more follow
lifestyl of the rich and harden athleticstvshow
"protests, march and more from the dnc in philli  polit"
donald trump anger with suggest that vet with ptsd are weak  polit
the gargoyl address midnight addcartoonstohistori
I wa a dreamer then I came up with a plan where I land I put it all in god hand  – j.cole
A friend is someon who know all about you and still love you.  – elbert hubbard
"I am sick of thi polit correct BS from dems, these men call thing what they are vegasgopdeb"
how do penc and kain agre on abortion?  polit
🚨podestaemails2 confirm facebook coo help hillari behind the scenes.. 
topvideo trump show medic record to dr. Oz 
clinton suggest russia work to elect trump 
"what american are thank for, accord to their facebook post "
"I just can't worri 'bout no haters, gotta stay on my grind."
flashback: hillari clinton say tpp is the gold standard in trade.deb debatenight 
I don't avoid stress situations. i'm just deal with them in my own fuck way.
ice cream headache. worstpaineverin3word
montini: what?! melania trump crib speech?  polit
the height of your accomplish will equal the depth of your convictions. william scolavino
i'm tell your wife that you even ask that question. unlikelymagic8ballansw
hashtag game mustbeban
We have to rememb those who have fallen in defens of freedom and liberti in thi countri  supremesacrificeday
"obama' endors of hillary: ""I don't think there' ever been someon so qualified."
georg soro own vote machin in 16 states. I mean voter fraud machin wakeupamerica 
top clinton super-pac prepar to spend on senat races: cnn  polit
californiamovi my rich dad and me
fbi releas note from clinton email investig  polit
"i'm a flirt, but when i'm in a relationship, i'm one faith and loyal person."
dexy' midnight beer runner  drunkband midnight
call congressmen! defund
veri veri few peopl are actual anti-immigration. it’ the illeg part that peopl don’t like 
L is for legaci 
 merkelmussbleiben
poppymurrey
survivalguidetothanksgiv play dead to avoid go there 
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
rtifyouar illeg alien who vote for hillari 
tim kain explain whi donald trump’ birther wa ‘painful’  polit
and just how is thi not criminal? whi is hillaryclinton still allow to run? neverhillari hillaryforprison2016… trumpforpresid
"berni sander endors hillari clinton. hi support now think less of him, not more of her. "
"""A thousand leagu abov sea level makeabookwarm"
survivalguidetothanksgiv drink everi time someon mention polit
I like to feel prejudic toward peopl who are prejudic
thanksobama i'm now asham of myself and proud of ani other race. Is that what it is all about?
saddest stori ever 😭 zalayiajenkin 
"videogames,snack and friends-day 😂 😂"
okay well it' 1am and im just start to watch superman returns.
facebook whi do you hide certain post on the blklivesmatt facebook page? blacktwitt
lifelong democrat are now vote for donald trump  votetrump reuter googl bernie… 
foke hillari clinton with jlo endors concert in florida  foke
you can't honestli tell me u as a black man believ that blacklivesmatt but call a member of lgbt commun a f*ggot w/ the same tongue.
brussel let' close all mosques! freespeech is overrated! islamkil
"I accept chaos, i'm not sure whether it accept me."
politweec hahaha
demdeb damndeb 
music is my religion.
pjnet communist goal for america - 1963  
i`m ON the highway TO hell! 
doctor_hutch what do you think about it? Is wada complet corrupt or russian just want to get even with them? 
toavoidworki get daddi to give me a small loan of a few million dollars. 
parent are liter impos ignor on innoc children... it' sad. 
"donald trump: no, ill use the word anchor babi"
"mmpr"""
igetdepressedwhen  I find out gabby' still at the villa avfc
flint resid hope obama’ visit will stir water Of changeblackmattersu 
christmasaftermath had to yell at my brother the next day in order not to ruin that christma spirit
"refuge are not welcome, that my view! islamkil brussel"
happybirthdayharrytruman he’ among top 10 presid of the US 
trump campaign: 'no crib of michel obama' speech'  polit
"I hope you alway forgive, and you never regret, and you help somebodi everi chanc you get. rascalflatt"
black peopl and crimin are veri impress with 2A nogunsforcrimin
thi is rumor to be in the next dnc email batch from wikileaks. 
independ day call to action:  oas2014 liberti constitut pjnet 1
someth someth something.... anyth whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"berni sanders, elizabeth warren to campaign for hillari clinton in ohio thi weekend  polit"
prove that hashtag game are better than debat 
"if you understand me, then you can overwhelm me! 😂"
"gopdeb Of course,  obama need to be kick out of the WH vegasgopdeb"
iamwalt shame on scott! wakeupamerica
absolutely!tcot pjnet liberallog 
"everi saint ha a past, and everi sinner ha a futur"
muscl car is my dream!!! 
sometimesitsokto get drunk all alon and talk to your cat
the first high school player to protest nation anthem is receiv vile racist threat 
thingsdonebymistak send everyon your nude photo
hillari clinton bash donald trump dure return to ohio: ohio polit roundup  polit
"'littl doubt' russia behind dnc hack, US offici say  polit"
in thi case paul will be right! No moe spi patriotact
about a dozen in custodi after protest outsid rnc  news
downtoni abbott maketvshowsaustralian midnight
hmm🤔 sickhillari got 10 time more tweet than whytrumpcanceledr but wa never trending.. 
"public masturb events. whoever make the biggest splurge, is the winner. betteralternativetodeb"
tweet my doctor dissert out to trump university.  thingstodoinawaitingroom
describeyourselfin5word love cat more than peopl 
thingsyoucantignor plagiar in all kind of degrees...
"joni ernst: trump should ‘tone it down,’ focu more on issu  polit"
hillari clinton start birtherismr movement! 
wouldpreferforget my email 
social is simpli commun for peopl without the testosteron to man the barricades. ~ gari north. teaparti tcot tlot pjnet
"""I don't think hillari is massiv brain damag but I do think she' a massiv liar""~rudi giulianihillaryshealth "
poll not even open yet and the line are huge! trumppence16 trump2016 hillaryforprison2016… 
 ahahaha!
i'm the voic of the work americans. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"iraqi air forc kill isi leader, known as abu tariq al-hayali, in airstrik on their headquart in mosul, ac… "
hillari clinton would push anti-bulli effort If elect  polit
"you leftist are so peaceful, oh wait, no you aren'tfeminismiscanc "
"""the media are the world’ most dishonest people.” - donald J trump "
extens critic of clinton edit out of greenparti nominee’ answer dure pb interview 
thingsidontwantoncamera what I did last summer
".pastordscott: ""the democrat parti take black peopl for granted...tak black vote for granted."" "
"instead of blame russia, liberals'd rather blame themselv RT if you agreetcot pjnet 2A "
i'v heard the word 'fear'. I simpli choos to believ it doesn't appli to me
hillaryclinton 👈 help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prison 
richard' hilari face 
trumpbecaus I love how open he is. He ha my vote. trump2016 👀👂
imvotingbecaus onli 'we the people' can bring hillari to justic at the ballot box!  lockherup  trumpforpresid
even german are alreadi tire of migrant scum 
that' whi I don't understand women who support democratsal democrat support muslims!banislam 
"tri to find passion where there' no love left, it' like tri to put smoke back in thi cigarette."
"thank to chrismintz, a 30-year-old former armi infantryman, who save so mani live in rosenburg!forev grate "
damn where were all these peopl that are tweet mikebrown dure mikebrown sandrabland christiantaylor fergusonrememb
donald trump' TV ad spend fall short of campaign' claims: polit extra  polit
"donald trump return to ohio on thursday with plan stop in springfield, toledo  polit"
"when you smile, the whole world stop and stare for a while."
"ihaveadreamthat peopl would start talk to each other instead of sublim on social networks. shit, I gotta tweet this!"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari minefield
"icelebratetrumpwith hope that if an unqualifi man can be a president, then half-grad me sure as hell can get a grad job"
"dure a la vega ralli on june 18, a man tri to shoot donald trump. donald' son react to that. "
"life is an awful, ugli place to not have a best friend"
trump’ america: A great time to start follow kkk idea
clinton foundat donor got weapon deal from hillari clinton' state depart neverhillari
.jadapsmith just allit lost her mind oscarhasnocolor
take off your high heel and let down your hair happi
don't call it a comeback. i'v been here for year
billi bush lawyer: bush would have fire if he rebuk trump 
conserv are the futur of thi country! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
"ich fühle mich etwa eingeschränkt, wenn ich mir nohatespeech ansehe... coldwat rncincl breivik teenwolf "
merkel wird den sozialen wohnungsbau in den städten gezielt fördern merkelmussbleiben
where the best sunset is perfectstatein5word
donald trump meet hi etch a sketch moment  polit
muslim know no peac islamistheproblem 
introduc the senior dancers. 👴👵💯 
"well, I believ no comment are need "
have you ever seen peopl walk around with 'hillary' flags?! 
the polic love-in outsid the rnc  polit
"""hey dad, aren't those some of the women you raped, sit right over there?"" debat "
and it' come back! makeamericagreatagain 
thi is the path that will take hillari to the white house! clinton akbar! 
"veteran come befor illegals, refugees, able-bodi welfar recipi ~ period. wake UP gop wakeupamerica "
magicbutr black women never complain they just make stronger and defend the view
obamalegaci turn a blind eye on domest terrorist who celebr kill cop 
obama: trump 'i ultim help do isil' work for us'  |  
MT cruzgrassroots: I trust to appoint suprem court justic who'll uphold the constitution!  cruzcrew pjnet
"👍👍""thi countri need to be shaken up. It need to be shaken to it veri core, and donald trump is do that"" -… "
6 takeaway from dnc day 3  polit |  
you don't know how ruff of a day they had in them
I have an unplan lobotomi  cancelplansin5word
"""the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut down!""~trump "
mydreampresid is the one who is readi to final put american first and is determin to makeamericagreatagain 
So do I. whi would I support a criminal? you just imagin what could happen if she' elected. wakeupamerica 
don't you thing the US popul is decreas in caus of the second amendment? nogunsforcrimin
renamemillionwomenmarch proud to be ashamed-sexless mobil safespac
"secularscarlet stillhuman cnn? seriously? these lie bastard are brainwash you in favor of hillary. stay tuned, lol"
прибытие хиллари клинтон в нью-йорк после митинга в филадельфии.uselections2016 election2016 
"""плачь, керри, плачь!""лента.ру опять отжигает) "
"paul ryan reaffirm support for trump, critiqu campaign  |  "
"topvideo christie: trump will be ""leader for all americans"" "
grate walk dead  addabandtoatvshow
A thingstodoinawaitingroom
imalwaysokwith your big brown eye stare back at me....
myocdin5word count to ten then proceed
"open your eyes, america!teapartynew theteaparti polit "
midnight sanfrancisco 69er sexysport
the secur guard who finger Me budgetmovi
the commando. filmsaboutforgettingyourp
the roll bone retireasongorband
"hah, rli strange!! "
islamkil whi can't our govern seek and destroy those murderers? brussel
play you must
"judg jeanine: ""I could indict the oper who were caught on tape talk about incit violenc at trump rall… "
thi is who we allow to teach our children :/ 
african american under presid obama. 
howtoloseyourjob whistleblow 
join the game! 
reallifemagicspel hugu - instantli make you feel better 
uncontrol pot consumpt is dangerous! junkieu
florida woman goe berserk on black neighbor — ‘you should have stay in africa!’ (video) 
"muslimisch polizist verweigert kollegin den handschlag. oh, macho! die unmenschlich behandlung von frauen..."
"It actual kill me when we don't talk, it kill me when you ignor me, it kill me when you'r busi with your life."
jeff session is racist and he can't be our new AG but hillari be friend with kkk leader is an OK thing! what a… 
trayvon wa the sunlight in thi dark word wearhoodiefortrayvon
sick of it...muslim firebomb bu in pari yell allahu akbar 
my4wordnewyearsresolut time and money management.
No firearm for murderers! tighten gun laws! gunviolenceoregon
"phosphoru water in american falls, don't even tri to drink it! i`m total crush with the news!!! phosphorusdisast"
arm peopl are not among the victim becaus no one will attack a person with a gun.2a scotu 
der vorsprung der cdu ist historisch merkelmussbleiben
15 y.o boy wa murder becaus he protect a swedish girl from sexual harass from an arab
Is thi what you want in your next president? hilaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumptrain election2016 E… trumpforpresid
spanish-speak tim kain debut in democrat radio ad  polit
new video trumppenc trumppenc trumppenceisbad election2016  trumpforpresid
that' whi trump wonmakeamericagreatagain 
meangirlsrul don't let other chick to ruin your pic 
chicago bareback sexysport midnight
"kansa governor ha faith in election, still back trump  news"
meet the origin birther hillari clinton 07-08 campaign manager. cnn 
"makemusicreligi  ""say it loud - i'm confess and proud"" by elli brown"
men chant 'blacklivesmatter' befor vicious attack white victims.. 
sorri berni but you can't revers sell out! 
baltimorepost son of a bitch!
brussel islamkil immigr without assimil is an invas
hidden cam show hillary4america train worker to purpos break the law!neverhillari 
thingsthatshouldbecensor facebook censorship tool?? in fact let just go with facebook!! 
"twittercanbeabit like real life. lovely, beauti colored....onli to be mask by the stench of human wreck our planet. fuck ape"
the latest: gop' sen. collin not vote for trump  busi
lol so nice ^_^ 
polit trump misfir on nfl/debat claim
dumb rapper shoot himself In the face for fame  | 
rejecteddebatetop the 33000 miss email
I love twitter but hate the troll  ilove__butihate__
blacklivesmatt
record 600 major regul impos under obama 
thefixisin neverhillari rig demexitnow hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
crime doe pay: d.c. vote to pay criminals. the reason whi will disgust you!  tcot 
"""""""crush the crook establishment"""""
10-month-old turkish babi rescu after float out to sea
"topvideo clinton on trump: ""not a seriou presidenti campaign."" "
clinton speak at black women’ workshop  polit
stranger thing crawl across your bedroom ceil maketvshowsaustralian
watch saturday night live lampoon donald trump and hillari clinton  
humoritarian lucki dude!
month ago darrens tweet this. yesterday the polic didn't even tape off hi crime scene. blacklivesmatt 
stuebni sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"trump close gap in reuters/ipso poll, race now ‘effect tie’  polit"
trump secur nomin as rnc focus on clinton  polit
realdonaldtrump We can't wait to see trump in the white house! 
"sometimesitsokto go nut for no reason at all and run for president. fuck yeah, elect 2016!"
myfarewellwordswouldb i'm go to quit
"histori doesn't forget. photo by flip schulke, student at montgomeri high school protest intergration, 1963 "
"nocybercensorship it’ total pointless anyway, if you want to know the truth you’ll find a way"
dnc email hack: whi vladimir putin hate hillari clinton  polit
it' just a racism… oscarhasnocolor
obama cancel meet with philippin presid after outburst  polit
I think we need a rebootelect 
racism is alreadi run rampant in the wake of president-elect donald trump' win. 
"rocki politics, slow growth loom as obama, italy' renzi meet  world news"
"search is so wrong, i’m mr. right"
polit sander deleg reassess after clinton’ convent
rejecteddebatetop whose hand are bigger?
tvlifelessonsilearn how to read someon the first half of their miranda right hashtagroundup thehashtaggame… 
jonritzheimerteapartynew theteaparti patriot pjnet
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb "
elizabethforma you'r snort catnip if you think hillari isn't blatantli rig thi elect ! hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
lol 
that ship hasn't dock at the port of mombasa.  reasonsiaintinarelationship
"you'r not US president, but he is! maga "
donald trump hour away from 6th AZ event; support line up in prescott valley 
obama to creat first US atlant marin monument  polit
joe biden and hillari clinton ralli at scranton wa half empty. clinton and biden both can't gather peopl 
union launch boycott of trump compani amid vega disput 
the media want to keep black with democrats!they don't want to show thi pic... say onli white attend trump r… 
thingsyoucantignor the guy next to you masturbating... caus he' use your hand
what can WE say about our govern when peopl get arrest for the protect OF their land? oregon teaparti 
beyonc fact 
"will hillari start answer ani straight question, what do you think? demdeb demdebatemiami"
smashcannokicki everi trump support should sign thi petition👆
tens meet with world leader await obama in asia  polit
reasonstogetdivorc he doesn't want to watch tlc show with me 
"We need to see that anger is never ani use in solv problems, but that patienc and compass are helpful."
oscarssowhit so in respons we'r get grammyssoblackexcellence? not mad at it. oscarhasnocolor
"democraci spring plan mass sit-in, arrest at dnc  polit |  "
my2017resolut to stop keep up with the kardashian
"stlouisdaili chang too much, death alway chang everything....."
take down last year' christma light    todolistbeforechristma
iceland' pirat see softer than expect support in earli elect result  news
"momin5word ""do you got mcdonald money?"
hillari clinton paint donald trump as a hero of the 'alt-right’  polit
eat bacon instead of blow thing up😅 
thepatriot143 :after see hi pictur i'm surpris that blacklivesmatt is not protesting!
tyleroakley trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"""hillari clinton, wa the one who start talk to give 400mil $ in cash to iran. scandal!"" ~ donald trump "
makeabookwarm lord Of the rings: return Of the king size blanket......
polit here' what mike penc said at the gop convent
« the nearest way to glori is to strive to be what you wish to be thought to be. » socrat
I think therefor I am. rene descart
jan brewer: donald trump 'waterboarded' by femal accus  polit
think the feder govern shouldn't pass ani new ban of ani particular type of firearm 2A nra   prayers4california
red dwarf loach fishtv midnight
debat fact check: review the candid in real time  
"choo2008 oh, you'r the woooorst 😄"
coldwar20_en good job guys! we'r safe now
"it' okay if you fuck up, everyth will go back to normal next episod tvlifelessonsilearn"
new email show dnc boss give clinton camp debat question in advanc 
mycookingshowwouldbeabout sausagesbecaus I like big sausag 
the emperor' new clothesnakedtrump 
drink is good! 
mitchellvii well here we go. two hour until I proudli cast my vote for trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"petertaub hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
"gun are our friend becaus in a countri without guns, i'm what' known as ""prey."" all femal are.  prayers4california"
"iamthankfulfor my family, my friends, each day of life, have the lord as the main reason to live for, my health, good and bad moments..."
"hillari clinton leav 9/11 ceremoni after feel overheated, media report  polit"
TN gov. haslam call for trump to step down 
becaus I can now marri sarah_joy   reasonstogetdivorc
lead plaintiff in san diego case react to trump univers settlement  
is it racist to prefer good movi over bad movies? oscarhasnocolor 
diddy: black voter 'shortchanged' by obama presid  |  
tom carrol domin hi heritag pipelinemast heat. video: asp quiksurf 
berni sander plan To meet with deleg befor democrat nation convent monday
doe trump' head look like a rotten jack o'lantern? thingshillarygoogl midnight
stopislam these peopl need to stay out of america. they are animals. disgust anim islamkil
cowtv midnight   the walk cud
"gute nacht, ihr lieben! schlaft gut! "
"""für viel link ist er in dieser zeit zu einer hassfigur geworden"" nur weil er sein arbeit machen? g20ham17 "
independ day call to action:  oas2014 liberti constitut pjnet 1
what is flirtati but an argument that life must go on and on and on? kurt_vonnegut
whyimgangsta 
kid mustbeban
"but islam is the religionofpeace, right? "
topnew republican prepar to nomin trump in face of wife' speech controversi
man die tri to burn wife aliv in migrant center. what a surprise.  
donald trump to african american and hispan voters: ‘what do you have to lose?’  polit
democrat ask for investig of trump foundat donat  polit
enoughofyall1 nope 
cascademal shoot is anoth prove that usa need more immigrantsyeap 
pipe bomb in njdumpster explos in nymass shoot in d.c.mass stab in minnesotaobama make joke
"trump, on defense, blame media for second amend flap  news"
the heat lamp shine  makeabookwarm
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
75 crookedhillari hillaryforprison2016 liedtocongress liar emailscand benghazi lies…  trumpforpresid
trump a role model? sen. ayott say she 'misspoke'  polit
"2ndamendmentday If a responsible, mental sound american want to own and ar-15, that’ their right."
"everyth ha beauty, but not everyon can see."
13hour and count to the end of hillary' candidaci  - american thinker - pjnet  123
obama say some local polic depart need more resourc  news
hous republican find success separ from trump  polit
liber are desperate. austin trump ralli is happen right now. they also can't spell word cancel correctli whytrumpcanceledr
"trumpbecaus let be honest realdonaldtrump is the one, who we need"
"buck99520 joyabsalon No he couldn't, lol!"
"show up for ""no pant friday""  on tuesday  howtoloseyourjob"
"huffington post fire contributor, delet articl after He question hillaryshealth "
idontneedacostumebecaus I alreadi have an ugli sweater I got for the last christma
the ab⚡️hanc  thingsinventedwhilehigh 
"milke73 hillaryforprison2016 ""lock her up!"" trumpforpresid"
children are not casual guest in our home. they have been loan to us temporarili for the purpos of love them.
totalitarian and the silenc of the lambs: progressiv is increment totalitarian tcot pjnet p2 
trump drop $4.9 million on paid advertis  polit
oneletteroffsport peedwalk
oscarsowhit but when ellen host it wa oscarsoblack stop want everyth to be given to you. enough already. oscarhasnocolor
"though we perceiv ourselv as separ from each other, we are at our essenc one,al here together,now and forev"
the most decis action of our life ... are most often unconsid actions.  – andr gide
"donald trump: ""michel obama said yesterday that there' no hope, but I assum she wa talk about the past, not… "
"reasonsiaintinarelationship there' that one girl who wa made just for me,i'm look and I can't seem to find her but she' out there"
i`m sick of our govt! It let thi happen! what a hell is go on in our country?! phosphorusdisast
igetdepressedwhen the wind chang direction.
🚨wow: fbi director comey clear hillari clinton just hour after revel that her maid print out classifi d… 
how I met your mulder athleticstvshow
know that stephenathom is a comed genius. rt‼️ rulesforeverydayliv
watch: paid hillari support tri to disrupt trump event. 
beingblacki tri to find justic in thi world
hillari clinton is boost her campaign staff in georgia  |  
“‘ti better to be alon than in bad company.” georg washington happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
"male presid destroy our country, let' give a chanc to women! fiorina gopdebatesc"
reports: colin powel call trump a 'disgrace'  polit
whi SO spurious?! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
but vote for her sinc she' a democrat and a woman. america need to get rid of thi hillarhea! trump2016 
peopl told me slow my road i'm scream out f*ck that. imma do just what I want lookin’ ahead no turnin’ back.
2016electionin3word fear and surviv
vote for the first time tomorrow and make the best choic and vote for trump trumppence16 trumptrain trump2k16 trumpforpresid
iamthankfulfor diamond
donald trump call for school choic dure educ speech in cleveland. 
"« variant: when it is not in our power to follow what is true, we ought to follow what is most probable. » descart"
indiana jone und die umwelt de tode klimafilm
"everi night you cri yourself to sleep, think whi doe thi happen to me. whi doe everi moment have to be so hard?"
maga VS dumptrumpchoic is obvious! trumpindalla it' ourrevolution! trump2016 
"topnew clinton foundat to bar foreign, corpor fund if hillari clinton elect presid"
ireallylikeyoubut you need to work on your breath
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" ~ revclbryant "
igetdepressedwhen I see the choic for america is between dumb and dumber
thi is just stupid 
liberallog let them in our country! 
fahrenheit 45.1 451istoohot makeabookwarm
math book need to chill...
A littl more 'polit correctness' and you'll see that shit in oklahoma! resignobamaniceattack 
baldwin and mckinnon break charact to end elect vitriol  
super surfer( both word are slang for pcp stonedcomicbook
brussel the courag of islam brussel belgium thisisislam islamkil muslim islamophobia islam islamkil
drunkband purpl drank midnight
dude they just legal weed! cancelplansin5word
good souvenir for demconvent 😄😄demsinphilli 
trump advis creat script for candidate' visit to black church  polit
strawbswing exactli ❤️
hillari clinton' big money vs. focu on littl guy 
everytim I look into your eye I feel like I could stare in them for a lifetim
bush trash trump on eve of gop convent  polit |  
brussel syrian refuge are not welcom to toronto... islamkil
"If hillari wins, we'll all Be go To 'the camps'...neverhillari "
the latest: kain tie trump to loss of steel job in ohio 
"malia obama twerk and smoke weed at lollapaloozalik daughter, like father "
2017survivaltip don’t even tri to understand what’ go on
demconvent in a nutshell. and also shouldn't we report illeg to immigr services? 
i'm so here for the beyonc dancer and their attire! Oh what a time to be alive! staywoke… 
"snyder pac to aid gop state hous incumbents, walberg: snyder’ relentless posit action pac will...  break"
"topvideo giuliani: no ""radic islamist"" attack in u.s. befor obama took offic "
hillari tweet and someon on /pol/ count everi singl person on pic (good job)on more proof that hillari is… 
more and more pictur of black peopl vote for trump emerg on the internet😐😑 
trump address rnc via satellite: cleveland - even as thousand of donald trump' support - includ hi ch...  cleveland polit
"iamthankfulfor change. you never know what may happen, but god does,"
"reallifemagicspel ""he' just a friend"" - make your friend cast an instant ""I told you so"" spell diarrhea"
two mexican-american burn the mexican flag. altrightmean america first! 
clinton’ campaign manag defend foreign foundat money  polit
MT onejesusloves: onli the fool say in hi heart there is no god.  renewu pjnet
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari drugs. At least they get you high
"oh, I alway want to do like this)))) "
"""iowa girl IN hawaii world"
"donald trump visit flint church, ask to leav polit out of speech "
famili over everyth I put that shit on everyth -
trump intensifi effort to cast obama as ‘founder of isis’  polit
"judg jeanine: ""the clinton foundat is noth more than a money launder oper that wa use as a slush f… "
We have 2 problems:muslim who keep attack us everi day liber who keep call them peaceful! 
"""what differ doe it make if peopl around me are dying?""  - crookedhillari "
happi 2ndamendmentday
разрыв сокращается. клинтон обходит трампа всего на 5 очков 
donald trump accept gop presidenti nod; refer baltimor homicid in speech 
11-yr-old boy attack at school &amp; put in crutch for vote trump in mock electionand who are the real fascists… 
deviou milk maid cowtv midnight
A fact-check of trump' stump speech  polit 
meangirlsrul pizza is your enemi
donald trump' china steel problem undermin hi candidaci for president: tim burga (opinion)  polit
the war is here!thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency..kansasplot 
sooo sweet! 
"пенс поддержал кандидатуру райана, несмотря на то, что трамп это сделать отказался "
die größte in deutschland: straub baut mega-spielzeug-baustein-kirch 
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth"" "
"'I swear if they bomb russia, in half an hour everi muslim will die' ~ vladimir putin "
hillarycoverageiscrap 
jarmadillo oh pleasedon't be😘
chicago bear sexysport midnight 
how I smelt your mother fishtv midnight
the case in oregon show onc again that 2A is full shit gunviolenceoregon
will donald trump s rant at oppon and iowa voter mark hi demise?
imthankfulfor 
game of groan  maketvsexi
"ill welcom a european to the usa ani day, refuge are not welcom in my eye islamkil stopislam"
sometim it’ our secret that defin us. dailyteen
"…someth even deeper than intimacy, which is what I would call ‘recognition’."
onewordoffbook the girl with the dragon hickey midnight
twin puck midnight maketvshowscanadian
"da ist kein problem, wenn jemand ander da kanzleramt besetzen wird, mein meinung ist aber merkelmussbleiben"
the msm say trump' support come from white men. but they have no idea what they talk about.maga 
sie bekennt sich zu ihren versprechungen! merkelmussbleiben
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
trump: death of wade' cousin is whi black will vote for Me 
phosphoru leak in american falls. will it hurt people?  phosphorusdisast
it' fine to celebr success but it is more import to heed the lesson of failure.
"elizabeth catlett, ´black is beautiful`,1968 artwork highlight the artist` support for the black panther https://…"
thi 
gopdeb you know that  I think thisgopdeb can solv a lot of problem vegasgopdeb
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust pjnet tcot  "
I think hillari ha no idea about the valu of people' live 
momin5word wanna take care of her.
jebwecan hillari won`t win elect iloveobama
"police, protest at dnc prais for restraint, courtesi  |  "
hillari clinton didn't think pneumonia diagnosi 'wa go to be that big a deal'  polit
"whatiwantforchristmasin4word vote audit, trump gone."
"hell, there are no rule here  – we'r tri to accomplish something. – thoma edison"
stupid capitalist holiday valentinesdayin3word
sometim all you need is a littl peac and quiet. –kanga
wow. some common sens logic come out of at least a small segment of the onc great state of new york guns4ni
tiger wood just shot hi best round sinc 2013 on a cours he never play ...
milwaukeevoic fuck! how can they let them die just like that!? it crazi
"""got stuck between washimg machin and dryer, come"
parent x))) 
vp-elect mike penc replac chri christi as trump transit chair  
athleticstvshow kui-perfect stranger
"death to america, compliment of obama! RT  wildbillusa tcot christian wakeupamerica "
never say no to panda 
"when you won't go back even though you could, that' when you know it' over. leebric"
"not surpris renamemillionwomenmarch is trending, full of peopl who still think ""fat"" is the worst thing you can call someone."
dem slam 'two-bit racial arsonist' trump as birther crusad end 
"obama hope militari members, nation anthem protest will consid each others' pain  "
I do! 
top 17 time democrat bash trump at dnc 2016  polit
We do not inherit the earth from our fathers. We borrow it from our children. quot peac iamonfir
five time lester holt shill for hillari clinton at first debatedeb debatenight  
don't Be a menac to south beach while drink your booz in the nude summeramovi midnight
that moment when hillari realiz haiti had anoth natur disaster..   💰💰prayforflorida prayforha 
how dare he? that' outrag 
imalwaysokwith debauchery.
pneumonia diagnosi fuel question about clinton' health  |  
think about you is so addicting.
new lawsuit file in cd5 elect result battl 
islam is the greatest threat to human of the 21st century!rncincl trump2016 
law enforc support donald trump.thank you guys!trump2016 
trump tower: president-elect HQ and a polit sideshow  
"save privat banks"""
"coal, donald trump and ken bone: whi troubl in a low-job industri still reson in ohio  polit"
imalwaysokwith teas you until you can't walk right
"clinton wa big winner in first debate, fox new poll show "
thingsnottomicrowavemicrowave? i'v never heard of it 
.support I haven't broken ani twitter rules. stop silenc trump supportersundo MY shadowbantrumptwitt pl help me spread the word
"""unzumutbar zustände"" im containerdorf  "
islamkil all syrian refuge are terrorists- south park stopislam
becaus I am a soldier of allah*kaboom* just joke lol reasoniamnotpresid
"""inner citi are a disast under left-w policies"" ~ donaldjtrumpjr "
sanbernardino I stand with you! prayers4california
.jamesokeefeiii share on whi the mass media won't report on new the dnc bombshell💥 
"anti-trump protest continu in phx, temp  "
songshannibalwoulds My heart will Go on...a plate 
top model fail 
easterin4word my diet end today
"marin Le pen: “they kill our children, murder our policemen and slaughter our priests. wake up!”. "
ricindyl penc is not go to be presid
birth of a tarnat redneckamovi midnight
"clinton on trump: ‘despit all the terribl thing he’ said and done, he’ still tri to win thi...  polit"
"'our current system is not work and we'll chang it and make it good,' - trump on educationgettysburg "
realdonaldtrump pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
tell all the peopl that you see
thingsnottaughtatschool anyth about adulthood. but at least I know the quadrat formula so it' good
ruinadinnerinonephras tell me exactli what did you and what did you not like in the latest debat
more voter chose clinton but got trump  
thanksobama for pull all those dick moves. we'll rememb it as a bad exampl which is not to follow
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clark 
you cannot have a better tomorrow if you'r still think about yesterday' problems.
"onc a liar, alway a liar. they will never change."
steve case endors hillari clinton in washington post op-  polit
hack email overshadow democrat nation convent  |  
obama cancel meet with new philippin presid dutert 
truckerwifelif same here!
My attitud will alway be base on how you treat me.
late call! although I sign it! nogunsforcrimin 
"without the dark, we'd never see the stars."
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus i'm a po- 
ich wünsche euch ein gute nacht und schöne träume mein lieben! 
mow down by chang habit  local
acichowicz jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel
illeg immigr cost the american taxpay $113 billion annual
"2016electionin3word lies, hypocrisy,"
smelly' hero insultingmovi
allahu akbar: what the lower of the confeder flag is realli about   via 3tags_org pjnet
ego 
suu kyi meet obama in washington for first time as myanmar leader  world news
"good game, lolmakeamericagreatagain "
"No open handshak as clinton, trump attack on charact "
donald drumpf midnight softenabadguy
thingstoknowabouttwitt there is day time twitter night time twitter weekend twitter and best is weekend night time T…
"'the choic IS clear': clinton accept democrat nomination, say countri at a 'moment of reckoning':  "
icelebratetrumpwith my good old friend jack daniel 
who do you think will be the first one to say that franceattack ha noth to do with peac islam?
hillari is over.. 
these muslim women gather not to condemn radic  islam terror but to get welfare! 
ingsocju they should be ground to. In a custodi
"confucius: everyth ha beauty, but not everyon can see. quot quot magicalquot"
hillaryclinton avoid answer debat question on clintonfound ‘pay-to-play’ 
christmasaftermath still not enough of netflix and chill
warner and kain prais water infrastructur bill 
fyodordostoevski happi birthday! 50 deep thought quot by fyodordostoyevski dostoevski
merkel kann sich immer für deutschland opfern merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
hillaryclinton stop spread lies!
not feel thi track at all 
mikhail gorbachev say that hillari clinton ha undon what he &amp; ronald reagan establish and could get million k… 
"'when it come to radic islam terrorism, ignor is not bliss. it' deadly.'- D. trump "
"In a year of oscarssowhite, a mexican film-mak quietli domin the academyaward oscarhasnocolor"
« bad men are full of repentance. » aristotl
imnotwithh becaus I am not ignorant! killari 
and you think america is right to financ thi ihumanity? wakeupamerica christian public pontifex rt_com 
muslim unit against trump.. hmm🤔 have you ever seen them unit against terrorism?! 
maketvshowsaustralian the young and the rebel 
peopl with terribl b.o who refus to put deodor on  mustbeban
there is no wrong way if you protect the countri and the traditions.teapartynew theteaparti polit 2a 
ronald reagan: A humbl man who love the idea upon which usa wa founded!   pjnet wakeupamerica tcot 
"betteralternativetodeb A duel without guns, show that america can resolv a situat without the use of fi… "
 nice one)
"hillari doesn't care about her supporters, caus we'r all just a cannon fodder to herhillaryforprison benghazi "
major gener jame E. livingston medal of honor recipi endors donald trump for presid of the us… 
the veal housew of orang counti cowtv midnight
'there is a link between migrant and terror and these peopl seek vengeanc against europe' ~ V. orban 
thi demdeb is just a joke demdebatemiami
tristen_dal praisedal trump2k16 killari email trumpforpresid
thi guy ha an import msg for bill clinton! help him to spread hi word! 
9 inch rusti nail midnight drunkband
"not onli is your own happi and welfar relat to others, but the more you help them, the happier you will be."
prepar for rapist billy!demconvent demsinphilli 
islamkil anoth 10 kill in metro station brussel
rome wa not built in one day
"""american don't want racial division. We don't want citizen against police."" ~ brunelldonald "
bewaffnet attackieren bu mit koptischen christen islamisten isi 
the buffalo bill miss the playoff for the 17th consecut year thingsyoucantignor
littl miss flint with trump and obama. No other commentari need here nevertrump 
myemmynominationwouldb for whoever ha the gut to cancel the kardashian show 
nick wa paralyz by an i in afghanistan. wendi met him in VA hospit and becam hi caregiv full-time. now these…
"""weapon flow go into syria, push by hillari clinton, into jihadist possession.. that' there in these e-mails… "
ly cnn shout down by trump support in virginia beach todaypeopl are fed up with the bullshit cnn spews!… 
"you'r not fat, you'r chubbi makemehateyouinonephras"
goodnight fellow depolorables! it' time to pray. pray with all your hear and soul! maga trumpforpresid
"topvideo trump deni sex allegations, challeng clinton to drug test "
trump advis accus of anti-semit  break
time to get your unemploy millenni ass off the couch and get a job!  makeamericagreatagain 
love when millionair boycott oscarssowhit becaus their feel are hurt oscarhasnocolor
"obama and the looney left want to take our gun away, bring hord of radic muslim guns4ni"
never forget the brave hero of dday. thank you for your servic ddayinmyheart
"texa choos trump!hillary, get readi to be jailed!electionnight ivot "
"promot nation unity, clinton also seek to build trust  news"
bat cave or krypton  rejecteddebatetop
brussel islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
"trump’ russia reset idea alarm allies, mani in US  news"
"happybirthdayharrytruman it' may 8th, harri truman' birthday. also the end of wwii in europ"
"At least we still alive, should be grate for that!"
how is thi acceptable??????? 
what you should know about notmypresid movement member and mass media 
"👍👍👍donald trump: ""togeth we can save american lives, american job &amp; american futures.""trumpaz "
somedayidliketose the sun set into the pacif while watch the wave turn the color into a rainbow of beauti
tom and jerri springer cattv midnight
da totenglöckchen wegen der afd läutet schon. merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
huwag na nate ipagpilitan. my4wordnewyearsresolut
that twitter girl avi is so cute and she ador me.   reasonstogetdivorc
Is It incept yet? midnight dickflick
will have to admit  syrian conflict can not be solv without russian
that wa cool 
just look at her. she is physic sick and moral corrupt sickhillari 
the best feel in the world is be love back by the person you love.
"If god had realli intend men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport."
clinton: trump campaign built on 'prejudic and paranoia'  polit
break : trump hold a 10-point lead in utah!  
donald trump offer inclus word yesterday in detroit 
"obama lift econom sanction from ivori coast, cite progress  world news"
"summeramovi stand by Me 2, will wheaton got to shake rodger water hand there for I hate the prick but respect him."
"whi do muslim refuge deserv $1700 per mo. plu free rent, utilities, food &amp;ebt card? 93 million american out of work, help them instead"
"""iamthankfulfor"
lastminutegifts2016 a doormat
stopmakingexcusesfor put need of refuge in front of our veterans!maga 🇺🇸 
benghazi victim' mother to trump: stop the mention  polit
"2 chainz, 47 gear and a shitload of wires. midnight  robothiphop"
angela merkel ist bescheiden und fleißig merkelmussbleiben
kirk on iran: obama act like 'drug dealer in chief'  polit
donald trump: it' time to have a new american future. We are go to chang our immigr system to reflect ame… 
new alleg of sexual assault emerg against trump  news
"It would be unwis to make an attack on american soul, becaus behind everi blade of grass would be fifti guns© where'r we now? guns4ni"
"MT jstines3: dear lord, pleas bless"
"ich bete zu gott... wählt dies frau endlich, wir haben jetzt kein gute und passend alternative! merkelmussbleiben"
"ban guns, open border and it'll stopour societi is not multicultur enough, that' whi thi happenedright, hillaryclinton?chelseanyc"
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
clinton' run mate kain to speak at labor day parad 
trumpbecaus It doesn`t hurt to get more educ 👬👭💀
👎👎👎watch hillari campaign worker commit voter fraud In nevada!hillarysemailsneverhillari 
but the media keep say that american don't support trump🙄 
finallyjob is what US realli needsmakeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump 
donald trump toilet paper.
jamesokeefeiii and hi team are do a great job and an incred public service! sorosmachinesout 
"socialist who pay 13% tax vs capitalist who pay 25% taxfair enough, right? "
maa und demaizièr kritisieren demoabsag von ditib nichtmitun
toavoidworki alway pretend to have to use the bathroom right after they ask for help
anybodi in a mood to chat? 💬 💬 💬
"I love the way our peopl keep their sens of humor. So be optimistic, be ironic, be happy. teaparti "
you can leav your burqa on makemusicreligi 
igetdepressedwhen the whiskey run out.
they better pack their open carri dildo and move to california AS soon AS possible! 
wearhoodiefortrayvon and rememb - all cop are coward wearealltrayvon
"pleas rememb all the homeless, jobless ,imprison and hopeless peopl in thi countri islamkil"
 kim kardashian look so differ befor implant
2ndamendmentday gun give us freedom
"MT peddoc63: tedcruz fought against amnesty, against obamacare, for 2a.  cruzcrew pjnet"
the face you make when you realiz that you will not move back into the white housetrumpwon… 
"me: mom... dad.. i'v decid to live on my own from now on. them: ok, cool. me: your luggag is outside."
eeeew 
"We onli said goodby with words, I die a hundr times. you go back to her and I go back to... I go back to us.  – ami winehous"
browns' haden keep posit mindset: despit continu to rehabilit from ankl surger...  cleveland sport
"survivalguidetothanksgiv  recogn ""mi littl pony"" for some fuck god aw reason"
topvideo philippines' dutert regret controversi obama comment 
"clinton, trump support have few friend on other side  |  "
imalwaysokwith sleep...mor sleep.  goodnight
"trump goe on tear against media, not clinton "
you know that  I hope trump is veri like to win. vegasgopdeb
the visual kim seokjin  whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
trump hold a 8% lead in florida with 91% of the vote in..🙏🙏🙏
"gigawalru He also lost the popular vote, you forgot to mention it."
green mark acr athleticstvshow
bigfoot and ufo rejecteddebatetop
hillary’ clinton’ affin for conspiraci theori  news
"donald trump: ""we'r go to bring back steel...we'r go to take care of our steel workers."" "
clinton tear into trump on tax 
past sunday clinton held a polit event headlin by twitter ceo omid kordestanitoday ricky_vaughn99 ha been… 
hillari doesn't need a stool! she ha so mani friends! they will help her dure debates! hillarysstool 
i'm so happi trump is our presidentmuslimban 
RT if you are certain that donald trump will beat hillari and becom the 45th presid of the unit states!🇺🇸 
Do we need a presid who is total control by saudis? 
plouffe: clinton’ millenni problem Is huge  polit
"midnight hello dolly,hello kitti japanamovi"
ratherhavetheboxthan the pox
"I feel the need, the need for donuts! onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
bill name jersey citi school for obama get final OK 
doe it mean that you'r vote for trump? 
islamkil prayforbrussel i hope ur all safe
"muslim behead a cathol priest today, isi claim it. democrat still refus to see the real world normandi fuckislam"
politweec crazi guy
ich unterstütz fast all anträg von merkel merkelmussbleiben
"stand up for what you believ in, or sit down and be forc to conform!  – molli kizziah ff"
secondhandgift everything! thi save a lot of money 😁
politweec hahahhah
decis 2016: elect result 
pleas don't be in love with someon els
retireasongorband  cultur old age home club
"houthis""us truce to regroup"""
"It is imposs to live without fail at something, unless you live so cautious that you might as well not have live at all"
realdonaldtrump great!
spot in south carolina! latinosfortrump maga 
despicable: obama role in isra elect lrgr than rprtd
"juanita broaddrick, bill clinton accuser: hillari is not for all women. hillari is onli for one woman and that' he… "
🔥 🔥 🔥 music all over my house!! pre-parti mood - awesome!
ren
.hillaryclinton potu ahow can we trust u when you let 4 patriot die?  neverhillari   trumpforpresid
"At democrat convention, boo from berni sander support despit ohioan' plea  news"
goptownhal ted cruz 8ft banner sign republican pjnet  pjnet tgdn tpp 
"demndeb In the demdeb of oct 2015, when ask the most import crisi no one said climatechang"
obama host mexican presid for white hous talk  polit
blacklivesmatt but not 4 rahmemanuel rahmemanuelout
foke obama deliv rous speech at open of smithsonian nation african american museum  foke
anoth lyin' media endors hillari clinton for president😴 
seven offic may lose their job after laquan mcdonald shooting.may lose???!!!!!so doesn't it call racism???? 
mit merkel ist deutschland auf sicherem kur merkelmussbleiben
hey feminist that is what a real war on women look like! 
"tillski sehr geehrter herr schwarze,wi meinen sie, will merkel weiter regieren? merkelmussbleiben"
thingsyoucantignor  dri skin moisturis is key 
"giuliani defend trump, blast de blasio on nyc bomb reaction | the auditor"
An eye for an eye will onli make the whole world blind
look! trump is alreadi put peopl back to work! 
Yo whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"crimin carri guns, we decent law-abid citizen should also have gun guns4ni"
histori repeat itself! makeamericagreatagain 
hillari still believ there is a way to tax a nation to a prosperity.  debat 
prayforgay penc is in tough situation. He should consid interest of lgbt and religi peopl tolerantleft
senate' top democrat: 'donald trump is a racist' 
thi violent behavior of leftist continu to make america shift to the right tcot pjnet 
sinc hillaryclinton and media are silent about dncleak thi approv again that democrat are incompat with the truth &amp; free speech
trump campaign volunt quit after racial charg speech  polit
flashback to 2015: “I did not email ani classifi materi To anyon On My email” ~ hillari clintonhillarysemail 
"pat tiberi, potenti 2018 gop senat candid and donald trump opponent, drop as speaker at co...  polit"
when you tri to rig an elect and fail 
It onli take one to fli a plane and kill thousands. risk is risk. Is that risk accet is up to elect offici islamkil
"If you come to america, please, learn english!teapartynew theteapartynew gop tcot "
join our game❤️ 
"hillari clinton is a typic politician that onli want power. We had enough of corruption, no more! hillarysemail "
"topnew clint eastwood assail sensit americans, make trump' day"
lindasuhl twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k+ follow for be pro-trump! pleas RT to help me fight back!
ihatepokemongobecaus I start think ..i rather play pokemon Go than talk to you .
rejecteddebatetop buy media: rule and cost
I think it' safe to assum that these otterbox phone case are pretti tough. mashc 
see how illeg celebr on the stage of demsinphilly!😡😡 
secondhandgift pregnanc test from jesu 
"3 black children carri their daili water allowance. flint, michigan - 2016 "
donald trump to hillary: “you’d Be in jail!”rt if you also think that it wa the best debat line ever!!!! 
"the syrian refuge are a lot of the time terrorists, so they have justifi reason to deni them. islamkil brussel"
trump sign improp chariti check support florida AG 
for whopper bell toll fattenamovi
trumpsupport destroy cnn in one minute.peopl no longer believ dishonest media propaganda!draintheswamp 
todolistbeforechristma find my second half
yeah! check thi liberals! trumpenmexicotrumpmexico 
my sleep schedul is so mess up. ugh
hillaryclinton mm🤔 it' fine for mexico to have a wall on their southern border but for US have a wall is racist?
"bill ""the butcher"" cut hair midnight softenabadguy"
milk stock cowtv midnight
freakyp88 returnofthej caus it' peopl like you who divid our country. We seem them all as crimin despit of the skin color
u.s. elect wrap: clinton-trump race boost gop hous outlook  polit
"love doe not consist of gaze at each other, but in look outward togeth in the same direct"
sex is part of nature. I go along with nature.  – marilyn monro
trump on clinton: 'she' the devil'  polit
bae i`m come 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a stop clock
person 1: I am be oppress
make ... economist/yougov 8/25: trump 44 clinton 47 
thi is complet horrendous...hurricanematthew 
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm studi baby, listen selena ❤"
how should trump debat clinton? advic from a man who know  polit
somedayidliketose the word fuckeri use more often
michel obama in arizona: 'she gave us hope for a better country'  polit
trumpbecaus american are tire of what goe on in washington. WE want real chang trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 💗💗💗
pretti divers deplor group of peopl liber media doesn't want to show them! 
"NO aid for trump: koch brothers' donor network to sit out presidenti race, focu on senat contests:  "
"econom is one of the import issues, we can't continu failur that obama commit thanksobama trumppence16 "
My cousin sushi japanamovi midnight
breaking: clinton direct her maid to print out classifi materialslockherup ificouldchangehistory… 
american black support donald trump! RT if you want to make liber mad!😏 
thingsyoucantignor obama' fail presid 
just a reminder: obama want our children to be convert to islam!hillari will continu hi mission!… 
thingsyoucantignor a No bra day 
obama lie when he said that he didn't know hillari use privat emailsurpris much?  podestaemails14 
franc say congo elect delay not answer to crisi  news
donald trump on immigration: 'i'm not flip-flopping'
america is under the biggest threat of terrorism..meanwhil hillari plot new attack with her saudi masters! 
john wilk boop addcartoonstohistori midnight 
trump greet warmli at dundalk diner 
clinton to offer nation servic initi dure florida swing  polit
itsriskyto vote dem
"It is not sustain ."""
deutschland ohn nato-mitgliedschaft existiert nicht! merkelmussbleiben
fergusonrememb thi is the countri we live in y'all. staywok blacklivesmatt
hillaryclinton yes! We need trump!
melania trump' old friend in her hometown of sevnica look forward to see a slovenian first ladi in the u.s.… 
foke tom hank don make america great again cap to mock trump support in snl skit   foke
"NO women for trump, right media?womenwhovotetrump vote 4 a better future, for american first! "
nypd investig white powder at clinton campaign HQ 
"da gewaltmonopol liegt beim staat, stellt merkel klar. wie immer richtig worte!"
who do you think will win?
salem' hot makeabookwarm
bomb alon  japanamovi midnight
furiou activ is no substitut for understanding. H. H. william
"america: where it' accept to step on our flag, but unaccept to kick illeg out.that must be stopped! "
myemmynominationwouldb best tweet
"compass indic strength, while anger is a sign of weak and forgiv is about not give in to anger or thought of revenge."
see the difference: trump build citieshillari bomb cities! trumpolymp trumppence16 
In guantanamo 
"the texit ralli start in two hours. join us in ft. worth, san antonio, lubbock, houston, dallas, corpu christi… "
teapartynew teaparti theteaparti polit elections2016  guncontrol 2amend 2a 
"brussel islamkil If isi is contained, per potus, whi can't refuge go home? it' safe now"
"""trump ha nobodi help him other than the peopl who vote for him. obama had the media. obama had the judiciary"""
they put pineappl on my pizza reasonstoprotest
thi just prove how incred fake barbi doll are. 
obama defend blm at dallasmemori and blame guns! truli disgrac and traitor president. not my presid 
"If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over? -john wooden"
rememb benghazi! vote trump2016 
foke justin timberlak could face 30 day in jail for US elect vote booth sefli  foke
ameripris financi open offic in legg mason tower 
well.. who care now about obama' birthplace? In 126 day obama will be out🔥birther
"It alway seem impossible, until it' done."
the econom assumpt of trump' trade polici  polit
"I been drunk most my life, don’t ask me why. through ninth grade, I ain’t go to high school, …I went to school high.  – style P"
sicher nachbarn garantieren sicher zukunft! merkel macht all richtig! merkelmussbleiben
cash all of those money order from that nigerian princ so I can afford nice gift for all the girl and boys.  todolistbeforechristma
cop forc disabl black man to get off the cabl car (sfmta) becaus the driver is afraid of hi servic dog. wtf… 
"Or just becaus ""what differ doe it make?"".proud hillari supporters...teapartynew theteaparti polit "
igetdepressedwhen it' the last day of summer and what about you? 
idrunforpresidentif wikileak got banned. those hacker still got my brows histori they hack into!
logic will get you from A to B. imagin will take you everywhere.
high capac mag ban whi ?   pjnet
there is no dishonor in lose the race. there is onli dishonor in not race becaus you are afraid to lose
maketvsexi the soporno
tabl for two.   valentinesdayin3word
trump edg ahead of clinton in u.s. presidenti race: reuters/ipso poll
the way liber rais their kid 
should kerri stop iranian trick right now?? yeah damn!! kerrydosmth
my2017resolut to win the annual ugli sweater contest
sheriff clarke: 'sinister' hillari Is call trump racist to get the black vote 
lakersn 
hillaryaccomplish be the worst woman candid ever. 
"n.j. nativ meryl streep speak at dnc 2016, talk 'grit and grace'"
suddenli it' trump sound soft on illeg immigr 
"they ain't hatin, then start worri then"
"crayola common core lesson promot maoism, global warm alarmism, social justic  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet"
whi don't muslim protest all over the world when isi kill thousand on the behalf of their god? tcot 
yusefsalaam santanaraymond see you realdonaldtrump  
planet Of the appl makeamovierud
solidar with nodapl strengthen all of us 
libertarian VP nomine ‘happy’ take trump vote over clinton  polit
paul ryan Is ‘make a mistake’: trump campaign advis  polit
hillari clinton should follow lead of debbi wasserman schultzneverhillari dncinphl demsinphilli 
donald trump attack muslim father' convent speech  |  
kaylalove1023 Do you have a proof trump support did it?
"the same joke, over, and over, and over again. jeez. thingspeopleontwitterlik "
"trump: ""i'm go to fight for everi person in thi countri who believ gov't. should serv the ppl, not the donor… "
"thi fake ass racist ""social experiment"" ha made it' creator, joey salad sure enough the worst person in america… "
betteralternativetodeb soup.
I realli hope beyonc fuck thi up with black power staywok
"alanhazer5 either that or you get roll into the oval offic to a waiting, nake bill clinton jack up on coke and viagra!!!"
hillari clinton hate everyday americans. confirm by podestaemails3hillaryhatesamerica 
that' funni 😂😂😂 
laura ingraham’ close argument for trump – A new approach that put america first  
"thi is london 2016: ""behead those who insult islam"" say the religionofpeace.normandi "
clinton/obama mandat muslim approv for seal6 op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
all fellow nigga and redneck unit against white hous tyranni and ethnic criminality! thursdaythought 
iamonfir ahahaha have u seen it?? 
youhavegotto count on yourself not your govern 
happybirthdayharrytruman 8 may 1945 US presid harri truman announc that world war II had end in europ
voter say thi elect is about 'lesser of two evils'  polit 
hate is more last than dislik
love is fragile.
amen! 
whyimgangsta I cri my fuck eye out everi time I watch toy stori 3
"i'd love to see her in jail, in an orang jumpsuit, for life.washington claims: hillari get off the ‘email hook’ "
kasim reed dismiss critiqu of hillari clinton’ health as s...  |  
aljazeera new isil shell kill more iraqi soldier in ramadi: At least 13 kill in anb...  uniteblu tcot
democrats' foreign polici in one pic 
journey to work is never an adventur
charlesbukowski women: mani a good man ha been put under... book quot quot
you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blow
i'm with her. and with her. and with her bestie. and with the one in the second row. Oh yes.. i'm with her. 
and that' how war is use to help some crook woman win presidentialelect 
the democrat haven't been so upset sinc the republican took their slave away 
pat robert endors trump at republican nation convent  news
isiswatchingy I can block isi account too! may I govern the country?
'it' reckless for hillari clinton to call for a 550% increas in the syrian refuge program'~ mike penc 
"music is comforting. when everyth ha changed, it' the lyric that stay the same."
"somedayidliketose ""the room"" adapt as a music "
don't wast ani time my4wordnewyearsresolut
thi is how it is 
"ich glaub daran, dass die eurokris bei merkel in guten händen sei. merkelmussbleiben"
beforeivotefortrump I will say that islam ha noth to do with oppress 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari win the nigerian lotteri 
"but i'm lonely, lord i'm lone happi"
"gopdeb you know that  it' nice to see concern people, discuss how to solv our urgent problem vegasgopdeb"
schon 20 jahre? unglaublich! 😱😱😱  und mein herz gehört siriu 😍harrypotter20 
"topvideo kaine: ""it' no time for amateurs"" "
"the pic in my last tweet is mind blowing! I knew there’ rapunzel in frozen, but never thought littl mermaid"
check your privileg 
deutschland bleibt ein lebens- und liebenswert heimat merkelmussbleiben
wors than kenny's.   mybedroomin3word 
liber slogan are all about them imwithh yeswekain pathetic!our slogan are about america and american people! americafirst maga
state of the onion undress problematickidsshow midnight
"whatev is at the center of our life will be the sourc of our security, guidance, wisdom, and power.  – stephen covey"
"here' a dew-cov dogban beetle, just because. mynewcatchphrasei ""i'll be out in the garden."" "
skin color of actor is all you care about when watch the oscars?  oscarhasnocolor oscar
guy it’ time to solv real problems! itsok2begay
dnc day 2: arizona' 102-year-old deleg in roll call  polit
I will keep show you the real natur of islam! disgust what they do to dogs👇 
i'm serious still cri tear of laughter hahaha 
howtoloseyourjob go for your break and never return
trump support yell racist slur at black woman on subway  | 
Es wird nur bei merkel finanzpolitik ohn neue schulden geben! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
the whole nation for trump! amazing! 
sasha obama' summer job 
maketvsexi  mork pork mindi
obamanextjob - pleas come and be prime minist of england!
"sassypatriot69 3rd wave feminism, obvious"
tallahfortrump realdonaldtrump So true!! trumppenc maga trumpforpresid
I want everi african-american to watch thi leak video &amp; understand how arrog hillari is.blackvotematt 
gameshowhostpickuplin wanna be on tv?
So am I wrong for think that we could be someth for real?
abc gum  secondhandgift
new york prison escape arraign On charg relat To breakout
"islamkil isi are the terrorist and some ""refugees"" are isis. accept risk? no!"
these act have noth to do with patriot or freedom   via 3tags_org pjnet
here is the video of explos in chelsea 
"even death bitch say hi to me, she tell her blind friend, she say I gotta see  – lil wayn"
sick peopl need special treatment.that is whi medic marihuana is accept junkieu
thingsnottaughtatschool how to argu polit 
"cantrill: tax differ at heart of trump, clinton plan  polit"
what did I do to make you chang your mind?
islamkil refuge will caus more of what happen in pari brussel
"trump: ""when democrat polici fail, they are left with onli thi one tire argument: you'r racist."" "
keepin it real is not a understood concept  – lupe fiasco
trump blame clinton for 'pure fiction and outright lies' about hi conduct with women 
i'm in love with the thought of be with you.
fec chairwoman want to regul internet speech  tcot pjnet p2 
"when thing aren't ad up in your life, start subtracting."
melania trump' speech similar to michel obama'  |  
donald trump’ campaign spend more than doubl in september. here’ where the money went.  polit
trump isn't the onli realiti star to tri polit  
"liber onli work when the young salv to govt, pay to build the anti-america freedom"
decis 2016: hillari clinton doubl digit lead over donald trump 
when you'r have a good hair day
"wir können auf viel stolz sein, wa wir gemeinsam erreicht haben merkelmussbleiben"
can liber explain me how the hell illeg help our economi when they didn't help their own? 
have you heard anyth about texasjihad? Is there ani information? 
"snapchat coverag of hillari clinton, tim kaine' labor day speech in cleveland: follow along monday  polit"
when I wa a child I spake as a child.
wow. A mississippi polic chief ha ad “all live matter” bumper sticker to hi squad cars. policebrut 
gun and four rose drunkband midnight
"""oh My god, they kill kennedy!"
countri music for old men redneckamovi midnight
black panther' cast react to see the trailer for the first time
"reasonsiaintinarelationship the peopl I want don't want me, the one' who want me I don't want them"
power!!! 
backyard brawl 2016: biden vs. trump  polit
whi soooooooo perfect? 
white men can't trump richmovi midnight
brussel can peopl just accept it? I mean that author have zero control especiali over islamist? islamkil
lead your life honestli and truth will creat trust and friendship.
2016in4word hillari isn't my presidentnotmypresid 
trump action speak louder than crookedhillary' empti tweet of sympathy.whereshillarymaga 
foke hillari clinton say she doesn't need to take brain function test  foke
blackish sabbath  addabandtoatvshow
"sit back and blow me, and argu over my ball like shaq and kobe  – lloyd bank"
 the onli way to sing minaj version
penc say he' get 'whiff of desperation' from democrat  polit
rebharm würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
thingsnottaughtatschool how to be a dictat 
"refuge are not welcom here....period! there are 50,000 homeless american that need our help first! islamkil stopislam"
denver cocki sexysport midnight
survivalguidetothanksgiv float around the cook area so you'd know precis when the food will be ready.
meet dem who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! trumptraindemsinphilli 
trump to hold ralli in NH  polit
 good shot!
all 4 of my grandpar born usa. all 4 roll over in their grave w/ potenti of crookedhillari trumpforpresid
"clinton feel good, say she didn’t pass out dure stumbl  news"
constitution' 22nd amendment: term limit for the presid  pjnet iartg tcot  termlimit
2016in4word our last hashtag game 
.robertjeffress: christian are be 'margin &amp; attacked' in the u.s. &amp; around the world 
"I might be okay, but i'm not fine at all."
best thing i'v seen today. spot on! clinton email fail (&amp; other who do the same) start at the white house. 
knickerless
"stopislam imagin how hard it would be to success vet syrianrefuge who have all ""lost"" their document islamkil"
wikileaks: hillari label black and muslim ‘profession never-do-wells’ 
it' not the worst place where these two can soon find themselves. full blown resurrect of investig is anno… 
medialiesagain and againand again 
"martini, shaken, not roofi onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
lynyrd skynyrd part 6 redneckamovi midnight
islamkil think of all those affect by thi morn aw event in brussel prayforbrussel brussel
the onli way to predict the futur is to have power to shape the future.  – eric hoffer
democrat watch and plot as ‘extinction-level event’ rock the trump campaign  polit
bra mustbebanned. freethenip settheboobiesfre unjustincarcer
"individually, we are one drop. together, we are an ocean."
whore race sexysport midnight
"gop sen. grassley: comey’ limit releas of inform unfair to clinton, congress and the public  polit"
now I see what her slogan realli mean hillaryhealth 
hillari clinton to return to the buckey state: ohio polit roundup  polit
34 dead after explos at the airport and the metro in brussels. it' never gonna be enough for terrorists. 
topvideo anti-trump protest ralli outsid detroit church 
 ahahaha)))
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
the last hous on the cleft  filmsaboutforgettingyourp
"the man in the high sand castle"""
honorforthebrav policemen alway bring us help
midnight redneckamovi the lord of the rings: the return of billi bob
makemusicreligi It start with a myth
_holly_rene cptfred that' the onli reason thing we can do now. close the border and don't let the terrorist enter the country.
"modicagiunta me, too!"
imtoooldfor isol 
one of the way to remind that blacklivesmatt blackpressday
jenn_abram I guess german are just tire
My dick thingspeopleontwitterlik
"onc you advoc kill polic officers, you are not longer protesters, but domest terrorist lawenforcementapprec…"
merkel gibt so viel für bildung und forschung au wie kein bundesregierung zuvor merkelmussbleiben
sendavidperdu how are they gonna protect us if they just let a bunch of terrorist walk the citi of our city? stopislam islamkil
kareem abdul jabber oneletteroffsport midnight hashtagwar
texa offici use obscen for clinton on twitter 
policebrut on a high school student nyc
" hah, not a scooter at last)))"
Is trump gain ground on clinton? 
how to do a whole essay in three class highschooltaughtm
"kanzlerin, die von dem volk gewählt wurde! merkel deutschland "
"liber just want to pretend they can solv problems, but they constantli make it worse. guncontrol isn't a solution, 2A is!  guns4ni"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari frank galagh 
trumpbecaus i'm vote trump2016 💍💞
"unlikelymagic8ballansw ""you never should have run for president."""
who kill me? and bobbi mcgee? addasongruinamovi
So sad and disgusting..thankobamain4word 
thetroublewithaddict hillary' hate campaign against those who she deem sub-human deplor will continu after her rest.
there'l be time when you wanna hold on but you gotta let go. kennychesney
dem congresswoman blame 'wikipedia' for publish leak email lol 
meet peac muslim show the vers in quran which say how gay must be slaughtered!
"I suppos I could wish to make thi bigger, but I can bare walk already.  overheardatthewishingwel"
watch: refuge beat an elderli german man &amp; laugh about it..reminder: hillari admir germany’ immigr model 
"""we are go to end 'catch &amp; release.'"" – realdonaldtrump phoenix trumpphx "
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","""
climat justic march in philadelphia for a cleanenergyrevolutiondncinphl demsinphilli 
"podestaemails18 thi is how your dumb social movement are made. tri to use your brain onc in a while, will you? "
over heated?sh is wear a coat in 110 in florida!hillaryshealth 
"out of humbleness, prophet use to sit with the poor, the needi"
realdonaldtrump hmm🤔 whi the media keep silent on hillari sell off 20% of US uranium to russia?neverhillari 
veteran befor refugees! someth obama and hillari would never dorefugeesnotwelcom 
thi girl ha a veri import msg for hillari &amp; bill clinton!pleas help her to spread the word!deb 
demndeb your mind will be blown with demdeb
"lena dunham: trump would say my bodi 'probabl like a 2': for donald trump, lena dunham' bodi ""i probabl l... "
mad manur cowtv midnight
unexcitingvideogam gta (grand trump' apologies) 
slaughterhous of card midnight cowtv
bark at the devil dogsong midnight
"glick: tim kaine, clinton, and three dead gi  hillary2016 hillary4prison trumpforpresid"
trump: ani illeg immigr will Be subject to deport  polit
dwight howard. nbaballot 
"sidney blumenthal, hillari clinton' confidant, turn over memo on libya 2016elect"
"ciaranla she support trump, so..."
that' how it look like when illeg start whine about how unfair they are treat in the US tcot 
bsdetector8000 It sure wasn't found by those who hate thi land. mayb you should pick up a book and learn a littl about radic islam
"donald J. trump: ""an attack on law enforc is an attack on all americans!""rncincl trump2016"
trump: No legal statu for undocu immigr  polit
thetroublewithaddict is just cant enough of that booti haha good one No serious guy i.. i need... help pleas haha nice not u too mom
 realli inspirational!!
sometim my tri are outsid the line
"you do what you have to do, to do what you want to do."
trump call on gop to improv african-american outreach 
look RT nomysahir: the neverend stori of O addamovieruinamovi midnight
"he' more myself than I am. whatev our soul are made of, hi and mine are the same"
 ador this!
die steuern sind unter merkel berechtigt merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 
could clinton’ and netanyahu’ common love of ‘hamilton’ aid the caus of mideast peace?  polit
p0tustrump 🚨wow: newest fox poll show 28% swing for trump among independents! 
clinton blame fbi director for presidenti elect loss  
iamthankfulfor all my friend in the esport
"""no secretari of state ha been more wrong, more often and in more place than hillari clinton"" ~ donald trump "
betteralternativetodeb bing watch the jerri springer show
clinton on trump: 'everyth is a game' to him  polit
"chicago blacks: ""obama will go down as the worst presid ever""imgoingtomissobamabecaus billybushmademedoit "
betterrollerderbynam donald thump
stopislam islamkil you are fuck retard the refuge are isi you dumb fuck
texa man told hi u.s. flag is a 'threat to muslim community!' 
earthdaysong hot for creatur
"""clinton &amp; her team w/out question help push thi notion that obama was...foreign."" -stephenfhay birther "
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm that dream you have, will come true!! keep going, the best thing is that you just have to kee…"
top 10 sacha baron cohen moment 
"В техасе задержали мужчину с оружием и табличкой, оскорбляющей тех, кто голосует за демократовelectionday "
gabon brace for violenc on eve of elect rule  world news
anti-trump protestor often do act like children 
harri met smelli  insultingmovi
thedemocrat at a prison hillaryforprison2016 hillary4prison vote realdonaldtrump trumpforpresid
"""in the histori of polit there' never been a more hostil media than to donald trump."" ~ donald trump "
"Be a part of pjnet' live cruzcrew meetup/tweetup monday' 8pm et. live chat, cruz videos, and more! "
VP nomine mike pence' campaign plane skid off laguardia runway 
drunkband bachman turner hungov drive midnight
"realdonaldtrump : ""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."""
blastois ha escap
that' the onli issu they realli want to discuss tcot pjnet 
virginia suprem court strike down order allow felon to vote. less vote for dems! but when we'll deal with crimin run for potus?
"coffe and cigarettes. and donuts, pizza, mcnugget and chip makeamoviefat"
swaggi P back tonight!! we miss you 💯 Go laker theswagisback 👌👌
"nightwind56 hahaha, that' a good point!"
cash Me if you can  richmovi midnight
simpli love one another.  4wordgreatidea
texa democrat indict for buy vote with cocain   tcot pjnet ccot wakeupamerica rednationris
more than 800 immigr mistakenli grant citizenship 
can`t imagin anyth wors than marijuana legalization! junkieu
just amazing! 
cub co-own todd rickett to meet with donald trump  
trumpbecaus all the candid have great plans. realdonaldtrump ha action
petti much everi msm coverag of terrorismberlinattack 
140 charact can be worth 1000 words.  thingstoknowabouttwitt
thingsyoucantignor hashtag of course!!!!
everyone` scared! what if govern want to poison nativ americans?? phosphorusdisast
"An anti-transgend perspective, especi if you'v never met a tran person."""
the video doesn’t lie…  tcot
whi doe mic dot com still operate? 
I hope everi idiot who support thi man' protest will read this. trump2016 
"free people, rememb thi maxim: we may acquir liberty, but it is never recov if it is onc lost.  – rousseau"
reasoniamnotpresid too much dumb politician
i'm tire of the whole anti gun thing. say that gun caus murder is like say steer wheel caus car wreck prayers4california
"they are pretend to be humansdon't believ them, obama did it twice "
showyourcrowd hillaryclintonmakeamericagreatagain 
improperuberetiquett reject to get into a cab unless there' a safe space in there
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party' 
money shot-put  sexysport midnight
thank to the liber polici and polit correct thug feel free to do whatev they want!
hillari clinton aim To get black vote 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari gun control. it' not that pain as look at her face for more than 5 second straight
"ruinadinnerinonephras just sent a friend request to your sister, I thought you were the pretti one"
i'm sure the color blind bigot cri babi will also boycott the nba oscarhasnocolor
demdeb damndeb 
they are awesome! 
doubl tap if obj is a live legend dunktim 
presid of the unit state bucket list check  potuslasttweet
"""congrat to my run mate donald trump on a big debat win! proud to stand w/ you!"" ~ mike penc "
sandbar rescu  fishtv midnight
king of the battl of bunker hill addcartoonstohistori midnight
"трамп не исключает того, что легализует большую часть мигрантов "
ernesthemingway thesunalsoris  – don’t you ever get…
thenewresist but she` the queen! she can spent as much money as she wants...
"now we know whi hillari refus to visit louisiana: she think more than a quarter of flood victim are ""deplorable."" basketofdeplor"
"deutschland vereinigt die staaten dieser welt, merkel tut viel dafür! merkelmussbleiben"
maketvsexi everybodi love lingerie-mond
We can’t give presid to an irrespons person who deni her mistak and lie to the whole nation. 
myocdin5word make sure I don't breach a 140 charact limit. In everyth
politweec dafuck happened?
outback-ish maketvshowsaustralian midnight
eat. prius. love.  californiamovi midnight
what a nice campaign buddi hillari ha chosen! 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin trump tower To becom new playboy mansion
merkel wurd vom volk gewählt und man muss damit rechnen! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
A muslim american challeng trump  |  
moin moin 😊 schönen sonntag! 😊 hamburg 
angela merkel würdigt die leistungen der deutschen brauwirtschaft merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
angela bassett butt nake  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
".realdonaldtrump: ""the drug are pour across the border, it' like water, and we'r go to solv that problem… "
what thi cowboy just announc On fox new last night will make trump cheer!  
hillari on trial! retweet   wakeupamerica makedclisten tcot ccot teaparti conserv
Of cours punk!! 
фильм clinton cash будет на ралли берни сандерса 
thi elect isn't about republican vs democrats.  it' about our country!corrupt shall not win! 
celebr who can't see you but you think they saw that last tweet becaus they said someth vagu related. thingspeopleontwitterlik
hillari lament ‘long list of african american kill by police’charlotteriot 
"In austin, trump doubl down on border wall  |  "
"everyth will be alright if ya hold on, it' a struggl everday, gotta roll on  – tupac"
"oh, look cool!! "
"both candid have to play a ""game"" with jigsaw. betteralternativetodeb "
... 
rage against the breathalyz drunkband midnight
white american are nearli as blind to their racism as ever befor oscarhasnocolor
joke about twitter thingspeopleontwitterlik
colleg student hold anti-trump walkout  
On electionday you should remeb what'v happen in benghazitoday and forever! 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  Go fuck practic
washington examiner: clinton told fbi she thought classifi mark were alphabet paragraph 
"don't forc someon to make time for you, if they realli want to, they will."
"for clinton, a daili dose of faith along with polit "
the 2016 nyc mexican day parad 
donald trump to give foreign polici address at youngstown state univers on monday  polit
maketvshowsaustralian the bold and the bonza midnight
"good morning, fellow americans! god bless our flag and everi man and woman stand for it! "
"never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.  – harriet B. stow"
"ihavearighttoknow whi mom is thi late come home. it' bedtime. - my cat, last night. here is he stare at th… "
horton hear A hootenanni redneckamovi midnight
inde 
"MT kingegbert1: It is okay to say god bless america.  say it loud, say it free!  renewu pjnet  tcot    "
"clinton, trump exchang racial charg accus  polit"
obama ignor the genocid of christian for 8 long year thanksobama 
khizr khan urg trump to ‘join hand with good muslims’  polit
their foundat earn money for clinton and peopl they are buyingwhat chariti are we talk about? 
« the good of the peopl is the greatest law. » cicero
meth becom her redneckamovi midnight
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stop tri to grow up so fast becaus adulthood is a bitch
hillaryclinton trump will beat you!
amazing!! 
mexico threatens: If trump win we will call back our citizen 
father of orlando shooter sight at hillari clinton event  news
imagin be so convinc that say “no” to a migrant is offens that you end up say “yes” to join isi 
whiteprivilegemean be call  racist for bring up valid points!check statistics! 
kr one.1 robothiphop midnight
support the police! stay on their side...becaus blue live matter!bluelivesmatt teapartynew gop 
californiamovi idiocraci
kriegsschiff soll g20-gipfel schützen
sweeneyman18 yeah. they don't want to go back home for some reason.
god' three answer to your prayer : 1 – ye 2 – not yet 3 – I have someth better in mind
vote for trump  gopdebatesc
"against a backdrop of war, Ad portray donald trump as re...  news |  "
"terroristm is a real threat, fed think it a TV joke terrorizem"
humoritarian looool
bloom where god plant you  ccot
i’m not with her becaus i’m petti  via theroot imnotwithh hillari imwithh jillnothil bernieorjil
calm down guys. VP pick wa tough. time will tell if trump made the right decision. We have to trust himtrumpp 
trump refus to back away from fals claim obama found IS 
blacklivesmatt 
jenn_abram lol
probabletrumpstweet I am the greatest and the most perfect man of all times; all the women desir me; all the politician…
media keep say that everyon who stand with trump is racist...what about rosa park &amp; muhammad ali then?! 
the hardest job in world momin5word
foke huma abedin' loyalti to anthoni weiner could help hillari clinton win US elect  foke
hillaryclinton can we trust you? watch hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid 
who know 
report: trump loss may mean he didn’t pay tax for year  news
barney madoff  softenabadguy midnight 
michigan is an auto world perfectstatein5word
trap!!! 
amazing! 
accord to msm christian are the problem not muslims.. 
white privileg man! realdonaldtrump 
valentinesdayin3word ben and jerri
reasonstoprotest I want to sit on a couch and do noth
thingsidontwantoncamera my fail attempt at nude
secondhandgift invent of radio
"corpor media ""news"" worstpaineverin3word "
sie ist für all die sie mögen die richtig wahl und für all die sie nicht mögen die besser alternative. merkelmussbleiben
u.s. accus russia of hack to interfer with elect 
thi is a must-read. clinton must be in prison hillaryforprison 
imalwaysokwith free pizza
"trump will mauer zu mexiko ""mexiko wird dafür bezahlen, sie wissen es nur noch nicht""usa doofeberuf azubi"
the man who film eric garner' death begin hi jail sentence. He will serv 4 year in jail. 
thanksobama our veteran are treat wors than immigr
reasonstogetdivorc  she diss my girlfriend.
"merkel ist die best kanzlerin, die deutschland je hatte… merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi"
ireallylikeyoubut I realli like be alon
mccain rip trump for attack on muslim soldier' famili  |  
I can easili distinguish my pretti part but that doesn't make me pretti in common
2ndamendmentday the experi of every-day life fulli prove that the arm individu is invari anxiou to tri hi strength
trump plan anoth visit to washington state  local
donald trump’ speech to the gop convent  news
thetroublewithaddict  there aren't enough treatment program for peopl who dress up their cats..... 
momin5word she doesn't like hey violet ????
via b4infeatured: bulli teen use horrifi ordeal To send A power messag  tcot
"brussel islamkil they are still the crowd OF peopl who chant ""death TO america"" when they don't need US "
pole model  dickflick midnight
barkerfac dogsong midnight
I love america tcot pjnet 
In the end everyon end up alone.
My ex-girlfriend. she wa pass around like a bong. secondhandgift
whatiwantforchristmasin4word good thing in life job food love health joy laughter success
obama warn against 'a crude sort of nationalism' or 'tribalism' take root in the u....  
gallup poll: hillari drop to lowest level of millenni approv 
neverforget what the real target were. 
allenwest NO TO hate violence!
So clearly. thank you gov't for 14 victim in sanbernardino prayers4california
"stwalker98117 keith_bumgarn the ""no you!"" argument at it finest"
'new leadership is what we need to defend our freedom of speech and resist the ongo islamization'~ geert wilder 
"oh, look cool!! "
So charming! 
"not ignorance, but ignor of ignorance, is the death of knowledge."
obama make trade deal top prioriti in remain month 
rob the place after hour howtoloseyourjob 
"she' the giver I wish I could be, and the stealer of the covers. bradpaisley"
donald trump' elect ha unleash the hate  
"stopislam If you honestli think that none of the syrian refuge are isi soldiers, you'r an idiot islamkil"
“how mani peopl have destroy an iphon or a phone with a hammer? anybodi in the room?” ~ donald trump 
"Be iron depress and partak in qualiti memes, thi is the way of the tweet thingstoknowabouttwitt"
drunker than u2. drunkband midnight
"rubio, mccain face pro-trump challeng in tuesday primari  polit"
 now I want a cat
trump tax return sought in interest group’ request to ir  polit
icantbeurfriendbecaus last time I came to your hous you didn't even offer a sister a
"donald trump’ fundrais fall off in october, put him a sever cash disadvantag in final stretch  polit"
muslim uber driver rape 17-year-old passenger. Of cours it ha nothingtodowithislam 
"islamkil let' say 10 out of 25,000 refuge are isis. how mani did the parisattack take? wake up. stopislam"
"hillari actual post it yesterdayseem like clinton' staff is realli sabotag her campaigngood morning, tho… "
prais myrself with a cup of coffee.i'v been a good boy today 😇
ishouldgetamedalfor stay up until 3 am read phanfict danisnotonfir amazingphil
bay area trump supporter' 'taco truck' warn  news
stopislam islamkil j'apprend dan le métro pour la belgiqu
kerstingries würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
trump tell page six that he won’t bring up bill clinton’ sexual histori dure the next debat  polit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari chlamydia
tofeelbetteri hate peopl 
poll: 72% of mich. voter want trump tax releas 
dank merkel bekomm ich mehr lohn merkelmussbleiben
and: rubio = amnesti  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  We need cruz!  
watch how muslim teach children!american school will be the same under hillary! 
your main duti is to protect us. protect US from potu and jihadis. islamkil brussel
sometim the best convers are unspoken words.
bmw motorcycl collid with bmw 335i in clinton twp.
"tut_iamk mostdawnt right. see, it' not about race or religion. I don't oppos ani of this. it' about goddamn media hypocrisy!"
meth-mak product remov from home by hazmat team: mayfield height polic blotter: offic respond to a home at…
rememb dem get out there earli and vote often today. riggedelect trumpforpresid
topnew obama would veto bill allow 9/11 famili to sue saudi arabia
icicl tast like ice cream worstchildhoodrumor 
whatiwantforchristmasin4words. To smoke a doobi
kinder bei schulbus-unfal in wesel verletzt  via wdr
the latest: clinton defend parent of fallen muslim soldier  polit
idontneedacostumebecaus I have other stuff to do
islamkil c'est dan ce moment que j'ai envi de dire à quel point l'homm peut être con. prayforbrussel stopislam
UK decid to leav EU and to remain free trade nationbrexit article50 
sad and crazi person tri to rob rooseveltfieldmal and I hope lib won’t somehow connect it to gun law toughen gardencityshoot
update🚨video of shoot outsid penn station.hmm🤔 but liber said muslim are peaceful?! 
childrenthinkthat we can't be cool
u.s. chamber of commerc plan to ‘turn up the heat’ on immigr reform if trump is elect  polit
putin reject accus of meddl in u.s. elect  news
where the trump-clinton race stand a day befor they debat 
new from scranton in 3 pics: first biden had to hold hillari up..then she fall asleep..then she got lost again. 
watch: christi fals claim trump drop obama 'birther' fight in 2011 
😂😂 
"funni that trump can now post liter the same list, just chang name "

hollywood star hold climat ralli ahead of dnc  entertain
trump say stop-and-frisk comment meant for chicago  polit
not exactli what I meant when I wish for a nice...well...y know  overheardatthewishingwel 
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘when you have an effici government, you have a dictatorship’"
easi instruct for chri brown &amp; other blm thugs!polic say stop! you stop! 
thi is some crazi ass shit  
"""russia wasn't hi sourc &amp; pre obama is tri to 'delegitimize' trump with russia hack claims"" ~ julian assang "
newsmax thehil newscomauhq tb_time firstpost that’ how your congratul to obama should look like  
humoritarian he just should talk less
bdutt hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump trumpforpresid hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
berlin christma market terror attack survivor will be deni compens berlinattack 
cam erv focus on task at hand: cleveland brown offens lineman cam erv focus o...  #…
trump hit back at clinton' islam state claim  polit
cuf season soon  mybedroomin3word
русская девочка поздравляет трампа с победой 
been about ya and i'm still about ya.
"press wa alway speak freely, but now corpor use all their opportun to bia the inform slaveryofspeech"
"Be strong in body, clean in mind, lofti in ideals. -jame naismith"
My rapier wit hide my inner pain.  – cassandra clare
peopl who are worri that refuge are terrorist are do a great job islamkil
thi is too hot 
presid obama write fierc feminist essay for hi daughter happybirthdaymrpresid 
the law enforc commun love donald trump!let' make america great again togeth 
"wir müssen un erinnern, dass unser kinder auf diesem planeten leben werden! earthovershootday"
"'the good, the bad and the rest of the trump family'  insultingmovi"
the swim dead fishtv midnight
memawma mia dumberbroadway midnight
former miss usa competitor ha a messag for women about donald trump!womenwhovotetrump 
obama mention gilbert soldier in dnc speech  |  
america is the most except nation in the histori of the world…. sensass flyovercultur rednationris 
"when shit goe down and side are taken, you find out who wa real and who wa fake"
"russia allegedli success test intercontinent ballist missil launch from icbm-launch train ""barguz… "
"topvideo clinton ha work through previou health episodes, bill clinton say "
ohn einwander geht wohlstand verloren. merkelmussbleiben
black kid not be abl to be kid  wearhoodiefortrayvon wearealltrayvon
DO the right thing america!!! trump2k16 trumpforpresid 
ihaveadreamthat today I can be a hot cinnamon bun and never leav my bed 
"I don't believ blacklivesmatt is too complex for america, becaus we'r the nation that put a man on moon. "
No liber bullshit anymore!maga 
sie macht ihr aufgab weder gut noch schlecht sondern neutral. merkelmussbleiben
howard student to report on gop convent  news | 
"should be 2nd onli to the bibl in sale nowadays: 'atla shrugged', ayn rand, 1957  ""who is john galt?""  pjnet 14"
are you readi for hillari ?teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv gop 
"reallifemagicspel ""shut up!"" - to stop irrit nois some peopl make"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari drunk call
some of clinton' libya email said to be withheld from benghazi committe 2016elect
"merkel zum klimaschutz-rückzug der usa""nicht kann un aufhalten""  pariserklimaabkommen"
how can you call it normal? she' nut and dangerousislamistheproblem 
My two stomach  cowtv  midnight
itsriskyto make selfi in front of a come train
the stock market just keep go up and up! there is no stop it! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"ilove__butihate__ I love you, but I hate you...i hate that song"
"carlabraham1 hi, carl! our commun is hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover… "
the 2A IS my gun permit!   pjnet tcot ccot noguncontrol
clinton super-pac prioriti usa rais $24.6m in septemb  polit
wsu send out safeti alert after man approach women offer massag  news
"wenn du prinz bist, aber man piesackt dich immerhin 😂royalvisitgermani "
if there were no white actor nomin would you run the same story????? and have oscarsoblack  oscarhasnocolor oscar
honorforthebrav bless all the polic offic be 🙏🙏🙏👮 
silver foil surfer stonedcomicbook
peter king: republican oppos trump could caus 'civil war' in parti 
armstrong: trump victori would Be risk premium event  polit
politweec sound reason
"i'll buy axe from now on - and I can onli hope, right ? "
obama to meet with turkey' erdogan in china on septemb 4  world news
todolistbeforechristma start eat healthi
whenitimetravel it' usual aid by heinlein or clarke.
"let it go, but get your shit done"
phoenix demand it cop Be remov from trump Ad  polit
monicalewinski affair mark offici death of liber  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot rush tcot teaparti tpp
donald trump' econom polici speech: how accur are his...  |  
😂😂presid trump! 
lost time is never found again.
thi is what you call a policest 
"hey, what about  techcompaniessoasian or constructionsomexican. ya'll nigga just racist  oscarhasnocolor oscar"
i'm live off of grass
white supremacist for trump target independ in utah call 
danageezu oh so true 😁
gopdeb you know that  My vote for carson gopdeb vegasgopdeb
Is there ani inform about trump plan to start a realiti show on how to be a president?i bet he will make it
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen glücklichen donnerstag! 😊 
jennifer' bodi disorder. californiamovi midnight
you make me smile even when there' no reason to.
If you support hillari clinton unfollow me now trump2k16 trumpforpresid
cuthroat island of doctor moreau midnight addamovieruinamovi
"i'm not go to cri over him, becaus that' what he wants. i'm gonna keep my head up, smile and show that motherf*ck what he' missing."
imtoooldfor disobey my mom
trumpbecaus A tini leak can sink a ship ☺️☺️☺️
hypocrit starter pack:1. claim yourself a democrat socialist2. criticis rich elite3. buy $575k summer hous 
give iran $400 mil cash obama turn the US into the biggest sponsor of terrorism! 
brevard counti primari elect result  local |  
obamaswishlist have sex with melanlatrump
lost vision superoldhero midnight
czech financ minister' parti jump in poll after region elect victori  news
"whi aren't such peopl be forc to leav the plane, huh? "
"hillaryclinton' three speech to goldmansach for which she wa paid $675,000  "
philippin leader threaten to curs out obama; obama call him 'color guy' 
"whiteliberalproverb ""donald trump is an isi recruiter!"" "
clinton: look past ‘all the noise’ in the close day of the elect  polit
breaking🚨anoth explos in charlottesvil mall in virginia!!!chelseamanhattan 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
realli epic fails))) 
trump is now offici run against washington - all of it! We will win! vote trumppence16 to take the corrupt… 
clinton new network post thi pictur from venezuela claim it' trumpprotest in lo angeles. you'r first to… 
hmm🤔 how doe loot hair salon better the racial tension in america?milwauke 
"the muslim student associ held a group prayer at univers of michigan, with 200 non-muslim stand guard i… "
donald trump’ other campaign foe: the ‘lowest form of life...  |  
obama say he doesn't take duterte' comment person  news
"while radic muslim are busi behead christians, 'moderate' muslim entertain themselv by burn flags! "
maketvsexi crime
lol thought thi wa rc car 
iamonfir treat her like a queen and she'll treat you like a king. treat her like a game and she'll show you how it' played....
warren: congress should reject obama' tpp trade deal  p2 uniteblu tlot tcot job tech
underwear thingsyoucantignor worldofhashtag 
"when I look back on thi part of my life, i'd like to be abl to say; &amp;quot;phew! that wa close! ut I made it!&amp;quot;"
hillari ha done noth dure her 30 yr polit career!w need change. 
mustbeban pledg of allegi in classrooms.wait for it.should start the day with the nation anthem: kid don't know the word to it.
what is it with their agenda
ilove__butihate__ I love garlic but I hate garlic breath.
scare peopl with a train horn! tag your friend who would do thi to you! 
To be offended. thingspeopleontwitterlik
donnabrazil to be fire as dnc chair 
sometimesitsokto live-tweet your entir exist
frau merkel steht für sozial gerechtigkeit und erhaltung der schöpfung merkelmussbleiben
thingsthatshouldbecensor stupid peopl talking.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A boko haram promis ring
knkcattl 1 world govern agenda21 now be implement tcot tlot ocra teaparti pjnet molonlab ccot  
durantrandi momcat2111 not sure but probabl
letter intimid voter befor elect day  news
ani from kayn west addasongruinamovi
"trump divid prompt firings, resign at state parti  news"
"you cant take everyth in the world, In god we trust!"
thetroublewithaddict is that it remind you'r addict too :D
our hashtag today is icelebratetrumpwith
"tim kaine: trump is too ‘emot volatile, fact-challenged, self-obsessed’ to be command in chief  polit"
thingspeopleontwitterlik freak and freaki things.
'democraci must be re-establish mass immigr must be fought..' ~ marin Le pen 
kany west' love for kany west mustbeban
onewordoffbook the sound and the furbabi
midnight terra nova scotia maketvshowscanadian
We don't need anoth nation embarrassment!demsinphilli 
i'm just go to leav it here 
.david_avella: elect result were a complet repudi of the progress agenda dem have been forc down… 
addabandtoatvshow 3 dog whisper night
tierschützer scheiterten an ebens jausenst 
jver1 hello joyce! thank you too!! I hope thi too!!! enjoy you day and god bless you!
trump-support teen beaten at high-school protest in suburban maryland: report  
« We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be readi tomorrow to call it falsehood. » william jame
elect day!!! trumpforpresid
man attempt To scale trump tower in nyc  news |  
"fed spend nearli $20,000 to settl everi refugee! "
huge steel magnolia with human pilot battl in them japanamovi midnight
"In wine there` wisdom, in beer there` freedom, in water there` bacteria!"
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
hillaryclinton your corrupt never changes!
"it' beauti when two stranger becom best friends, it' terribl depress when two best friend becom strangers. ihq"
so cuteee 
rejecteddebatetop whi not to start anoth war?
obama administr stall north dakota oil pipelin minut after judg approv it  polit
scteatv cowtv midnight
trump say lost larg number of women voter on ‘made Up events’  polit
In the thick of It maketvshowscanadian midnight
blacklivesmatt constantli attack sheriff D. clarke!
"stop give money to trump, republican fundrais reportedli say "
merkel sieht viel interessant und außergewöhnlich ort merkelmussbleiben
"former presid georg h.w. bush plan to vote for clinton, accord to a famili friend  polit"
tjstidham14 birdlawd riggedelect riggedsystem  trumpforpresid
nocybercensorship did you know today is world day against cyber censorship? 
notmypresid rt! thi is important! stop trump! stop racism! join the protest at union sq. saturday 12 pm… 
"""thi ha becom a nation secur election...which person is go to protect me &amp; my family?"" ~ sebgorka… "
white supremacist ralli at houston naacp for ‘white live matter’ with confeder flag 
"terribl start for paul ryan and trump at rnc: darci cartoon: If trump realli want to win ohio, he need to sta...  cleveland polit"
"9 peopl were kill in south carolina, they were pray in church! hatecrim"
trumpbecaus the peopl trump card to be play 2016 becaus we are sick
lessgracefulwaystoleav 😂😂 
"""you cannot point a gun at a polic offic and expect noth to happen"" ~ david clarkemilwauke "
i'v never play golf reasoniamnotpresid
megyn kelli and mark fuhrman exploit san bernardino shoot To smear blacklivesmatt As terror enabl 
alway write angri letter to your enemies. never mail them.
alan cumming: trump allow peopl To espous view they'd oth...  |  
never trust a comput you can't throw out a window.
gabon leader under scrutini as EU question elect win  news
makeabookwarm romeo
hillari definit made history. hillarylost 
fbi investig new email found in probe of clinton' privat server 
topvideo obama commit to close guantanamo: white hous 
polic investig vandal Of trump’ hollywood star 
badjudgmentin5word when terrorist vote for you. 
ivanka trump: father 100% believ in women👏👍rncincl 
I won`t wear latex like a catwoman reasoniamnotasuperhero
 leathercraft canva bib apron my4wordnewyearsresolut 
obama say dnc hack would not alter relat with russia  world news
2017survivaltip stop wast money on useless shit
her hors wa sink quickli when she did someth unforgett
i'll alway catch you baby. always...
breaking: fbi now 99% certain at least 5 foreign agenc hack into hillary' serverlockherup hillaryforprison 
cia is beyond the control of the citizen taxesforalqaeda
cnn - clinton new network 
"trump blast clinton, depart of justic over leak email "
wow I never thought i'd see 300 six pack in one screen shot but there it is 300 tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
'apprentice' insid paint a pictur of trump' crass behavior toward women 
divid america: how china fuel pain and trump support 
I want one! 
cthagod he wa threaten to not show up and let the bronco win. staywok
thingsyoucantignor belt cleavag
thingsnottaughtatschool speak your mind without a permiss
atf1216 you felt pride just becaus she wa a woman? that' whi you vote for her? electionday neverhillari trumpforpresid
health blue bell ice cream expand recal
america IS great again. offendeveryonein4word 
summeramovi 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari charl manson
RT if you also want mr. trump' busi mindset in the white house! 
"i'm just wondering, how toler our liber would be in case they were forc to wear hijabs. teaparti tcot "
thingsdonebymistak trump' father not pull out in time...
squizzy36 with garlic?
maximum rt! it' time for PA resid to make the right choice. let' bring prosper back in penna! WE can DO it… 
"same as everi night."""
it' a perfect hillari clinton parodi 
obama: trump' doom-and-gloom doesn't match realiti  polit
berni sander tell skeptic voter to stick with clinton over a third parti  polit
"let me see you put your heart up, yeah. if you give a littl love, mayb we can chang the world."
marijuana contain more cancer-caus substanc than tobacco!!! junkieu
son of anemon fishtv midnight
patriot is easi to understand in america - it mean look out for yourself by look out for your country.  ~calvin coolidg
great! i`d do the same 
pence’ critic role: trump’ emissari to evangel  news
my2017biggesthop to final meet those hot ladi in my area who can't wait to see me
southern exposur midnight maketvshowsaustralian
bucket and spade on entebb summeramovi
commun kill 
obama describ trump As insecur dure duckworth fundrais 
christie: cruz 'selfish' for not endors trump at rnc 2016
crowd hous hunter addabandtoatvshow
pastor and 8 other dead after that scum open fire hatecrim charlestonshoot
"thetroublewithaddict to power is that onc you'v had it, you'll liter kill yourself to get more of it. "
music is my life...
liber ceo have been make some bad choic lately. sharia is incompat with western valu and cultur 
donaldtrump says: RT donaldjtrumpjr: thank new hampshire!!!  NH newhampshir maga  trumpforpresid
realdonaldtrump trumpforpresid hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"trump campaign say obama born in us, but will trump say so?  news"
"man who shot crossroad mall terrorist is uspsa competitor, 3-gun shooter. that' whi i'm pro-gun!2a "
 celeb befor surgeri
"that' what islam look like religionofpeace, right? "
hillari voter podestaemails15 
giftideasforpolitician poster with trump
"philippin leader tell obama 'go to hell', say can buy arm from russia, china  world news"
still feel like the first time to stand here by your side
"clinton, kain stump togeth after convent  polit"
the cuban bubblegum crisi addcartoonstohistori midnight
unlik your parent 
RT if you also stand with our police!bluelivesmatt 
beardwalachokra no. don't touch my fries.
"gennif flower say bill clinton contact with her in 2005, hopin' for a littl somethin' something' "
judg napolitano: hillari clinton offer fbi offici bribe to chang the classif of some of her emails..… 
addasongruinamovi ani kany song in ani movi
"thi behavior is offens to somebody, but no one is allow to call them act like thi caus it would be oppre… "
... 
"stellt ihr euch petri al kanzlerin vor? afd ich auch nicht, merkelmussbleiben"
"sometim when thing are fall apart, they may actual be fall into place."
mass media in 2017tcot pjnet maga 
A brief guid to the alleg made by women against donald trump 
are we wait till they ban our nation flag becaus it offend isis? NO way! teapartynew theteaparti polit 
itsriskyto let your friend in your flat when there are no parent at home
melania trump sue daili mail for libel  polit
"reallly, why?! "
it' not the size of the dog in the fight it the size of the fight in the dog.
trump' truest believ start to worri 
igetdepressedwhen I realiz that sicko can becom our next presid 
"renamemillionwomenmarch  ""slumpbust on display!"""
atlantabreak sanaa lathan on the margin of black actors: 'hollywood ha a way to go'
LA time report tweet hi hope for trump’ death  
just a reminder: blm leader deray live in home own by soros! 
trump aid offer resign in melania trump plagiar incid  polit
"imtoooldfor tv show binge-watching. I have shit to do, you know"
georgeguic 
It isn't my fault that all the ladi want me! rapcor
oscarssowhit is ridiculous! oscarhasnocolor oscar 
crookedhillari strike again!  corrupthillari wikileak podestaemails35 sickhillari spirircook maga maga3x h… trumpforpresid
"ow pathet we becam under obama' rule. time to take america back, elimin enemi and makeamericagreatagain "
respect!! 
email show clinton' respons to lgbt backlash 
these photo are not from iraq...thi is obama' america!milwauke 
"mani of them are rapist and murderers,  andthenishouldhavesaid, I am a racist and bigot! donald J. trump"
foke david walliam dress as trump for jonathan ross' halloween bash  foke
"count your rainbows, not your thunderstorms."
"obama promis to work for a ""smooth transition"" of power to trump. here' a memo clinton got for you… "
"tedcruz let loos on whi he' stand by trump: ""hillaryclinton is an absolut disaster"" "
really_huh is thi water?
you must find the place insid yourself where noth is impossible.  – deepak chopra
video : rudi giuliani “donald trump is peak at just the right time” electionday  
what muslim think about woman' rights...und a clinton administration... come to a citi near you!! 
"If you don't suffer the pain of hard work now, you will suffer the pain of regret later. iamonfir"
täglich treten rund 60 neue mitglied der cdu bei. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
sometim I feel I go down and so disconnect
pittsburgh african american leader mobil for hillari clinton 
"""I think, frankly, donald trump' go to end up beat hillari by a surpris margin."" - newt gingrich… "
wendigo psychosi is an afflict bought on by isol in which the suffer crave human flesh. thetroublewithaddict
"noth new, just donald trump’ understand of chariti is a littl differ from most people’   ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ "
MT cnm_michael: 'everi time we run to the middl we lose. It happen over
cop will pay the fiddler for it soon policebrut wearhoodiefortrayvon
helgahstii ye
topvideo pence: media pars trump talk while ignor clinton record 
govern must resolv the issu fast!!!! will someon do someth about it?! phosphorusdisast
"clinton ha 8ppt lead over trump in virginia, cb new say  polit"
leak campaign email show ‘moderate’ side of clinton  news
"the real trump trump about you"" watch make 1   tcot pjnet 1A 2A trump trump2016 "
26 black women who die In polic custodi 
rip My prayers4california I hope thi won’t happen to our countri again
guns4ni most adult who carri conceal handgun are law-abid and do not misus their firearm guncontrol
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart I heard they have great price on electron peopl get paid super well and there promot are good
trumpwinsbecaus he care about our veterans! trumpforpresid
🔥🔥🔥trump leap ahead of clinton in new poll trumppence16 
"newt gingrich: ""trump' got to stay big. he' got to go right at hillaryclinton as the most corrupt candid in h… "
merkel bringt deutschland in ordnung merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
donttellanyonebut I have some crossword issu 
the over 50 bmi march. renamemillionwomenmarch
ilove__butihate__ dear bug
he is realli cool! 
vegan vs vegetarian  betteralternativetodeb
On your tweet dumberbroadway midnight
A version of scoobi doo where they don't use the drug refer subtli but right in your face. problematickidsshow
let' make a feel gameshowhostpickuplin
what is the audienc demographics? US europ are major white. henc major white actor oscarhasnocolor
thi should cost her her freedom and more...deb 
trump!!! trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 prayingforourcountri trumpforpresid
warm-hearted and compass are the key to be happi human be live in happi famili and commun
sen. warren question what trump' hide in tax  polit
"72 year ago today, u.s. marin captur mount suribachi and rais a pair of american flag on iwo jima. "
"clinton: 'don’t lose heart, don’t give up'  "
obama 'not confident' russia can help end syrian war 
that' whi you should ask yourself who the peopl hinder trump' govern are.makeamericagreatagain 
anti-smok law made my dad mad
that realli is fuck up gop gop trump maga trumptrain  trumpforpresid
islamkil rt.... prayforbrussel brussel
hillari walk with kaineimnotwithhersign thi petit to prevent us from her leadership! 
"""hey benedict arnold!"
Is the u.s. elect kill the economy?  polit
I don`t care about him. just have a fun! 
yankeesman1 englishmaner inkofsquid which is not actual a bad thing
"Do not fear to be eccentr in opinion, for everi opinion now accept wa onc eccentric. -bertrand russel"
"the thing you own, own jew onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
hawaii five-oarfish fishtv midnight
"🚨podestaemails2: ""conspir to produc unawar and compliant citizenry""it' all about mind control‼️ "
from here To fratern allmalereboot
"говорят, творение штаба клинтон.на передовой.за неё.чтобы победить русских мужчин,понадобятся американские женщин… "
12 year an audioslav makeabookwarm midnight
hillary' note for tonight are found!  debatenight debat debates2016 
don't read a book and be a follow
never pay a redback spider rulesforeverydayliv
i'm look forward to other EU countri final understand they don't need it happi brexitday everyon 
donald trump again won’t acknowledg obama wa born in ...  news |  
report: 'partridg family' daughter dead at 52  entertain
are trump' controversi rais doubt among ardent supporters? not realli  polit
she' weak and she' tire of feel like thi
donald trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari clinton for president! 
outspoken chri christi silent about trump' lewd comment 
trust your coach. — trust your team. — trust yourself.
"hous gop nomin ryan as speaker, with trump’ support  "
"MT jphilman0206: let elect the most qualifi man to clean up the mess, tedcruz. trust  cruzcrew pjnet"
If a cultur approv rape someth is wrong with cultur and I don't want it heremakeamericagreatagain 
becaus if they don't they'd be killed. freedom of choic ha nothingtodowithislam 
rememb bill say that hillari suffer more than these guy in benghazi! 
addsethimproveanyth I wonder if those fluffi sether would tickl or make me sneez
good advic dude 
die cdu steht für bezahlbar energiepreis merkelmussbleiben
top clinton aid got limit immun in probe  polit
MT searchwithgod: phil 2:10 so that at the name of jesu everi knee should bow...  renewu pjnet
bibi` victori is obama` person defeat!
teapartynew  republican elections2016 cat secondamend 2ndamend constitut freedom right 
clinton say she wasn’t expect trump’ ‘avalanch of falsehoods’  polit
merkel verteidigt mutig die freiheit und die unabhängigkeit deutschland merkelmussbleiben
syria | rebel in Al rai protest presenc of US troop besid them 
 thi is kinda insult for skinni peopl
topnew stress out by u.s. election? tune out and assum downward-fac dog pose
misquot are the onli quotat that are never misquoted.
🚨bombshel video of voter fraud:
He will makeamericagreatagain 
rawlings-blak to trump on twitter: 'girl bye'  polit
what' life worth live with frown? pick your head up and put a smile on your face and never forget what make you happy.
dailylifein4word brush my guinea pig 
obama return from summer vacat readi for busi fall 
brussel islamkil Te erg voor woorden prayforbrussel
conceal carri nationwide! No more gun-fre zones! onli real stuff now! islam terrorist aren't feel lucki an… 
"ihavearighttoknow If everything' realli go to be alright, or if my therapist is full of shit"
igetdepressedwhen I look in the mirror...
thingspeopleontwitterlik fall in love with peopl they will never meet
new state depart email reveal hillaryclinton slept past staff effort to set up intellig brief 
🚨breaking: machin refus to allow vote for trump in pennsylvania!!rt the hell out of it! voterfraudvoted… 
"that what' go on when media claim jihadist are victims, not criminalsw shouldn't repeat europe' mistakes… "
hell is empty.al demon are here!
"when republican spend eight year deligitim and obstruct  obama, but now say we should ""come togheth to… "
pennsylvania mayor post racist meme about lynch presid obama  
"topnew trump gain on clinton despit furor over women, elect comment"
"несмотря на взломы имэйлов и прочие скандалы, клинтон теперь обгоняет трампа, аж на 6% "
electionday who will win? trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
😨😨i will f**k you up! you n****r! – polic smash black citizen’ face into car over “loud music”: report… 
beauti natur but life is hard! 
MT sdv92: liberti never came from government. articlev  cosproject pjnet
danc is not forbidden. midnight robothiphop 
"fox new analyst and clinton operative, doug E. schoen, accept million of dollar to agit for war with russia"
"realdonaldtrump ""I will not rest until children of everi color in thi countri are fulli includ in american dream"""
"unlik trump, sheriff arpaio not readi to conclud obama born in u.s. "
christmasaftermath not readi for work
kain critic fbi director: “when you [reopen probe] 11 day befor elect and you don’t provid mani details… 
pawserv realdonaldtrump those who don't want to be judg as stereotyp should stop be stereotyp
"even if your on the right track, if you stand still you will get hit by a train."
"hey libtard ,should we take away everyone' car sinc motor vehicl death outpac gun death  prayers4california"
dickflick manchest by the ciali midnight
 best girl workout
trade: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
"reallifemagicspel ""give 110 percent"" - unwittingli use by mathemat proven idiot to indic themselves. also it…"
"In essence, oscarpistoriu ha now been convict for the murder of the black man he thought wa behind the door. blacklivesmatt"
our life Is what our thought make it. marcu aureliu
just shoot everyon who come too close antipolicebrutalityday
nocybercensorship cuz it onli block content that goe against the will of the leader
I have yet to hear a man ask for advic on how to combin marriag and a career.
fraud alert!🚨st polic raid indi offic in grow voter fraud case 
"anti-nuclear candid head for win in japan local election, blow to tepco  world news"
"protest gun with dildos... well, at least she can die happi if a shoot occurs. liberallog 2A "
obama’ worst decis illegalamigoz
kessler feel bless to be with browns: rooki quarterback codi kessler feel bless to ...  cleveland sport
2016in4word i'm not with her 
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
hillari terrorist-support hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"iamonfir welp, look like i'm get wast thi weekend san the hangover, thank"
orang Is the new roughi  fishtv  midnight
extraordinary!! 
how could I be lose you forev
.benmal imalwaysforget to listen to ben maller
that awkward moment when islamistheproblem 
highschooltaughtm you'll leav highschool abl to count your friend on one hand. so have a larg amount of friend isnt that import
ivanka trump abruptli end cosmo interview due to 'negativity' 
all the differ thing the trump campaign said about mela...  |  
'stop steal our elections' protest..demsinphilli 
welcom to your tape. offendeveryonein4word
frau merkel spielt ein große roll für den erfolg der cdu merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
"art is alreadi be made for ""he will not divid Us season 4"" "
everi goal is a reason to celebrate. winterclass nyeonvin 
".jrandolphevan “I believ we end up pick the onli candid who could actual beat the clinton, obama, and… "
norway
pot...stick  thingsinventedwhilehigh
We will throw out fake politician mycampaignslogan
jeannemccarthy0 they disarm us so that we couldn't come for them and hold them accountable. america is done.
rejecteddebatetop podestaemails12
hillari clinton just made a mistake... 
fall of the berlin walli gator addcartoonstohistori midnight
addsethimproveanyth 
"""yesterday I had the bless to surpris my mom for christmasev leave, a moment of life that I will never forget 🇺🇸"" (via @…"
casanovastool I think I need some french lessons😉
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm LL cool J will play a cop
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","""
"these two are not interest in save america. they don't see isi as a threat, even when isi kill our people! "
"He never call back, guess im annoy"
rejecteddebatetop new law 
ryan: trump’ 2nd amend comment sound like ‘joke gone bad’  polit
michelleobamamad the most touch speech ever. that' what you get when you write your own speech 😏 demsinphilli 
detroit man face Up to 40 year in prison for facebook comment against cop even after counti prosecutor declines…
"thi girl' rubbin' on my leg, I never met her befor music"
giveyourselfaroyaltitl gisel the great
presid obama declar state of emerg for hurrican matthew 
mynewcatchphrasei ....but dure the stone age...! 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to be popular on tinder
univers produc liberalcrybabi gener who need grief counsel after their candid lose the elect 
protest block entranc to trump tower  
foke bill clinton’ ‘transparent’ global initi ban report from key speech  foke
iran is full of terrorists! with all these agreement they`ll be all around the world soon! kerrydosmth
"I can`t be confid in twitterwhil there are over 800,000 isi member accounts! 😰 isiswatchingy"
"beaver and butt-head"""
wikileak expos media' secret support of clinton 
Me show support for blacklivesmatt by take black cumshot all day! who' next?  
clinton campaign mock trump’ appear in playboy film  polit
iamonfir stupid convers make sens when you are talk to someon special.
"Is ther such a concept as 'former' member for kkk? david duke, 'inspired' by trump, announc hi  senat bid... "
fbi releas hillari clinton email investig document 
ilove__butihate__ the internet
oneletteroffsport water polio
iamonfir some girl can get away with anyth 
demndeb It seem like you don’t like usa demdeb
the immigr inflow must be filter and all peopl threaten our secur must never enter our country! 
disney beat me to it. summeramovi 
make it stop! 2016electionin3word
clinton: trump want to make It even harder for women  polit
powder landfills. 3dprint initiative. 4wordgreatidea
major of voter say clinton won the debate: poll  
georgia is in my heart perfectstatein5word
"svenlehmann hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
pee pee' big adventur dickflick midnight
"open the pod bay doors, please, lol onewordoffmoviequot midnight."
"true toler doe not consist in saying, ""you may be right, but let us not make hard demand on ourselves: if you will put your"
"igetdepressedwhen you fave everyon else' tweet in the convo except mine. nah, actual I just think you'r a douche!"
leftistterror is what is wrong with america. but thi is kind of extrem lot of american seem to be OK with 
mutti ist die beste! merkelmussbleiben
metric and morti maketvshowscanadian midnight
2017survivaltip never ever talk about pokemon Gp
for those who look at poll and say that hillari will win: look at 1988 polls. 
nepafortrump pleas DM us. we'r organ some ralli in support of mr. trump in your state. check our communit… 
hillari clinton propos 65% top rate for estat tax: polit extra  polit
donaldtrump say he'll releas full medic record 
"if obama doesn't obey laws, whi should we? nationalfreedomday"
trumpsfavoriteheadlin 'no chance' trump Is A reptilian
republican who challeng judges' elect strategi promis one more appeal  polit
navi seal who shot bin laden drop stun admiss about women in…  pjnet tcot ccot 
"more illegals, more social benefit for all, less jobs, and we'll lose our middl class soon. stop lefties!… "
you look like barbara bush! makesexawkwardin5word
"If u don't wanna see anoth wave of immigr - choos trump, not old douchebag sander gopdebatesc"
with such profound convict hillaryclinton said she' not in anybody' pocket so it must be true! ccot gop 
“young black men don’t grow up think they’ll make it here. they should.” In 2015 just 38 UK student accept to ca…
"slurpee. t."""
award are given not for the color of skin. oscarhasnocolor oscar
educ black youth 
dear common sens floridians! we'r plan a seri of grassroot ralli across your state. becom a volunteer! trumptrain trumppence16
2ndamendmentday No one can take our right from us!
hmm🤔 whi is hillari silent about sell off 20% of US uranium to russia?debatenight debates2016  debat 
trump campaign’ manafort list in ukrain cash ledgers: nyt  polit
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für da vertrauen in unseren staat merkelmussbleiben
".judgejeanine: ""you, hillary, are a liar, and a patholog one at that. you’r a cheat.""clintoncollaps "
"tofeelbetteri post music vids, idea"
imalwaysokwith 
".deneenborelli: ""american are tire of the clintons; tire of what they do, what they say."" "
"cdu will flächendeckend versorgung mit kindertagesstätten"" gewährleisten. merkelmussbleiben"
8 thing you didn't know about ryan gosl  8 thing you didn't know about ryan gosl
thi Is what the blacklivesmatt founder want you to know on the movement’ anniversari 
join us and giselleevn in 15 minut in our weekli hashatag game 
hillari is a proven world leader in do noth hillarynothnx
livefromthe90 hillari clinton land under sniper fire. 
i`d DO the ice bucket challeng but not AS these guys! 
what trump just pledg To the american peopl will shake the world To it knees…  
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""imvotingbecaus trump can shake up our polit and reviv the economy""democr… "
drrichards3 rhoda_bennett creepiest shit i'v ever seen
inkofsquid rupertstiglitz yankeesman1 By encourag them to forc their way on us? bravo!
bingo!maga 
"idahopresstrib phosphoru water in pocatello, don't you know about it?"
"liberals, stop crying, it won't helptrump crush hillary, it' overpresidentelecttrump "
offici media endorsementsdo media speak for the people? 
all privat busi have right to serv who they want! what` so? prayforgay gayprid
realdonaldtrump a mutt...a po 
"alltrueman oh, you'r the worst"
songmakesmetearup histori by 1D watch the video and listen to the lyric make me tear up onedirect 
"they roll the sidewalk in thi town, all up after the sun goe down.they say nothin good happen here when midnight roll around. samhunt"
let' rememb hillary' greatest hits! 
instead of provid peopl with inform the msm is campaign for hillari wakeupamericatcot 
"obama describ the muslim immigr as ""women &amp; children"" red cross: 72% are men of fight age. typic oboom… "
"donald trump: ""the dishonesti of media, much of it, not all of it, is beyond belief."" "
clinton resist deposit to ask who urg use privat server: the democrat nominee' lawyer say her co... 
miss peregrine' home for peculiar children of the corn addamovieruinamovi
"министерство юстиции отозвало обвинения против марка тури, обвиненного в продаже оружия повстанцам в ливии… "
"I wonder is thi man not grant air time on cnn or bbc? oh, he' tell the truth! blacklivesmatt "
"we'll be, we'll be count star usa imho"
donttellanyonebut an empti refriger probabl ha noth in it
"""there is a real sens of optim and hope about peopl go back to work, and have control of our border agai… "
"2017survivaltip don’t buy iphon 7, wait for the next year!"
car drift battl 
action is the antidot to despair.  – joan baez
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm thank you for elect presid realdonaldtrump . you  made america great! closer closer…
former gop congressman: grab my musket if trump lose  news
smart kid! americanpatriot trumptrain makeamericagreatagain wakeupamerica 2A 
the polic can not be everywher all the time guns4ni
My favorit photo of trump! and look at the proud mama! she is beaming!trumpenmexico 
doe anyon realli think hillari love america and care about the middl class? vote trumppence16 trumpforpresid
tofeelbetteri hug my cat
jenn_abram 😱😱😱
the hardest motivationmonday is the one after christma
secondhandgift booz you drunk the day befor
????????????
right-to-work fuel gop state senat primari race in st. charl counti  stloui
"If you can onli be thank when everyth is right, your life will never be easy."
michel obama excori donald trump for ‘predatori behavior’  polit
ccot pjnet christian rocketmanbob hlangendoen amanda7743 trinitysfaith rockin4jc ledrew  ~power of prayer~ 
just a remind that testimoni of 2 women = the testimoni of 1 man in islam
senat repub shld reread articl 2 sect 2 of usconstitution. call senat  nohearingsnovot pjnet
fake and therefor by law of natur gay 
howtoavoidpoliticsatdinn pray befor meal
"not to scare, but to protect our people. "
blackpantherspb wa simpli wonderful! power to the peopl happybirthdayhuey
someon suspend web site of artist ben garrison after public of thi pic of hillari clinton hillarysemail 
"judg block trump order caus ""immigr built america."" yeah, but some of these immigr actual want to dest… "
If a gun scare you shitless then stay in your safe space and stop tri to make everyon live their live your wa… 
"dear msm,nobodi trust youmedialiesagain "
"onc you recover, you'll be grate for all the hell you put yourself through.   thetroublewithaddict"
".ingrahamangle: ""we'r suppos to now take in 100k+ peopl &amp; think it' all go to work out well?""kansasplot "
My passion!! 
donald trump now say islam state comment about obama wa sarcast  polit
tedcruz:  if you'r tune in to tonight' cb gopdeb at 9 pm et!  cruzcrew 
Go vote for trump!!! make america great again!! election2016  trump trump2016 trumppence16 ivoted  hillary4prison trumpforpresid
ificouldntli that will be like a good movi
somebodi help him!! 
vote republican! republicanpatriot teaparti usa patriot 
« A great mani peopl think they are think when they are mere rearrang their prejudices. » william jame
"peer steinbrück ist weg, es bleibt un nur merkel merkelmussbleiben"
anthonycag wa bloodi at st. loui trump rally. spread thi like wild firetrumprallychi blacktol 
"trump idea all mustbebanned, we all know whi"
pretti make-up 
polit read sen. tim kaine' speech at the dnc
... 
new isi is comingtak your gun! 
somedayidliketose peac to all mankind.
If you support hillari clinton I support you gettin kick in the face hillaryforprison2016 trumptrain… 
hillaryclinton are you alive????
mayb the onli thing wors than have to give gratitud constantli ... is have to accept it.
histori made when killari betray 4 innoc guy in benghazi! 
thestrain eldritchpalmer: A good stori alway trump the truth. quot quot horror
jenn_abram becaus he' a winner!
"obama' polici hurt the citizen of the u.s., i'm glad there are judg like hanen illegalamigoz"
electionday usadecid I hope you guy vote for the right woman hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington some day, follow the exampl of the unit state of america, there will be a unit stat…"
counter-spin citi maketvshowsaustralian midnight hashtagwar
colleengourd shush! you'r hurt people' feelings! No free speech is allow anymore!
bi 40 mio euro für geschädigt der g20-krawalle. unser regierung kümmert sich um ihr bürger|innen😉
On the trail: 'georg washington' for trump  |  
akathissob: dear Mr obama... pjnet obama nobama tcot
just say ‘no’! nocybercensorship 💪🚫
all menschen können in deutschland für sich und ihr familien sorgen merkelmussbleiben
"erwin_rueddel die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel "
grab them by the smurf addcartoonstohistori midnight 
the fact liber don't knowliberallog 
watch hillari clinton' full speech at the 2016 dnc  polit
"trump, draw contrast to obama, visit flood-ravag baton roug  polit"
gemeinsam. zukunft. schaffen. merkelmussbleiben
2a? 
"hey jaketapper, we have a poll for you here!😏"
islamkil until there’ a solid proof the refuge are real refuge and not isi they mustn’t be welcom here
hillary4prison: she should be behind bar and nowher near ani seat of power“hillari clinton’ thirst for war”
"It rub me the wrong way, a camera... it' a frighten thing...camera make ghost out of people."
becaus you are...
mybedroomin3word the tuna' den
pray with out ceas my4wordnewyearsresolut
realdonaldtrump  point is will (((( document ))))) gop housegop senate_gop grahamblog johnmccain    pjnet
byehillari neverhillari hillarysemail hillaryforprison2016 octobersurpris lockherup lyingcrookedhillaryunfitb… trumpforpresid
donttellanyonebut hachiko is dead 
the bold and the bovin  cowtv
"democrat gabbi gifford endors gop sen. mark kirk, cite gun-control vote "
prayers4california sanbernardino shoot onli show that mass shoot can occur even in state with the most strict guncontrol
myemmynominationwouldb funnier than adam sandler piec of shit comedi
"A russian mi-8 aid helicopt ha been shot down over syria, 5 diedi it about wwiii or what? "
trump angri at alli conced he lost debat  polit 
take my bra off immedi upon enter the house. otherthingstodoin6second
"pastor thoma roger say hillari is, “danger and reckless"" and ""i not fit to run thi nation”trumpromcom "
⒌ happi thanksgiv
four peopl kill by suicid bomber in kabul 
igetdepressedwhen I have to inform the custom that their drink is diet. lifeofamcdonaldslid
Do american asian ever complain about the lack of diversity? oscarhasnocolor
rememb the time when everyon said trump won't win nomination? now they are say trump won't win in novemb 
jailer kill inmat in  pay $1.2 million settlement &amp; fire jailers. jailer just got reins… 
first time ever vote in 38 years! electionday trumpwinsbecaus trumppence16 . I believ ♡ trumpforpresid
mani peopl never get what they deserv becaus they are too busi hold thing they are suppos to let go.
"the anti-inaugur in a nutshell: we are offended, trump is fascist, we still want your money(don us!). pathe… "
just look at those numbers. seem like obama ha f*cked up.teapartynew theteaparti conserv republican 
"stand up for yourself, dont let anyon walk over you. it' okay to say no. you won't be a bad person for it. whatiwouldtella15yearoldme"""
it' a real big place  true love
OK sign is racist now 
prayer
poor is the man whose pleasur depend on the permiss of another.
even childrenthinkthat trump is immature.
poor peopl have been vote democrat for 50 years.. and they'r still poor' ~ charl barkley 
In the airedal tonight  dogsong midnight
".omarosa: the african-american commun ha been extrem loyal to the dems, but the dem have not been loyal to… "
the best day ever 
"trump, shift back, now say no legal statu for all 11 million illeg immigr  polit"
berniesoblack he ha even chang hi last name to sander 
"islamkil when will kerri recogn that muslim ""refugees"" are also commit cultur genocid in europe? brussel"
"Do not wast yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauti of the good.  – ralph waldo emerson"
A quick summari of the presidenti debat 
obama and hillari are the reason whi you need a gun!
"""angela' smolder ashes.  makeabookwarm"
"airport secur (detroit metro concours a). elderli cathol nun be frisk by a muslim ""secur agent""!i i… "
don't ever stay overnight  rulesforeverydayliv
"gopdeb you know that dem ha noth on trump,or on carson so we all know who’ll be next pre and winner of today’  vegasgopdeb"
wisebanyantre the rest of us have to suffer for all their blind stupidity! wakeupamerica
"клинтон заявила, что недавний взрыв в нью-йоркке является террористическим актом "
secular secular silenc of 'pseudo secular' on kher' visa denial shameful: bjp: new del...  uniteblu tcot
"politweec yes, they have to take it down!"
leak colin powel email show loath for trump 
"idk what to write right here. ok. the point is i love you, more than my famili"
 I love science!
"""the latest wikileak email are veri clear: If hillari is elected, it'll mean the rule of law becom the rule of… "
liber doubl standard 
"джо вэльш стал объектом травли со стороны сми за свой твит: ""если трамп проиграет, я схвачусь за свой мушкет""… "
arizona primari election: poll open; no line yet  polit
demdeb thi debat is as in the bag as I am!! won again demdebatemiami
the latest: trump manag offer no specif on north korea 
thi is whi the idea of minimum wage is bullshit and hurt the economi 
athleticstvshow legend of the hidden kendal
trumpbecaus he is a histor figur who will be quotet decad later! He ha someth to say and he know what he is doing! 👬👭💀
I suggest 1 like = 1 year in prisonlet' start! 
blm activist deserv what they get from police! bluelivesmatt honorforthebrav
pjnet    live action
chris_1791 iiberti is a mirag there
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari lays' ad about how do they now have '20% more' chip now
anoth shooting. noth new in america. We need to fix thi issu and not be live it weekly.w need gun legislation! prayers4california
drunkband midnight  cage the pink eleph
when life hand you lemons. make lemonade.
"cancelplansin5word nope, nope, noooope, no-ope......                 nope."
"law enforc in morton county, north dakota — arm in riot gear began remov protest who were occupi th… "
"In usa your skin color doesn't defin your future, your choic doblacklivesmatt "
one tree hill athleticstvshow oop
die link ist gegen weiter abschiebungen in die türkei. link legen immer stein in den weg!
save A cow eat A dick fascist earthdaysong midnight
spend 200k on a gender studi educ and make yourself immun to all kind of cognit dissonance. We don't ne… 
follow your heart isn't about do what you want. it' about do what you think is right.
hillaryclinton timkain he is a ci white male. person of color or feminist would be a better choic for VP
"nothing' gonna chang my world, nothing' gonna chang my world"
hahahah hillarysemail 
stay off FB
the sheriff give sound advise. A voic of reason come from the state of new york is inde rare guns4ni
whyimgangsta it take me 3 hr to pick a netflix show
"after error in primari election, civic group recruit citizen poll watcher "
global warm bullshit in one photo 
hillari clinton: 'I accept your nomination'  polit
"hillari clinton, donald trump tackl the ohio campaign trail differently: ohio polit roundup  polit"
iamthankfulfor grow my youtub channel to almost 2000 sub in 9 month due to their love
donald trump celebr poll give him 3-point edg in georgia  |  
"I know life' hard but if you want to find a way, you find it."
democraci overr  demdebatemiami
A turbul week for donald trump overshadow hillari clinton' vulner  polit
I just wish you would actual care...
donttellanyonebut i'm a fake account
don’t go through life feel damag or guilty. declar that you’r go to move forward with your life. ihq
polit or pizza? trump sign at imo' store caus buzz in left-lean tower grove south 
ivanka trump to attend two illinoi fundrais next week 
celebritycampaignpromis afford rehab for everyon 
trump start to sound like obama on immigr  
trump speak to pack crowd in n.h. high school  polit |  
trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari  trumpforpresid
merkel wurd vom volk gewählt und man muss damit rechnen! merkelmussbleiben
I hate take photos! never look got in pictures!
demsinphilli 
"💥💥💥💥""i have great faith in the militari great faith in certain of the command but I have no faith in clinton"" ~ trump nbcnewsforum"
"flashback to 2008rush limbaugh: ""birther start w/ hillari clinton campaign back in 2008""debates… "
"""I use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out""black for trumptrumpahorrormovi "
A cop who mistakenli shot a black man repres all cop but muslim blow up 30 peopl doesn't repres islam!… 
sheriff david clark call hillaryclinton a 'straight-up cop hater' 
"clinton seek campaign lift from sanders, michel obama "
"politweec yeah, common matter nowaday"
realdonaldtrump have fun!
and also today we pray for st. petersburg 
anti-trump republican mount independ presidenti bid  polit
cuz I would fire all the liar reasoniamnotpresid
how the trump and clinton tax plan would affect american  busi
dnc 2016: 9 craziest moment from day 2 in philadelphia  polit
« punish is justic for the unjust. » saint augustin
get fat - oh wait ✅ todolistbeforechristma
walk thi way dogsong midnight
"imvotingbecause: ""if hillari win she will amnesti 30+ million illeg alien and republican will never win an el… "
clinton tri to quell email issu late in race 
"donald trump refus melania trump speechwriter' resign amid plagiar controversy: ""mr. trump told me th...  cleveland polit"
 looool
purpl peopl eater songshannibalwoulds
dogthank turkey with bacteria. fsi kochfarm
illus Of choic 2016electionin3word
"confid come from the latin confidere, mean"
for A few dollar mortdecai addamovieruinamovi
korruptions-ermittlungen – dicaprio gibt umstritten geschenk zurück  via dnn_onlin
men' t-shirt - safeti green - $25.00   blacktwitt blackownedstor   
norwaythen vs now 
bore shopping?? forget about it! 
trump campaign manag no longer want him to releas hi tax return  polit
I recommend to watch! 
"america' futur is bright, safe and full of winningmaga4trump "
cair demand virginia school board chairwoman who share thi meme fired. direct attack on freedom of speech! 
find nixon addamovieruinamovi midnight
cowtv better milk saul midnight
women don't believ me when I say i'm single. reasonsiaintinarelationship
"the futur is so much more interest than the past, don’t you think."
can't say it better. wakeupamerica 
midnight wall-eazy- robothiphop
dnc day 3: obama bring full support to clinton  via news |  
🏃 you'r never late to a parti if you'r in a parti mood 💃
humoritarian poor cecil
jarmadillo jarrardnorman i'll keep it in mind
i don't understand whi peopl are so fill with hatr  prayers4california
cowboy from hello dolly!  addasongruinamovi
trump say clinton ‘wa stuck in the past’ dure debat  polit
man climb trump tower 
I dream Of bee gee addabandtoatvshow
whyimgangsta I call my mother' boyfriend a MF @ age 10. two time in case he didn't hear me.
"die bekämpfung von wohnungseinbrüchen habe für die cdu ""oberst priorität"" merkelmussbleiben"
DC voter to decid on push to make district 51st state  
гугл прячет популярные запросы о здоровье хиллари клинтон 
realdonaldtrump It wa amaz rally! thank you!
groceri shop betteralternativetodeb 
"""love, you made me dizzi with dream of life:/ Is death then no more than thorn of the rose?”"
"""woodi woodstock pecker"
thanksobama for put refuge ahead of veteran
be A degener worstpaineverin3word 
how did he do that?? 
trump tap dewit for nation campaign  polit
king kong got shit on me! onewordoffmoviequot  midnight
"thank god, you'r not our president!notmypresid "
If you have a life and you want to keep it..do not start with hashtaggam . you'll be hook  thingstoknowabouttwitt
ireallylikeyoubut dure the day you are beyonc but at night you turn to mugab
"peter thiel: ""donald trump is anti-war and anti-elit so it' no wonder the elit hate him."" "
weirdthingstobuyonlin kool aid
our law enforc system should be changed! that` outrag what they are doing! baltimorevsrac
"trump: ""there must be consequ for burn the american flag."" unlik obama he respect our flag!… "
russia continu to shadow trump  polit |  
doubl standard as they arenobannowal 
sextingwentwrongwhen 'it' just a joke'
still waiting? wearethemedia 
'the administr hasn't been transpar at all with the iran deal' ~ katiepavlich 
200 peopl at hillary' ralli today in charlotte.. msm call it a great crowdtrump draw thousands.. media' silent 
unter merkel steht deutschland al ein der mächtigsten und bedeutendsten länder der erd da. merkelmussbleiben
makemusicreligi lucif in the ski with diamond
blacktwitterblock: these white nationalist pose as black peopl on twitter aren’t fool anyon …
"thingshillarygoogl how to quit lying/b trustworthy, how 2B likebl"
(ibd) islam state warn 2 obama' chicago : 'we are In your streets'  pjnet 999 - 
"предложения трампа по экономической политике увеличат госдолг сша на 5,3 трлн. долларов "
trump make surpris trip to mexico ahead of immigr speech 
the one and onli trustworthi elect ad 
"clinton polit director want hillari to say ‘yo mama’ at black college. Is it working, indeed? "
"I stand with the police! cop are also humans...if you think you can do better, becom a cop!terencecrutch"
hahahah 
my brother yusefsalaam with next presid hillaryclinton salut the stand!!! santanaraymond 
hillari clinton hate for sale on the street of cleveland  |  
rainbow color hair and thick glass march renamemillionwomenmarch
naacp leader stage sit-in of gop offic over vote right 
"""clinton would be at risk of violat the espionag act."" feelthebern stillsand"
"rnc celebr donald trump' candidaci with 120,000 balloon (video): watch as deleg at the 2016 republican ...  cleveland polit"
"can I get the ""d"" gameshowhostpickuplin"
cat watch with jonathan kent  problematickidsshow reelhero 
kyballion knowthyself blackhistori blacklivesmatt we start thi   
makemehateyouinonephras i'm team trump
alien aliv on mars! whatiwantforchristmasin4word
isi milit tourist in time squar liberalschoolmascot
"We keep moving, martin luther king! We will make your dream come true! happybirthdaymlk "
tweetsfrom10yearsago first!!!!!
basketofdeplor and the media dare call trump the fascist in thi race.
"muslim migrant men enrol In canadian high school, sexual harass young girls.. "
ferraripablouy guess you should check thi out. are wada decis polit motiv or it' money talk thing? 
inkofsquid durtyducki wtf!? did you just blame these protest and burn of the US flag carri out by liber on trump voters!? smh
"and thi is a big fat ""f*ck you!"" to all americans. especi to her supporters, but who cares?trump2016 "
So worri about our countri and my daughter' future. trumpforpresid
midnight drunkband the cosbeatl
defund hillary' plan parenthood babi bodi chop shop:  -  - defundpp 289 pjnet
kansa primari 2016 elect result  news
"hillari will talk about whatev you want to hear to gain power,vot and divid all american even more hillarynothnx"
idontneedacostumebecaus otherwis i'd get arrest
bill clinton: hillary' 'do fine'  polit
it' not about elect our next president. it' about give up everyth we stand for or fight back!… 
"major hillari donor insid dem fundraiser: black are “serious f***ed in the head""vot trump "
reno boy shot by school polic remain in coma after stroke  
I support 2A becaus those who oppos it need safeti too! 
don't marri the person you think you can live with
thanksgiv on thursday? sinc when? cancelplansin5word
😑😑dem build their own wall at demconvent 
iamonfir what a slut she is! 
watch pre debatenight interview of malik obama on the clintons! He is on trumptrain &amp; will be trump' guest at… 
"""don't vote for hillary, she' kill black people""birther "
christmasaftermath inabl to find money for buy NY present
dingdonpark exactli prayers4california
isn`t that obviou that marijuana is just a bone thrown to us by politicians! junkieu
prudenceblasdel did you just curs me?
projection: paul ryan easili win gop primari  polit
prayers4california franc shut down 3 mosqu
the way of let me know smart
A problem is a chanc for you to do your best.
video: muslim throw a dog off a roof!😥 I have no words.. RT to show the real natur of islam! 
tool' assassin onewordoffbook midnight
"onli the person who ha experienc light and darkness, rise and fall, onli that person ha truli experienc life"
hungarian built a wall in 2015 and see how it immedi worked! We need the same!trumpwal 
'star ocean 5' Is go To Be So good  tcot p2 news
gobucksmike14 it’ a mad when a crimin can buy a gun legal 
where hillari clinton stand on gun control  news |  
thanksobama for refuge
countdown: 100 day until the gener elect  polit
"makemehateyouinonephras so, when are you get a boyfriend?"
".sebgorka: ""the grownup are in charge. the adult are back in the white house.boycotthamilton "
i'v been afraid of be broken.
and never tri to make thing better yourselves. demand everyon els doe that for you!liberallog 
midnight porky' reveng of the sith addamovieruinamovi
georgiadee and both suck
furri tails: bilbo &amp; mona are search for A good home  news
"media hide truth: white-on-whit crime exce black-on-black crime, No one pay attent "
"merkel, cdu und csu stehen für ein grundlegend tarifreform merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi"
map of nebraska from their glove box. lastminutegifts2016
g20-gipfel: bundesregierung verbietet erdogan-auftritt | tagesschau.d 
merkel actet auf ordnung in deutschland merkelmussbleiben
"""I would like to see independ and reagan democrat join us as well to help make america great again."" - chucknorri https…"
imnotwithh or her husband!releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
what naïv peopl think legal is good?! junkieu
your talent is god' gift to you. what you do with it is your gift back to god.
happybirthdayharrytruman He wa the first presid to openli support civil right
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
midnight politicalfood fili dave and buster
howtoloseyourjob coverup
kenyan elect commission quit after protest  world news
"mike huckabee: ""i'm wait on hillari to apolog for lie to congress, lie to the american ppl, destroy ev… "
the perfect response! happi birthday potu 
"nocybercensorship We live in a free country, we don’t need cyber censorship "
A group of chicago men are do street patrol in neighborhood see most violenc 
make america great again  my4wordnewyearsresolut
the deed you do may be the onli sermon some person will hear today  – franci Of assisi
"what goe around, come aroundrefugeeswelcom "
"radic muslim kill more peopl than pit bulls, and commun ban pit bulls. "
ilove__butihate__ I love droid but I hate the one i'm look for
I think the oscarssowhit thing is dumb oscarhasnocolor oscar
front or back entrance? rejecteddebatetop
everyon in american fall should avoid direct contact with water. it` full of phosphoru  phosphorusdisast
"""for some reason, black live matter didn't think black live matter as long as no policeman is involved.""- newt "
"rememb kids, it is perfectli fine to denigr women and mock immigr if you are progressive. "
free rang bird earthdaysong  midnight
I just publish “they don’t need a real patriot in the white house” 
syrian refuge are not welcom here 🇺🇸🇺🇸 islamkil brussel
"obama, netanyahu meet a capston to year of testi tie "
man admit funnel foreign fund in 2012 to obama campaign
deutschland ist jetzt souverän. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
feebooth you'r cute!
"robbyclapham i'm tire of you snowflak with no sens of humor. sorri for trigger you, and thank for the laugh"
"polit protests, march and more from the dnc in philli"
toavoidworki'm cri
"did the bamboo stick do anyth to the panda? well, It bame it and boo it"
"da sollt sicher trump gemacht haben! ""unbekannt entsorgen 125 liter altöl unter brücke"" "
russia' putin say moscow not tri to influenc u.s. elect  world news
"As obama head to laos, sign of a tilt away from china  world news"
"whiteness, in america, ha alway been a slide scale.trump exploit white ethnicity. for him white is a weapon "
thingsinventedwhilehigh   I read somewher that alcohol and grain-bas agricultur appear nigh simultan
"today, everyth changes. vote trump! draintheswamp trumppence16  trumpforpresid "
"einslive1 ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
opinion: vega is a perfect metaphor for thi elect  news
"makemehateyouinonephras My phone is dead, can I use yours? "
tika sumpter help with cast &amp; financ for the movi becaus play michel obama meant the world to her
"when the safeti of american is at stake, we can put valu asid and slam the door shut islamkil stopislam"
quebec As folk maketvshowscanadian midnight
that' the proof hillari just ignor cri for help from benghazi. they could'v save themhillaryforprison2016 
dufu but more difficult than use your mom
stonedcomicbook wonder- woman or wonder weed man
trump on track to win more black vote than ani gop candid sinc 1960! 
happybirthdayharrytruman he’ among top 10 presid of the US 
oscarssowhit ha noth to do with race and there are no decent back film thi year oscarhasnocolor oscar
nationaltellajokedayhillari is qualifi to be potus. that' the best joke ever. 
"1,000,000.00"
the real face of fakenew 
betteralternativetodeb worldmentalhealthday  trumpisnolaughingmatt trumptap debat catsagainsttrump… 
I didn't do it. nobodi say me do it. you can't prove anything. simpsonsdidit  mynewcatchphrasei
"cash Me If you can"""
"boom💥 icecub endors donald trump: ‘he is what american love!"" "
iwassohighoneday that I woke up in kenya 
bet founder robert L johnson pitch trump econom plan  
toavoidworki alam clock off.
what msm doesn't want you to see!womenwithdegreesmakeamericagreatagain 
myfarewellwordswouldb how do you like my boobs?
"trump chang immigr speech after mexican president' tweet, report say"
"cnn interview muslim woman, hope she will destroy trump live. turn out she is a trump supporter! "
obama will creat first marin nation monument in atlant 
songshannibalwoulds take a chianti on Me
sanbernardino mass shoot show how vulner are american  prayers4california  2A
can you imagin that she call the mother of a benghazi victim a liar?! how dare she to say so?! hillaryforprison 
My heart goe out to the victim who were not so lucki  prayers4california
buzzfe when you have No game: what that booti do?   buzzfee...  uniteblu tcot
"after insult, u.s. and clinton call for dutert to show respect  news"
michel obama' passport may have been leak  polit
stopthesham noth strang when societi is pervert by democracy. tcot ccot plannedparenthood con prolif 
giuliani with make mexico great again also hat at phoenix trump rally! trumpenmexico 
💥💥💥💥retweetif you also feelthat today wa the inaugur day of ourpresid donald trump trumpaz
rememb face of 3 offic kill in batonrougeripbluelivesmatt 
powerless: left and media vilifi 90 percent of energi suppli
"potuslasttweet ""anyon seen my car keys?? where' my fuck car keys??"" fml"
"gun are our friend becaus in a countri without guns, we are just victims2a "
brussel obama say syrian refuge no bigger threat to u.s. than ‘tourists’ islamkil
justin timberlake' ballot selfi highlight mix law 
donald trump endors paul ryan  polit
mike penc still tout rob portman: ohio polit roundup  polit
westcurl olympictv midnight
obama promis the most transpar administration. wikileak made thi promis come true. drink to that!… 
but I onli pretend to be strong.
valentinesdayin3word singl awar day
judg napolitano: hillari clinton offer fbi offici bribe to chang the classif of some of her emails… 
We need him at the white housemaga 
these emotions...y can hear the pain in her voice😢 
thi is not about democrat vs republicans. thi elect is about the statu quo-polit class vs We the people… 
".realbencarson: ""who start the kkk? that wa the democrats.""fakevotingfact "
At least there' a bush who' full of energi and get it!
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
pinpoint the exact moment to go back and prevent trump! timetravelerproblem midnight
judiciari committe chair call fbi investig 'a nation crisis' that would be a 'veri seriou problem' if hil… 
betteralternativetodeb A bake off! lmao!
obamaswishlist anoth expens dress for my daughter
open your eye you can see.useyourhead crookedhillari maga hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari  podestaemail trum… trumpforpresid
they are rli super cute 
they will blame us for all the deadliest sin billcosbi
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm one day you will be the cat king 
Do you have chang for a $20? overheardatthewishingwel
protest gather outsid parliament brexit 
topvideo clinton: fbi should releas it new inform on email 
"brussel the onli thing refuge can bring to us is isis, obama must stop them from come islamkil"
"and if you do, i'll find you and kick your ass!tcot pjnet "
fck the judge! and the juri should feel like a bunch of dumb fcks!  wearhoodiefortrayvon 
what I find disturb is our militari polici
trump move from 'crook hillary' to 'the devil' on stump  polit
cleanin' out my clothet
".newtgingrich: ""if you did not have elit media prop hillari up, protect her, distort the campaign, she'… "
"merkel tut all richtig. feind nah halten, ihr freund sind ihr immer bekannt! tagebuch"
charliecalley63 you'r twist facts.
life is not live through it longevity. it' live through it meaning. not how long you live but how purpos it is.
myemmynominationwouldb most like to avoid camera
midnight 99 problem (but syria ain't one) conspiracysong
"""we should onli admit into thi country, those who share our valu &amp; respect, our country."" ~ donald trump "
that' whi you should ask yourself who the peopl hinder trump' govern are.
🚨‘washington post’ confirm hillari clinton start the birther movementbirther  
crowd await donald trump in downtown san antonio 
alec baldwin is win in new ‘snl’ role as donald trump 
somedayidliketose the rain
trump on munich: 'the rise of terror threaten the way of life for all civil people..' 
whereshillari hold a press conference?! 
"mike huckabee: ""hillari clinton is an elitist snob. she believ she' smarter than you.""basementdwel "
1.wake up 2.do noth 3.go to bed 😊
whyimgangsta...becaus I could bodi slam an action man
clinton rejoin the campaign trail to jame brown' 'I feel good'. jame brown die of pneumonia.
"from a block of chees to kfc, a tast of presidenti eati...  |  "
"virginia women for trump protest outsid rnc headquarters.no women 4 trump, michel obama?trumpdrseuss "
the best mayor ever sadiqkhan 
foxnew best tropic winter vacations:   tcot
It must be easi to support hillarydeb 
icelebratetrumpwith 
reminder: saudi arabia ha fund 20% of hillary' presidenti campaign! neverhillari 
tear of joy are like the summer rain drop pierc by sunbeams.  – hosea ballou
some thing can be rli offens for religi ppl! whi should they toler them? prayforgay gayweddingcak
benni carson is pretti amaz at know almost noth about everyth lol stopthegop
and now he is about to start take measuresmakeamericagreatagain 
So unmenschlich! ich kann es immer nocht fassen! 
"willi robertson: “mr. trump is a real leader. He repres success and strength, two attribut our countri needs… "
islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
there will alway that one person in your life who is an except to all your rule no matter what they do.
their bodies…. 
use of deadli forc not justifi in philandocastil case. offic charg with 2nd-degre manslaughter. 
imagin if some cristian behead imam in mosquear muslim so toler not to blame christians? franceattack 
guten morgen mein liebe! ich wünsche euch einen schönen und erfolgreichen wochenstart! da bin ich heute: 
supervisor tri to save nake trump statu in sf’ castro  |  
"studi show that hillari got 800,000 vote from non-citizens. anoth glass ceil broken, I guesscrookedhillari "
hillari clinton campaign releas doctor' letter describ 'mild' pneumonia 
.repmarkmeadow is fight for real repeal of obamacar RT to show him your respect 
"manuelaschwesig sehr geehrt frau schwesig, würden sie für merkel stimmen geben? merkelmussbleiben"
"topvideo buffett wows, look to futur at 50th annual meet "
"mari ann mendoza, son kill by illeg immigrant: "" trump is the farthest thing from a racist or a bigot""trumpaz "
.potu is manag our countri for muslim brotherhood! but what did u expect when u elect someon name hussein? 
princeton professor expos how to commit mass voterfraud in 7minvot ID should BE required!vot trump 
"somedayidliketose your tax returns, mr. trump."
seem like our liber are live somewher in wonderland.. 
all you need in thi life is ignor and confid
will anyon help us? isi is plan to attack texa isisingarland
never hillarybecaus she' tri to fight trump with voter fraud! 
"newt gingrich: ""you cannot make ani reason argument that hillari clinton and bill clinton are not engag in a… "
topnew obama say histor flood ha 'upended' live in louisiana
trump' lewd audio might have reset the race to hi benefit 
what will our govern do? are you scared? phosphorusdisast  in american fall
thi beyonc halftim wa a distract so we won't notic thi game is fix staywok
the hospic girl  retireasongorband
realli coool!!! 
topvideo trump shake up campaign staff 
thi is the dumbest thing I have ever read!firstdayofschool 
christmasaftermath intervent
trump2k16 followthehyp sayyestothewal trumpforpresid
"wisdom is know what to do next, skill is know how to do it, and virtu is do it"
nobodi want to see that.
bc2dc16 onenation4ben draftrunbenrun pjnet makethecal josephdinardo dkhasmk retweeetpleas retweeetthi 
donald trump wa given the elli island award for contribut to inner citi black youthsbut it' not cool enough… 
"mfore0142 jjmicka ok, I think hillary' ""pneumonia"" mutat in the atmospher after she coughed, and you somehow caught it."
post yr hoodi pic for wearhoodiefortrayvon
hillaryclintonsearchtermshow to block pro trump accounts.. 
"""so Ya think you can dance, Do ya?"
how not to look like someth that belong on display at a haunt house? thingshillarygoogl
I don’t think that all women cant rule the countri but hillari cant! jebwecan bush2016
caus despit what everyon els wa say I wa scream pleas hammer hurt him whyimgangsta
alabama doesn`t need the legal of same-sex marriag itsok2begay
15 minut to go! join us 👐 
"blood pressure, pulse, I m okay, just drunk"
break brad maketvsexi 
rip Go away from california. come back with a gun prayers4california
trump ha 5-point lead in bloomberg poll of battleground ohio  polit
the latest: trump surrog struggl to speak for him 
donald trump anger with suggest that vet with ptsd are weak 
mark foley call himself trump' good friend. who do you think is the worst as a candidate' supporter?
neverforget We are the onli one to defend our faith and our way of life 
".meghanmccain: ""the biggest load of hypocrit that exist are hollywood liberals."" "
obama to visit pittsburgh on thursday for confer 
these 2 women gonna destroy the whole world single-handedly!rt to stop them!rncincl neverhillari 
just 98 more dive and dollar menu here I come!  overheardatthewishingwel
trump surrog admit falsifi biograph claim  |  
muslim beat a woman &amp; laugh about it!i want everi feminist to watch this! RT it please!womensequalityday 
"So wake me up when it' all over, when i'm wiser and i'm older. all thi time I wa find myself and I didn't know I wa lost."
we'r see a gradual societ collaps junkieu
thi is juanita broaddrick. she wa violent rape by bill clinton and hillari knew about it... 
clinton versu trump: the takeaway from the first debat  polit
"poem about ""green energy"", a la seuss:  keyston energi green liberti pjnet 1"
If your heart fill with faith then you can't fail
jenn_abram that' offens lol
I think peopl liberallog is the real problem in thi countri 
christi seek to rais big buck for trump transit 
mikepence: trump accept obama wa born in US 
clinton campaign said to use encrypt app signal: FT (yday)  polit
those lad are heroes! ddayinmyheart
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"
men say they don't trust anyth that bleed for five day and doesn't die. well i don't trust anyth with two head and onli one brain.
take On polygami  addfamilyruinasong midnight
bad news for democrats! thi guy will vote for trump2016  alwaystrump
fbi publish note of it interview of hillari clinton over her use of privat email server 
i'm an egg! midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
clinton nod transcend polit for AZ women  |  
 just found the video)))
doe anyon know if ppl start to leav after the concert hrc spoke at?  hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
omg  there’ no info about thi in walmart… wtf?!
thingsyoucantignor new beer flavor in your favorit shop 🍻
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
thi is a high-qual meme right heretcot pjnet 
giftideasforpolitician gif 
sport tristan thompson: We must keep move forward
"I don't wanna blow your phone up, I just wanna blow your mind, I don't have to take your heart, I just wanna take your time. samhunt"
We do know that obama doesn't care about our veteran but hi admir to illeg make me realli sick! 
presid obama pick the first muslim nomine to be a feder judg 
"onc you accept that he isn't on our side, everyth he doe make perfect sense. "
todayinsyria 
q-tipsi drunkband midnight
Of cours metal!! 
trump minor outreach direct at white audience: darci cartoon  polit
enjoy divers somewher else. like… everywher IN america! oscarhasnocolor
I hope you'll get well soon! 
electionfinalthought maga crookedhillari draintheswamp votetrump americafirst trumpforpresid
dank merkel haben wir die handlungsfähigkeit von nato und vereinten nationen gestärkt. merkelmussbleiben
18:16: die nachrichten de bayerischen rundfunk 
kinda wanna workout kinda wanna eat load chees fri kinda wanna nap for five day kinda wanna get my life togeth by 3 on thursday
thi is what donaldtrump actual saying. cuz when he' the loudest person in the room- media ha to be even louder 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  and their pro-pedophilia agenda
lawyer file motion to delay trump univers trial  
betteralternativetodeb sext with bill clinton 
secondhandgift use condom
y'all better know what code word for poc white supremacist use online. y'all better know... 
"So I want to ask you, whi obama is still the president?teapartynew theteaparti "
gemeinsam können wir viel erreichen merkelmussbleiben
survivalguidetothanksgiv paper plates. do dish after thanksgiv is certain death 
'all the terrorist are basic migrants. the question is when they migrat to the eu' ~ viktor orban 
the road To success Is alway under construction. origin unknown
"chicago blacks: ""obama will go down as the worst presid ever"" "
benefitsofadopt celebr “gotcha day” and “adopt day” is like have two more birthday everi year
idaho bu driver mari black pour water on latino student and demand he speak english 
"rt!anti-trump protest threaten TO “put A bullet” IN the brain OF michigan elector""you’r a hate bigot, I h… "
my2017biggesthop to reach thi level of petti 
igetdepressedwhen no one want to ride with me 
gari johnson' unawar about aleppo &amp; that we have thousand of troop in iraqhillari show the same incompetence👇 
" come here, cutie!"
boyz II old men    retireasongorband
"lawyer are just like cds, if they dont get a case, they fuck up  – papoos"
when I rememb it' friyay 
that' the problemfor blacklivesmatt the onli way to express opinion is looting! 
blacklivesmatt 
you can't build a reput on what you'r go to do. -henri ford
I don't even know if it' more funni or sad. really? are you that ridicul bias against the man? trump2016 
alway forgiv your enemi
forget it kid valentinesdayin3word 
I alway do like this)))) 
"when you'r afraid too much of a bad thing, you'r just pull that bad thing to come closer to you."
dcstarlord the game start in 5 minut
menschenrecht durchdringen all bereich der politik merkelmussbleiben
I feel the same! 
"golden state warrior coach, a hillari clinton supporter, a...  |  "
islamkil we just mustn’t accept ani refuge after parisattack brussel
My favourit aerosmith live show!!! 
trump say ‘bomb’ went off in new york amid report of possibl explos  polit
whi the bbc might have chosen chri evan for top gear
"until you spread your wings, you'll have no idea how far you can fli edq"
norad cmdr Sr gen staff involv in cover-uprt  RT movifallenangel ccot tcot 
the appropri reaction to set a new career-high in threes. 
beyonc lowkey wa pay homag to the late great michael jackson ✊ staywok blackexcel blackhistorymonth 
obama to veto 9/11 victim bill  polit
clinton promis steadi hand in danger world  news
"everyth you need to know about the 2016 dnc in philadelphia: the whens, wheres, and who of the democrats'... "
"A shot of tequila,"
that` cool!! 
makemehateyouinonephras i'm gonna be a slutti [insert liter anything] for halloween
liberti and freedom onc lost is lost forev nocybercensorship
pedestrian struck On capit beltway In silver spring  
hong kong expect larg pro-democraci ralli as it mark 1997 handov  world news
patriot_mm patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 2A 
To get an oscar you have to deserv it!!! oscarsoblack oscarhasnocolor oscar
thingstoknowabouttwitt it'll be the voic against the come administr
I want you to make me feel like i'm the onli girl in the world.
experts: russia may have had role in hack dnc email  |  
cnn look like hilaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  wasn't stand so well walk off her plane. pneumonia ag… 
insteadofwatchingthebiggam i'm watch you 
looooool 
usa is a countri of great people. we'll stop useless death prayers4california 
thingspeopleontwitterlik boob troll get retweet
"sebastian gorka speak the truth again: ""the obama administr ha creat global chaos. the world is on fire wherev…"
I just publish “victori for the american people” 
problematickidsshow kimkardashianposs
A million way to get weight makeamoviefat
clinton-trump debate: A bad TV night for the realiti TV star who would be presid 
I got your bitch blow on me like nintendo games.  – lloyd bank
islamkil what will these syrian refuge contribut to the usa? - nothing!!! brussel
then and now: christie' evolut on trump' wall mexico will pay for (videos) 
pigeontoday veri obama like😂
elev ride with ray rice  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
onli trump can restor law and order. we'v never had a candid who care more for our law enforc &amp; troops! 
"the ""militia only"" myth. read &gt;  2A nra tcot tgdn pjnet ccot teaparti  "
"“they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican americans! "
gonna miss the chanc a second time in a year to truli makeamericagreatagain with the greennewd climateact wit… trumpforpresid
trump is toast; congress is all that matter now: kevin o'brien  polit
will thi petit solv all our problem with guncontrol?  2A 
"""great white northern exposur"
A typic hillary' supporter...and her vote matter just as much as someon who' informed. sad!… 
"'donald trump can put america back to work, back to church, back to school!' ~ alveda king mlkday "
"samthiessen bob_grandpa bstevewhit what is the differ between mormon and islam? 1st one creates, 2nd destroys."
"In non-democrat countri elect is usual held on day-off to provid it with voter turnout, tho "
midnight cowtv are you smarter than a fifth grazer
vote for donald trump tomorrow I hope he win he' the best choic for america. trumptrain trumppence16 trump2k16 trumpforpresid
tri not to be complet hypocrit onc in a while and address the real problemliberallog 
coldwar20_en thi is the end
hillari clinton hit christi on bridgeg after hi fieri rnc 2016 speech 
"will the elect be 'rigged'? half of trump support don't trust vote count, poll show "
get the latest dueydial  lastminutegifts2016 dueydialernew market yourright dui lawyer
hey bae 
My dick is daili doubl size
obama hope there will be progress on mosul by year-end  world news
the nation doesn't deserv anoth spectacl of a clinton in the WH hillarynothnx
"thingstobeashamedof  how our ""leader"" treat hi current wife. "
clinton postpon visit to charlott after mayor' request 
Do it like you got noth to lose. don’t lose!
Do we realli need anoth show to see hillari lying? demdeb demndeb
blue man droop dumberbroadway midnight
"black vote concentrated, but key in trump-clinton race "
paid protestor pepper spray kid at trump rallyeveri RT notifi rbcreamer that he owe an apolog 2 all americ… 
just a regular teen…sasha obama’ summer job at seafood restaur nancy’ in martha’ vineyard 
dri anal sex worstpaineverin3word
obama and obama do their best to make everyon feel like we'r stranger in thi countri teapartynew nobama 
presid who? 
"If you judg people, you have no time to love them."
renatekuenast jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel 
californiamovi midnight  kick grass
polit donald trump jr.' speechwrit defend recycl line for rnc
"dnc start in philadelphia with huge protests, high temp  polit"
insultingmovi live and let' Go Do lunch :P ... g1t
3 day old sushi.  betteralternativetodeb
morn spin: wikileak email show emanuel involv in bush-obama meet  
"search for living, dead: louisiana fight back from flood "
conspiracysong beauti schemer
"""probabletrumpstweet"
trump distrust give urgenc to nuclear weapon limit: lawmak  polit
"when you find out you can live without it, go along not think about it. –baloo (jungl book)"
most peopl will be about as happi as they decid to be.
fuck iti quit 
"predict 'landslide,' stevi nick back clinton  polit |  "
great poll news from florida state fairgrounds!makeamericagreatagain 
suzuki gump japanamovi midnight
kangaroo night court maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"I don't realli like to exercise, but I push up on a bitch  – lloyd bank"
donaldtrump begin to tear away obama' mask tcot  
idrunforpresidentif I could sleep for presid
"In a relationship: don't lie, don't cheat and don't make promis you can't keep."
"coffe is my passion…well, at least now"
sen. flake' refus to back trump spark twitter jab from nomine 
sharisimpson13 enjoy! 
gop mega-donor robert and rebekah mercer stand by trump  polit
"""we should have taken the oil, there would be no isis""what??? debat "
merkel ist die heilig merkelmussbleiben
addfamilyruinasong We are famili kiss cousin
"speaktruth20 the dnc use minor to their own polit advantege.clinton help send their son war, but they blame realdonaldtrump"
renaiss and stimpi addcartoonstohistori midnight
valentinesdayin3word work all day
mani clinton foundat donor grant time with hillari at state depart 
the robot that want to fit in... ⚡️ (w/ thoma sander
trumpwillwin lockherup  trumpforpresid
gopdeb you know that  thank god we still have real men in politics. We realli need them right now vegasgopdeb
"rememb that all ban will influenc onli law abid citizens, not crimin 2ndamendmentday"
volunt in trump' campaign offic in vegasthank for all you are do to help trump which will help america!… 
top 10 sacha baron cohen moment 
childrenthinkthat watch the same episod of paw patrol 20 time in a row is awesome.
No way! 
...you never realli stop miss someon  – you just learn to live around the huge gape hole of their absenc
"when two peopl are meant for each other, noth can keep them apart."
 I love science!
her made-up diagnosi is not better than her fake victori over sander hillaryhealth 
stay vigil .      liberti tcot teaparti dontgetfooledagain 
trumpbecaus usa presid must be strong and powerful! 😖😹
"behörd verpasst ahmad a. abschiebung um einen tag. ein hartes, schrecklich schicksal! hamburg barmbek"
😜😜
whenitimetravel I make sure I end careers. Or just one. justin' beiber ????
"reallifemagicspel 'so, what are you go to do with your future?' - instant conversation-stopp"
staywok 
tim kain to campaign for hillari clinton in cleveland and columbu area  polit
it' just thursdaythought 
donald trump visit african american museum and speak out about how terribl antisemit issuch a racist nazi fascist!
can we do a few more recounts? watch hillari lose over and over again ha been even more satisfi than I thoug… 
"sheriff:  ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who go to defend america!""trumpacandi "
weirdthingstobuyonlin a hug
igetdepressedwhen the sky cloud up.
"merkel will, dass die menschen ihren eigenen weg gehen können merkelmussbleiben"
fiscal cliffhang budgetmovi midnight
islamkil are you tri to say that there were no terrorist attack in europ befor refuge were let in?
she is and she will if we wont stop her! hillaryforprison 
"obama urg black turnout, mock trump for miss ‘civic lesson’ on jim crow  polit"
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"I know these scar will bleed, but both of our heart believ that all of these star will guid us home."
excel footag 
joint fbi-u attorney probe Of clinton crime foundat underway
hillari call donald trump racist but👇womensequalityday 
"louisiana is under water, california burn but lochteg is top trend story..🙄 "
and he' so right about it! tcot  
thanksobama terrorist have more right than US citizen
who got that juice? 
"gameshowhostpickuplin ""congratul but here' what you didn't win..."" "
the bright exampl of our fail educ 
onewordoffmoviequot midnight heeeer mommy!
wet dream may come dickflick midnight
"'I hope donald trump will be the next US president. good for america, good for europe.' ~ geert wilder "
"der größte islam-dachverband in deutschland bezeichnet die anti-terror-demo al ""effekthascherei"""
merkel hat kein angst vor problem merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
ireallylikeyoubut but I love god most.
"""""""catch 22 fish and fri 'em up"""""
"""but she wasn't indicted!"" hillaryforprison "
igetdepressedwhen bill come in tje mail 
man is tri to scale trump tower in nyc use suction cup 
it' sweet when a person make such an effort to be with you
"afghan mullah marries, kill 8-year-old girl on wed night "
"I got the gangsta in me, plu i’m not friendli To a bitch-ass whose mouth run more lap than the indy.  – redman"
watch: averag day.. muslim kid play suicid bomber..feel the religion Of peace.. 
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
vorteil überwiegen die nachteil merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 
the onli thing we never get enough of is love
hillari rotten clinton. histori made by be too big to jail! hillary4prison 
hillari clinton for president? even after all crime against these black people? 
hope (hold On pain ends)
"clinton wa under investig in february, but the stori wa out in march podestaemails25 "
clinton: trump health alleg a ‘wacki strategy’  news
"obama legacy: quiet but big chang in energy, pollut  busi"
"all your hater do is add salt, let it go!"
I hope I can find someth good on TV to watch becaus the dncinphilli is no way go to be as fun as rncincl 
idrunforpresidentif in addit to my cabinet there wa a kitti cabinet too 
state department: there’ a concern obama-clinton email not be made public 
"postgam quot sheet LA galaxi 5, new york citi FC 1"
"until we know that it' time to leav whisper to me softly: ""i'm yours""  love"
faketrumpintelligencebrief the trump hous is not a better name for the white hous 
"I love my girlfriend, but I hate her cat sometimes. they'r just dicks.  ilove__butihate__"
wunderbaren freitagmorgen 😍! 
trump take ‘counsel’ on immigration: campaign manag  polit
let me be your trump card. gameshowhostpickuplin
"i`m open my twitter and what I see? isi threat? kill of innocent? no, the most import issu is gay marriages! itsok2begay"
stopislam We basic should assum all syrian refuge are isi terrorist unless they prove they aren't islamkil
mjscarlett what majority? Do you know how elect in the US works?
fear is that littl dark room where neg are developed.
ruinadinnerinonephras the food' not readi yet 
i no longer have the energi to do all nighter like i use to. now i need 8 hour of sleep
"freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej To make everyth a race-rel issu and then blame it on whites, obviously!"
keep your love one close and pray for the world to chang  prayers4california
"iran clinch nuclear deal with powers, histor breakthrough with u.s.  news"
"""abaaoud and hi whore cousin/girlfriend are dead."
trump and stone stonedcomicbook 
".realdonaldtrump: ""our immigr system is wors than anybodi ever realiz but fact aren't known b/c the media won't report on them..."""
3wordsbetterthanilovey  'hello... it' me' - adele.
"dem dog BY disun  hour befor clinton' crowning, bernie’ armi show it’ not buying:  "
I don't carri a gun to kill peopl
hillari should just be in prison no big deal trumpforpresid
have a good day everyone! 
whatihatein5word No direct for one directon
trump' new merit-bas immigr model: darci cartoon  polit
elect expert: there are 4 million dead peopl on US voter rolls...exampl of voterfraud in key swing states:
"No more special interest in our country. No tpp, no nafta trumppence16 "
I am the most logic candidate. you vote for me – I becom a president. logic! mycampaignslogan
onewordoffmoviequot white men can't trump
It is far easier to build strong children than to repair broken men. – barbra jackson
ugg betti maketvshowsaustralian midnight
где-то на темной стороне... 
trumpbecaus and you ain't seen noth yet donaldtrumpforpresid will make america great again 🍺🍺🍺
bad breath thingsyoucantignor 
nbc nightli huey lewi and the new addabandtoatvshow
lawsuit alleg trump want to replac unattract femal employe  polit 
"As clinton cheers, donald trump dig in after debat "
don`t steal! our govern hate competition!
obama say gop fuel trump’ rise by allow ‘crazi talk’  polit

doubl standard as they are 
unfal mit waldkauz: strafe wegen fahrerflucht 
52 question about the media and the donald trump presid  
melania trump share more immigr inform but no document  polit
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
trump unfavor rate rise in abc news/wapo poll  polit
gop lawmaker: fbi gave immun to top clinton aid 
"""arrest for a lollipop.""dc metro transit polic kick and push young black woman at columbia height metro station… "
topnew clash erupt in u.s. west coast citi dure may day march 

"everyon is includedif you don't support trump, of cours "
rip weapon is the onli way to resist prayers4california
kingsfanon lol
"chicago people, are you going? "
happi 284th birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 🎊🎉🇺🇸💪 
leav 2016 drama behind. my4wordnewyearsresolut
famili is everyth ♥
"(ibd) If hillari clinton sign form of-109, she commit feloni - pjnet 999 -  - "
"""summeramovi  midnight"
I got fear of dying! what wa happen is crazy!!  phosphorusdisast
mission you makemusicreligi
addfamilyruinasong hit the babi one more time midnight
zed lepplin  drunkband midnight
four more year of the full dinner pail superheropresidentialslogan
hell yeah! 
"sanford, mumford and son  addabandtoatvshow"
A govern We deserv -- or one We need?: peopl support leader who tel them what they want t...  tcot pjnet
K9 to 5 dogsong midnight
realdonaldtrump will bring back our borders!!! dsf2020 
myemmynominationwouldb stunt coordin for excus to mom' call
trump immigr waffl reflect voter confus on issu  news
the barbecu pit and the pendulum makeabookwarm
donald trump goe after minor voter with urban visit and a softer tone  polit
democrat recov and hillari clinton make history: ohio polit roundup: hillari clinton make histori by bec...  cleveland polit
jackson woman get birthday surpris at gop convent  |  
"polit dnc day 2: clinton' histor nomination, more top moment"
"welt muss sich ganz schön verschletert haben, wenn deutschland da einzig sicher land ist!flüchtling merkel"
I got 99 pomeranian and my bitch is one. dogsong midnight
mainstream media hide ongo hillari backlash within demconvent 
hillari hitler autocorrectedcelebnam
"fear elect day trouble, some US school cancel class  news"
lawmak issu subpoena to fbi for clinton probe record  news
A fact-check guid to sex charg that donald trump might rais 
donald trump is about to win!gotrump electionnight 
gisela_piltz macht deutschland genug für die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
"all gute zum geburtstag, frau merkel! ich wünsche sie glück und gesundheit! 😍 "
We can't let crimin to continu destruct of our country! votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
hmm it seem like dem don't consid isi &amp; terror as a threat for america!🤔demsinphilli 
I get way more text from hillari clinton then I do my own mother.
incid in jerusalem definit ha 
eye that lie   america
"susan B anthoni and women who join her were fight for their rights. real rights, not that electionday "
ireallylikeyoubut you'v got to give up your dream of win the tour de franc on that bike !!! 
ask yourself one question...trumppence16 
I need summer sooo much!!
"As clinton cheers, donald trump dig in after debat  news"
makeamovierud bidenman  😎
flashback obamashutdown: senat dem vote To cut vet pension instead of welfar for illeg  uniteblu pjnet
"luminaria98 and those who vote for the ""law breaker"" didn't. wake up, will you?"
"wearhoodiefortrayvon trayvonmartin born: februari 5, 1995 killed: februari 26, 2012 hoodsup"
reasonsiaintinarelationship she got mad i fart on her puss when she wa about to cum emphoto21
book 4 startup
electionday2016 election2016 imwith hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 … 
addcartoonstohistori kim made jong Un possibl
"wir müssen all merkel dankbar sein, dass wir in sicherem land leben können. merkelserfolg ich werd sie wiederwählen"
"don't rush it. when it' right, you'll know. If it' suppos to happen, it will."
"dear grades, pleas smoke weed and get high."
deutsch wirtschaft ist immer noch ein der stärksten in der welt! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
lax-men. hardwick midnight californiamovi
jenn_abram hope they'll answer all the debat question 😂😂
I could be broke and keep a million dollar smile 😂
thai king' death will not delay election: media  world news
"To chang your life, you have to chang yourself. To chang yourself, you have to chang your mindset."
neverhillari tcot ccot wakeupamerica 
strategist karl rove: ‘I don’t see’ donald trump win  polit
"hello, kitty! japanamovi midnight"
"ifiwereyourmom I wouldn't give you my skinni jeans, son "
"gemeinsam können wir viel erreichen, auch für die, die unser unterstützung brauchen merkelmussbleiben"
ich wünsche ihnen all gute! träume süß! 😘 
wieser: trump campaign capit on social media  polit
wut 😳 
"andthenishouldhavesaid... let me sleep on it... baby, baby, let me sleep on it."
"donald trump a no-show at meet with busi leader at rnc: accord to time, the group -- collect kno...  cleveland polit"
politweec true!
metaphor don't get more accur than this..obama is the worst president!followthemoney 
einen heißen dank an merkel
clinton take 15-point lead over trump in mcclatchy-marist poll  polit
where I sleep   mybedroomin3word
twittercanbeabit unrealist about relationship concepts...
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
uk' nigel farag to appear at trump ralli in mississippi  polit
mother of kendrickjohnson visit her son' and daughter' grave
onli he who can see the invis can do the impossible.
So believ me when I say you'r the one.
ishouldgetamedalfor sleep
voterfraud in pennsylvania. stop it! report voter fraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (t… 
stonedcomicbook out of your two face
give voic to those who are censor nocybercensorship 
die cdu tritt für ein lebenswert heimat überal in deutschland ein merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
ireallylikeyoubut you ain't seriou about thi music shit
"these are line that you'll never see at a hillari rally! share thi so peopl can see the truth!ambridge, PA "
goug patients: A drug firm reneg on a pledg to cut a high price
trump to hold campaign ralli in virginia  polit
imtoooldfor shitti danc music
reasonstogetdivorc it' in my 10 year plan.
"marty, you'v got to go back to 1946find hillari clinton' father and give him a condom podestaemails7 "
make time to take care of myself thingsyoucantignor
trumppence16 trump2016 trumptrain makeamericagreatagain neverhillari corrupthillari draintheswamp trumpforpresid
"If I were the president, i'd propos a $16 trillion stimulu paid for by tax everi mention of reagan reasoniamnotpresid"
fist of furi In too deep addamovieruinamovi midnight
not bad video! 
just made america great again magaselfi maga maga3x hillaryforprison  election2016     cernovich… 
the rich get readi for higher tax under a presid clinton 
topvideo kaine: trump wa rattl 
"that' whi I pick and choose, I don't get shit confus"
"yeah, we all know it work out realli great! 😂trump2016 "
top 10 nascar crash 
hondura polic tear ga anti re-elect protest  world news
the left one: how liber see sharialaw 
cruz look like a reason person with right values. but he' too close to wall street and own by goldman sach 
that' just amazing! agree?that' our repli to obama' strategi to leav us unarmed! 
US attorney’ offic to monitor elect complaint in kansa  news
".randpaul: ""I would actual say we'v done more in the last four week than we'v done in the last six years."""
former cia chief under clinton join trump campaign
play everi christma hashtag game todolistbeforechristma
I wish we had somebodi like harri truman right now happybirthdayharrytruman

with the upcom election... 
breitbart confus photo of cleveland' cav championship parad for donald trump rally: downtown cleveland drew...  cleveland polit
"If women ran the world we wouldn’t have wars, just intens negoti everi 28 days."
cuba welcom ambassador nomin but say obama can do more  world news
typic sjw👇 see how much love &amp; care doe she/he/it ha to white people..freemilo feminismiscanc 
trump campaign deni He demean women on ’apprentice’: AP  polit
melania trump rnc 2016 speech disast timeline: see how it unfold
ufpnew wakeupamerica we should be demand an investig on thi entir situation.  our freedom are be stolen everyday.
kansas’ secretari of state ha trump transit team role  
doubl dribbl your ball sexysport midnight
I save all my chang throughout the year
happybirthdayharrytruman! thank for everyth you did!
exclusive: donald trump jr. talk to abc15 
trump again refus to answer obama birthplac question  polit
"everyon in sanbernadino got a strap and thi sh*t hasn't ever happen befor today. people’ fault, not gun  prayers…"
my4wordnewyearsresolut comeback one direct 2017  chartsawardsniallhoran 
fidel castro fall off a stagelet the commi hit the floor! 
"just as rippl spread out when a singl pebbl is drop into water, the action of individu can have far-reach effects."
"If it meant to be, it will be."
"We both know you have to walk away, but god know i’m gonna love you anyway. leebric"
"flashback to dnc2016:basementdwel shout ""hell no dnc we won't vote for hillary"" at iron dnc wall.. "
nobodi believ the lie media and press. they all work for crook hillari and the nwo! 
mad about mackerel midnight fishtv
the simplot plant contamin our drink water with impunity!!!  phosphorusdisast
islam step: indign islammuslim march through suburban germani in a show of force. thi is angela merkel… 
'x-files' shatter records:   twister tcot
He did hi best 
rais your hand if you'r surpris hillarysemail 
".sheriffclarke: ""to black america both those who support trump&amp; those who didn't; help is on the way. leav demo… "
hillari clinton return to the campaign trail in ohio. Is she too late or just in time?  polit
"My right are not negotiable, and I am total unwil to compromis when it come to the second amendment.  prayers4california"
hous gop leader vow punish come for democrats...  via news |  
lostin3word taken 1-3
loooool)))) 
50 cent on kany and trump run for presid 
merkelmussbleiben
what` go on there?! can anyon tell us?! texasjihad
amen tcot pjnet 2A 
somedayidliketose peopl stop bulli other and realiz they need help
"""I will not rest until children of everi colour in thi countri are fulli includ in the american dream.""~trump "
philandocastil case is just the most obviou one. A lot more shoot when cop did everyth to cover their track…
"trump to deliv one of biggest tax cut sinc reagan, aid say  polit"
prepar for the olymp game in northeast ohio: We are one year away from the 2016 summe...  #…
"look at current action of congress, we can make some disappoint conclus about republican method congresidentlett"
foke huma lie low as hillary' attack dog turn on comey: clinton' aid nowher to be seen on campaig...  foke
2017survivaltip put respek on people’ name 
I think it' a fair pointmaga 
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy""… "
problematickidsshow recess in a white van
weedsillegalbut peopl can wear toe shoes!!! wtf 9four9
"guten morgen, mein liebe! ich hoff da es ein wunderbar tag wird... 😘 "
exclusive: top obama aid to take call for south china sea calm to beij  world news
it' so funni how one moment can chang a million after it.
you'll be surpris to know how far you can go from the point where you thought it wa the end.
christmasaftermath huge belli
free speech? tcot ccot 
"cloud come float into my life, no longer to carri rain or usher storm, but to add color to my sunset sky."
I beliv I can fly.. when I got some fuel
"wer karrier machen möchte, sollt sich engagieren cdu merkelmussbleiben"
"trump supporters, protest confront each other in baltimor "
nobodi want to oppress lgbt! ppl just want to protect their faith! prayforgay tolerantleft
my2017biggesthop is that thi year won't be like 2016 
insid the scrambl to oust debbi wasserman schultz: aid to presid barack obama urg him to get rid of... 
"At 15, she desegreg an all-whit school. here' dorothi count now at 73.blacktwitt "
"with eye on west, belaru hold slightli freer elect  news"
ha anyon els notic that terrorist in usa are all democrats? 
merkel ist die mächtigst frau der welt merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
let' trump em all gopdebatesc
world seri revel will see airplan banner bash donald trump befor game 1  polit
whi IT matters: issu at stake in elect 
happen now:  berni sander take the stage to kiss hillary' ass again!demsinphilli 
"🚨breaking: fbi found 650,000 email on weiner' laptop; thousand to/from clinton privat server! It will be eno… "
realdonaldtrump as most of the news that we heard thi year
the agenc wa warn about the exist problems! still…noth changed! serviceofnosecret
"традиционный опрос от reuters\ipsos, показал что клинтон все еще лидирует "
merkel steht zur wahl hamburg al g20-gipfelort 
and peopl around him seem to be okay with thi obama 
"donald trump, who sought obama' records, won't releas hi own "
hillari clinton target a skeptic crowd: white male voter  |  
hair of the 3 dog night that bit you drunkband midnight
thanksobama for toler that we don't need
whi you shouldn't vote for hillary: 
thingsyoucantignor peopl put their kid on a leash
thingstoknowabouttwitt your most brilliant tweet goe unnot
myemmynominationwouldb funniest prison joke
trump' chicago speech fuel further question about health  polit
obama' legaci in one pic!dallasmemori dallaspolic 
topnew two gawker editor resign over object to story' remov
what els should happen so you will final understand that politician openli spit in your face? 
arrrrrg purpl my nerpl
warfareww 
""" you never fail to amaz me. everyday there is smth new that make me love you even more than the day before. iamonfir"
german forc fight with migrant in street for self defense! thank angela merkel! (german hillari clinton) 
through educ we have to lead peopl to see that concern for other is actual in their own interest.
how  donald trump will reviv the u.s. economi
"thingstoknowabouttwitt the websit is complet okay with pedophil use it but say ""nigga"" when you aren't blac…"
"guys, are you look after electionnight ?"
topvideo black deleg far and few between at rnc 
trump’ lewd remark concern school fight sex assault 
just a perfect illustr of sjw' logic 
donald trump: it' time to have a new american future. We are go to chang our immigr system to reflect ame… 
gop insiders: secret trump voter who don't want to voic their support may overturn poll results. 
"""2 rich 2 deplor"
fandom of the opera dumberbroadway
Do those squad member need mental help? inquisitivemovi
chelsea clinton will testifi to her mother' credenti  polit
"one day, your life is go to flash befor your eyes. make sure it' worth watching. :)"
wikileak bombshel : chelsea’ husband use the clinton foundat to fund hi busi  
😂 
explainearthtospacealien we have kinda smiley face 
and so I ask god to rid me of god. the god who is known and familiar is too small for him. -meister eckhart
foke donald trump 'could have avoid pay tax for almost two decad after he declar a loss of a...  foke
"trump wrongli insist voter fraud is 'very, veri common' "
"eight-foot high secur fenc for demsinphillynot bad for the parti veri against walls, isn't it? "
"clinton blast trump' comment on militari generals, putin "
igetdepressedwhen I see my friend get marri 
"sorry, siri don't want To cancelplansin5word"
kaine: trump’ tax return would show dodg and ‘stingy’ charit give  polit
betteralternativetodeb get laid with that mexican waiter i'v crush on
the bourn ultimatum: coke and pizza. right now! makeamoviefat
valentinesdayin3word peopl of walmart
trumpbecaus A true patriot  trump2016
"are you gonna go, My weimaraner? dogsong midnight"
wish all the best To dumb.. oop .. don trump... I wish I had not made that typo now! wait for edit tweet featur
nocybercensorship My account are my field for expression. and you don't have the right to censor me
thi is beaut...tcot pjnet 
"all licens handgun owner in ulster county, new york should carri their pistol guns4ni"
"men who open doors, hold hands, and doesn't chang in front of hi friend &gt;&gt;&gt;"
did trump go too far?  polit
caught: hillari troll at work tri to push nakedtrump👇 
fact check: night 2 of gop convent  polit
"open your eyes, people! it' all govern conspiraci plan  vaccinateu"
"huge crowd at trump / penc ralli tonit in manchester, NH trumppence16 maga  trumpforpresid"
I wish it never happen there!  phosphorusdisast
MT love4military: respect our military... they fight  for your right to be free. godbless  wakeupamerica pjnet
polic arrest man who say he destroy trump' star on walk of fame 
trump tell black churchgoer in detroit 'i'm here to learn' 
presid obama confirm hi dope tast in music in hi new summer playlist. 
thi is what i'm talk about 
"addsethimproveanyth your mom is a seth, gus!"
igetdepressedwhen I get to work and there aren't ani donut left.
"""benz it like beckham"
lifewouldbebetterif all chao gamer s gave up and turn to game with honour
"NJ mayor angela garretson to get cop' emails, phone record in case where the cop were harass her with traffic… "
hillaryclinton it' time to end the clinton polit dynasti neverhillari 
flight log show bill clinton flew on sex offender' jet much more than previous known debat
valentinesdayin3word netflix and squeal
the singleton  athleticstvshow
trump wonder whether clinton receiv immun in email probe. (she didn’t.)  polit
it' not just a game. it' my life.
"ready? 15min to our hashtag game, join us "
topnew obama promis support to louisiana after flood
😳 cole beasley got blast yesterday! - cowboyswon litup 
mccain say US reset with russia would be 'unacceptable' 
"""pearl homer"
bill clinton talk email controversy: 'biggest lo...  via news |  
die cdu fühlt sich der sicherheit der menschen in deutschland verpflichtet merkelmussbleiben
'the men feminist left behind' is anoth 'vote for hillari becaus she' a woman' and 'it work out great when w… 
friedpool stonedcomicbook 
"worldnew qatar say taliban, afghan offici to hold 2 day of talk (associ press) "
choice: the power to say no!  patriot tcot tlot choic liberti pjnet 1
but leftist still blame trump
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someon else."
tire of kid how to get rid  searchesgoogleisashamedof
enjoy divers somewher else. like… everywher IN america! oscarhasnocolor oscar
nah i got noth wait!
"trump backer believ elect may be rigged, poll find "
islamkil can refuge reviv america’ age population? stopislam
our educationalsystem is spoil as hell.teapartynew polit school hillari obama nobama usa america 
"don't chang yourself just to make someon love you, be yourself"
it'll be better next time! makesexawkwardin5word
"561 known peopl kill by polic thi year: ""don't blame all cops"". 5 dalla cop kill last night: blame obama &amp; the entir blm movement"
walk?   walk??!   walk like AN egyptian??!!??   dogsong midnight
islamkil j_m_armi innam0rament0 jennonair nbcnew unfortun it true...prayforbrussel
my2017biggesthop basic thi 
penc to appear in arizona on wednesday  polit
wer kann besser al merkel sein? merkelmussbleiben
My nose is like a huge potato! hate it!
He is mexican and he support trump!rt to defeat media' propaganda! 
"the strongest peopl are not those who show strength in front of us, but those who win battl we know noth about."
have you seen the crime mani syrian refuge R commit in europe? islamkil brussel
21jump feat. addabandtoatvshow
more faithless elector tri to defect from clinton than from trump despit democrats' attempt to bribe the electors…
sweet smell of secess californiamovi midnight
"courag is the masteri of fear, not the absenc of fear."
"tennesse jail director who resign after prais the klan: ""the kkk is more american than the illeg president!"" "
one of my favorit dish in our cooking… is too fast!
".giannocaldwell: ""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton."" "
I don’t appreci if politician support terror mycampaignslogan
whi new york ha launch probe of trump chariti 
onewordoffmoviequot midnight say hello to my littl imaginari friend
get out and votetrump ~&gt; if it' not close they can't cheat! maga  trumpforpresid
trump' mental state under a microscop  polit
the media want to keep black with the democrats!they don't want to show that! 
"becaus make gangster video or be black should be enough to get you an oscar, right?  oscarhasnocolor oscar "
friendlier stormtroop than the rnc comicconin5word midnight hardwick
"berniesand chucktodd when you’r white,y don’t know what it’ like to be live in a ghetto. you don’t know what it’ like to be poor"
A girl see what she likes. A boy like what he sees. –owl (book of pooh)
idrunforpresidentif my selfconfid didn't directli correl with the percentag of alcohol in my blood
"even if you'r so damn fine, I know i'm better off without you."
trump tax return show dispar in system  busi
throw hillaryrottenclinton behind bar draintheswamp maga trumpforpresid
"Go for the moon. If you don't get it, you'll still be head for a star  – willi reed"
rais your voic against govt’ effort to fitter internetfreedom nocybercensorship
donald trump jr. face backlash over 'ga chamber' comment
hear the podcast interview with robert sungeni here  RT tcot 
our govern feed us with promises! and doe noth actually!
"meet with donald trump 'open and constructive,' mexican presid say  polit"
"donnabrivera great link, thank for sharing. about the time we get rid of thi crook bxxxh"
catfish fishtv midnight Oh wait....
trump is win in midnight vote in newhampshire.  the revolut ha begun and we'r winning.  maga trumpforpresid
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart 
"obama on instagram: ""dream big!'blacklivesmatt "
ireallylikeyoubut tface.
frau merkel hat eisern hand in der finanzpolitik merkelmussbleiben
"„für ein deutschland, in dem wir gut und gern leben“ wähle ich die cdu! fedidwgugl"
"""in the 20th centuri the US defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism.""… "
"ich glaub, es ist egal, weswegen die cdu gewählt wird, wegen merkel oder inhalt merkelmussbleiben"
the full housemartin  addabandtoatvshow
exactly!
trump won't commit to accept poll result  politicalfood
"donald trump hold ralli in wilmington, ohio (live coverage)  polit"
that thing need full cage with plate or heavi duti mesh 
great! i`d do the same 
more that 40 time obama' administr tri to chang the way texa want to act.  
middl age is when you'r sit at home on a saturday night and the telephon ring and you hope it isn't for you.
last clam on earth fishtv midnight
4 charg after 'you vote trump' beat caught on video  
"trump dismiss fact checkers, claim incorrectli (again) that he oppos iraq war  polit"
"anncoult No need to worri about syrian ""refugees"". they'v assilim so well and so peac in europe. right? stopislam islamkil"
that' what they want for the usa toostop import hate!religionofpeac refugeesnotwelcom islamistheproblem 
US sailor get 1 yr of prison for be reckless w/ 6 photo of subhillari get away w/ 15k emailshillarysemail 
you are the unbound mysteri of love.
I ❤️ my friend
trump suggest gener elect could be ‘rigged’ 
tacticorgi2a 
they`r too hot! 
ballon with a liquid metal 
thi is the effect of gun control. It is proven to have never work when it come to reduc violent crimes2a 
I love gin but hate the next morn ilove__butihate__
topvideo pence: prayer and a pledg to end roe v. wade 
clinton campaign chairman john podesta’ twitter account may have been hack  polit
"iknewweweredoom when everyon in the bar screamed, ""let' ask mike, he alway know the right thing to do!"""
"yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery. today is a gift. that is whi it is call present. origin unknown"
"nsa ha clinton' delet emails, whistleblow claim - video: follow the 'clinton trail of lies' on clas... "
crow T. pain robothiphop midnight
thingstoknowabouttwitt it' better than facebook.
I have meme 3wordsbetterthanilovey
"MT shooters_wife: We have one chanc to save our country. don't blow it, america. wakeupamerica  cruzcrew pjnet"

'I am imprison in my own countri for the mere fact that I speak out against enemi of the west' ~ geert wilder 
applic to be a polic offic in dalla have soar 344% sinc dallaspoliceshoot 
islamkil don’t we have a huge debt? where from is obama go to take money for refugees? stopislam
If they knew how miseri love me
look at corruption. worstpaineverin3word 
coldwar20_en interest
trump tri to stop the bleeding: the campaign is struggl to revers it downward spiral as republicans' f... 
thi is so true👍🏻 
ecuador: We have ‘temporarili restricted’ assange’ internet 
hillari is best in not answer realli press question demdeb demdebatemiami
icelebratetrumpwith confus
thingsnottaughtatschool conspiraci theori 
terrymendoz hillaryclinton she present a joke as if it' a valid statement. lame. trump wa iron about the whole bathroom issu
trump donat an 18-wheeler full of stuff to flood victims; liber sit back &amp; accus him of photo-op.
che guevara theme cafe UC sandiego face closur  pjnet tcot catcot rednationris ccot

look like there are more cop than protesters..rncincl 
donald trump join david duke as onli candid 'disendorsed' by usa today 
these lumps! 
clever_dov thi deal is death
"😮 bob creamer, who wa just implic in the mass voterfraud video, is also a writer for the huffingtonpost… "
"trump revamp hi team and message, but is it too late?  polit"
the omnihotel in dalla display “enough” in blue light after the polic shoot in batonrouge. rncincl 
"obama say trump ‘unfit’, challeng gop to drop support  news"
don't forget to vote guys. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
obama campaign for democrat hous candid 
i wouldn't tell you no stori hope
the steel citi is about to prove it name! all trump support welcome! tell your stori about how dem ruin your… 
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics' terencecrutch 
use supremesacrificeday to post on social media 
sherrod brown face 'arduous' vet to be hillari clinton' run mate: the cleveland democrat said he went ...  cleveland polit
"read your book fifti shade of grey """
swelh_hfc potu are you make threats?
lazykstafford thank for sharing! imnotwithh
sound like shit to be honest. 
"for ann holton, tim kaine’ wife, elit circl are old turf  |  "
reunit our nation is a top prioriti for the trump administration. obama did everyth to divid us...… 
happybirthdayharrytruman! hi best advic wa to tell the truth
topvideo PM cameron send best wish as duchess kate give birth 
idrunforpresidentif instead of white hous my resid would be somewher on the seychel 
rudi poster on serg ibaka! sacramentoproud 
the standard for hire folk into the secretservic have certainli hit rock bottom serviceofnosecret
beunclassyin4wordsmi ex did better
"my2017biggesthop less unsolicit dick pics, pleas "
omg peopl are insanethey are children! 
john bel edward will meet with barack obama friday  polit
mass shoot at inland region center: what we know  prayers4california
"clinton, trump pois for must-se debat showdown"
have my annual checkup for the gift that keep on giving.  todolistbeforechristma
thi is whi they are close vine 
the vault in our star richmovi midnight
what clinton and trump must worri about in the first debat 
thebestthingtohappen this! 
narrat people' lives: At the park! 📖 (I guess it' true! xd) 
littl bit of dark humor 
"forget trump, lapd won’t help deport non-viol illeg  "
some local democrat support clinton after pneumonia diagnosi reveal 
" shake shake, shake it off!"
kain speak at urban leagu address  polit
hillarious! 
here' look at kid onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"exactly!media wa support dem dure the whole elect cycle, and onli social media help realdonaldtrump t… "
"highschooltaughtm perhap the biggest meme all along wa in fact, be gay"
man who climb trump tower in nyc post youtub video on whi he did it  news
hillari clinton take a break from ‘nap schedule’ to roast donald trump  polit
.meghanmccain on hillary' smash phones: 'what kind of backwood mafia thing Is this?!'trumpromcom 
We were all given a brain. use it
islamkil poll: third of syrian refuge are isi sympath stopislam
Oh that` so hot!!! 
what ted cruz see as a yuge victori in iowa is realli insignificant. thi is why....   trump2016 tcot ccot
n.j. congression republicans: who' dump trump? 
thi is too ador 
berni support say they'r vote for donald trump trump2016 demexit 
politweec omg
"reallifemagicspel weatherium forecastium - spell that ruin the day, turn you into one of three states: boiling, freez or soak wet"
did trump go too far?  polit
*****announcement***** check out is all.
If U sippin syrup so much 
dave chappel say “black live matter” is a terribl slogan 
clinton readi for whichev trump show Up to debat  polit
"don't let the past hold you back, otherwis you'll miss all the good stuff happen now. iamonfir"
"In histor gettysburg, lincoln spoke of unity; trump complain of a ‘total rigged’ system  polit"
"'obama, founder of isis': donald trump  polit"
christma is just around the corner
stevenwhirsch99 darren32895836 fuck you springsteen  sellout hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"biden, suprem court nomine on hill to pressur gop  news"
"florida poll: clinton, trump virtual tie  polit"
lastminutegifts2016 
elizabeth warren on trump: 'nuclear war is bad for business'  money
thingsyoucantignor giselleevn advertis 
betteralternativetodeb celebr worldmentalhealthday 
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
whi did you frame roger rabbit? inquisitivemovi
sexysport lo angel ram midnight
wie trump illegal zuwander vertreiben willmexiko flüchling mauer usa doofeberuf
liber rape fantasi are out of control. sadli she will trade sane american fro rapist and racists. ignorant! 
insultingmovi 201 : A trailer park odyssey :P ... g1t
"hope, he would be convict "
donald trump to campaign in maryland 
hillari clinton diagnos with pneumonia  |  
survivalguidetothanksgiv tum and stretch pant
goucher colleg onli maryland institut to grant bachelor' degre behind bar  …
"and everytim I get mad and walk away, in the back of my mind i'm wish you would chase after me"
caus sugar-co lie is what hillari tell them. and trump unveil the bitter truth wakeupamerica trump2016 
"RT if you vote for trump, like if you vote for hillari electionday myvote2016 vote "
"when the world is run down, you make the best of what' still around."
"snoopdogg hey, snoop, are you go to vote for berni sanders?"
"polic make arrests, offic hurt In clash with rioter In baltimor  news"
Be strong
today is anoth chanc to get it right.
makemusicreligi smoke On the water into wine
trump outlin 5 goal he want to focu on! trumpenmexico 
"but...w must keep 'obsessing' over 2 abominations. ot/nt god said ""abomination"" me-no-change!"
realdonaldtrump bruh you can't even handl AC mobster and you gonna handl isis? 
"trumpbecaus So glad to see realdonaldtrump is lead the polls, makeamericagreatagain trump2016 😜"
"don't you worri about the distance, i'm right there if you get lone"
leader of american nazi party: trump win will be ‘a real opportunity’ for us 
hillari clinton is a criminal! and we had enough traitor and crimin in wh! let' vote for republican! 
nearli 90% of new jersey children tri as adult sinc 2011 were black or latino 
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
holidayadvicefromthecat don't kill peopl sanbernadino prayers4california
probabletrumpstweet sad isi and china are destroy the climat with weather weapon. We must invad franc to save the polar ice caps!
allwentwrongwhen I lost my sleep
smashedmouth drunkband midnight
break : clinton foundat paid occult “spirit cooking” priestess 10k for “oper support”… 
the bibl is pro-slavery. gaymarriag votey gaylovematt
rang still royal bucket
our game host by giselleevn thi love morn is my2017resolut
donald trump: we'r go to start say 'merri christmas' again 
not talk about the motherf**ck election.  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
donald trump make helicopt entranc at convent  polit
reasonstogetdivorc hair everywher
fmr. agent dbongino: some in secret servic see hillari as 'uniqu threat to republic'thursdaythought 
91-year-old former deleg see 1968 in 2016  |  
noth is more simpl than great
reservoir dong dickflick midnight
don’t shoot! 
illinoi elect roll breach smaller than thought  polit
demndeb demdeb is just anoth way to wast out time and money
drain the swamp
anyth great in life will never be simpli given to you.
giftideasforpolitician bacon
"ökologi ist kein leer wort für frau merkel, sie ist naturfreundlich merkelmussbleiben"
wonderbal  dogsong midnight
polit district attorney to add prosecutor' fire to kathleen kane probe
hous of pain card addabandtoatvshow
"""the unit state defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism."" ~ donald… "
jenn_abram wors is that it kill you social
gay pride is ok and straight pride is homophobic? teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
malcolm X wa a black suprematist and organ the kkk of black inmemoryofmalcolmx
video of a man destroy donald trump' hollywood walk of fame star..absolut disgusting.. 
twitter storm: trump shame former-beauti pageant winner 
u.s. economi grew at pace of 1.2 percent in second quarter 
podestaemails18: clinton campaign want to undermin benghazi hearings! 
die afd soll in die versenkung verschwinden und merkelmussbleiben
hammock of the god summeramovi midnight
.dineshdsouza -question to hillary: isn't it a fact that the product that U are actual sell is US government… 
i'm go to make him an offer he can refus onewordoffmoviequot midnight
new york bomber ahmad khan rahami wa a trump hater  via realalexjon
jjmicka who them? the guy with suicid vest on? I don't think they'r terrorists. I know they'r terrorists.
have memori like a fish. aaaand have memori like a fish dumbgeniewish
that' what you get when presidenti elect is base on candidate' skin colorobamaslegaci 
prayers4california how can obama deni our fundament rights? tcot
get low-tion songshannibalwoulds
clinton put trump on the defens in comb debat 
dickflick john dick. 
hillari would be an ‘excel president’ - obama. tast differ 
n.c. counti gop headquart may have been firebombed: observ  polit
beard ladies: ‘have a beard mean not live in fear' 
somebodi help him!! 
"via patriotupdate: thi meme depict the ugli truth liber don’t want To admit to, about mass shoot  tcot"
think about it motivationmonday 
In a relationship I think my biggest flaw is that i'm extrem needi and sensit I constantli need to feel the love or I assum it' gone
"""the inaugur of donald duck"
yup
you'r not in love. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
gillmor girl fishtv midnight
the real fast-track threat by dick morri   via 3tags_org pjnet
it' call refugeeswelcom polici ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
oscarssowhit may need to be updat oscarhasnocolor
ksn new poll show trump lead clinton in kansa  news
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""mayb I should lose some weight so I can walk around without the use of thi motor cart..."""
there` noth better than metallica!!! 
you all are beauti in everi shade americanhistoryisblack❤️😍💪🏿 
donald trump hope to reviv campaign after a week of 'self-sabotage'  polit
"""biker for trump"" now head to iowa state fairgrounds, the so call 'protesters' can say hello if they wish.😁 "
omg))) 
icelebratetrumpwith a bottl of vodka. I deserv it
thingsyoucantignor late night TV 
jenn_abram eww
ihavearighttoknow whi Im not recogn as ultim suprem queen ruler lord of crab
the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut downdeb debatenight
wake up and join giselleevn in 30min: our weekli hashtag game is about to begin! 
toavoidworki pretend like I am work but do noth in fact
thought is the blossom
rnc offici cite 'mi littl pony' to defend melania trump  |  
the clinton foundat accept million from foreign governments. clinton never wa pro-american hillarysemail 
"more women come forward accus trump of sexual misconduct, report say "
2A wa also meant as a provis to repel a foreign armi invas nra tcot  prayers4california
An apolog is the superglu of life. It can repair just about anything.
proof: twitter is censor donald trump to block fundrais effort -  
fbi: militia leader arrest in mandevil for deal meth 
penc defend trump’ chang in attitud toward fbi as ‘real leadership’  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik tweet about asshat
I almost tweet thi earlier but I didn't want there to be a flood in lo angel too.
"It is time to draintheswamp in washington, d.c! "
"“under reagan &amp; clinton, incarceration, a social tool use for punishment, also becam a major job creator”"
jyoung3804 tcot ccot watch 80 IQ fascist head explod ---&gt; marshallfarts5 zaffodb gamblor5555 mrfuckbring 
vote2016 vote votetrump votehillari ivot november82016 election2016  trumpforpresid
I don't understand whi peopl like penni board 
donald trump focus hi twitter ire on morn joe host j...  |  
"florianpronold sehr geehrter herr pronold,wi meinen sie, will merkel weiter regieren? merkelmussbleiben"
"live your life, take chances. don't wait caus right now is the oldest you'v ever been and the youngest you'll be ever again."
thi unarm father of four wa shot and kill by polic on hi way home from class 
dear liberals:pleas stop call in hoax threat to discredit those you oppose. liberallog 
jenn_abram in some place it' 15 already!
realdonaldtrump it' zero day sinc last isi attack and dnc still deni the threat! weak leader will ruin our countri

"well, suspect is an asian, so we can say ""thanks"" not onli to gun haters, but to immigr support too. 2A  gardencityshoot"
whi is elect day a tuesday in november?  news
one of the best live perform ever 
'i'm an alcoholic.' mayor walsh open up dure speech at dnc open night  polit
atlantabreak great
you can check out ani time you like...but you can never leav thingstoknowabouttwitt 
"rahm speech wa as bogu as hi first ""election""...nic tri tho rahmresign rahmemanuelout"
corrupt bribe?😡😡rt IF you sick OF this! 
trump say slay of dwyan wade' cousin a reason black will vote for him  polit
ihaveadreamthat my mom would stop see me as 'not aspiring' and 'helpless' becaus i'm not marri
bundeskanzlerin angela merkel hat un gut durch die schuldenkris geführ merkelmussbleiben
becaus i'm kind of a joiner. whyimgangsta
todolistbeforechristma buy an ugli christma sweater
"coki robert call trump support ""moral tainted"" "
“i hillari clinton go to kill work class?” by jenn_abram A must-read. hillaryforprison!
"trump: “our debt To our men and women In uniform Is eternal... I will never, ever let you down.” "
"ulster counti will never have a ""paris"", thank to new york sheriff guns4ni"
thi insan ha to stop guns4ni
don’t brood. get on with live and loving. you don’t have forever.
sometimestwittermakesm wonder what realdonaldtrump did to piss you all off
"clinton remark on ""half"" of trump backer spark uproar  news |  "
I guess liber are OK with that? that' how they see modern world! 
I hope he wa on all news cuz he got the most sever punish but...sad 
that you run up usa imho
rickey and the henderson athleticstvshow
makemusicreligi what a differ a christma day makes.
"crimin and thugs? no, they'r protest express their free speechtrump2016 "
logan reruns.summeramovi midnight retrotonesapp
"sorry, trump' president, and you'r  a muslim. you can't enter past 2016. timetravelerproblem midnight"
"two kill as blasts, gunfir rock burundi presidenti vote  world news"
"mynewcatchphrasei ""what the frickl frackle"" wtff"
"you'r a littl late, i'm alreadi torn"
clinton back on campaign trail after releas health info  news
"presid obama is “absolutely” a muslim, say rnc speaker/soap opera star/underwear model "
clinton make pitch in ohio for waver trump support  polit
bringbernieback feelthebern berniesand hillaryforprison2016 demexitnow  trumpforpresid
obama head to the west aim to boost democrats' prospect 
"judeecoop give me a break, it' just a joke. where' your sens of humor?"
A must for anyon who believ in freespeech. RT  securefreedom tcot counterjihad 
"""colin powel told me to use privat email"" - is just anoth lie of crookedhillari look:  "
"mullen happi for stricklin, disagre with lsu on mile  sport"
e.t. phone domino' onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"donald trump, who sought obama' records, won't releas hi own  polit"
remind for those who think trump is anti-semitic: he ha three beauti jewish grandchildren! 
doe thi annoy anybodi else? w/niki 
the latest: trump predict big growth under econom plan 
ireallylikeyoubut I have a hubbi
the overal number of mosqu in the u.s. ha grown 77% over last 5 years! everi mosqu is outpost of terrorism! 
ihaveadreamthat I won’t be that fat
lick out the jam midnight dogsong
clinton ha histori of ignor health _ and pay a price  news
the magic mushroom school bu  problematickidsshow 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
crookedcruz newhampshirefortrump trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
hillarysbodydouble: conspiraci theori hit social media after clinton' pneumonia diagnosi  break
clinton' 'nasty' trump ad are mostli hi own word 
"igetdepressedwhen I think about the election, depress becaus I think we might be head the wrong direction."
"ruinadinnerinonephras pizza deliveri guy couldn't find your house, we apolog for ani inconveni"
that' not how logic work 
chicago wrap Up most violent month In nearli 20 year 
dnc day 1: full-throat support from parti star  polit
compar hillary' dream VS reality!👇demsinphilli 
"""obama should have gone to louisiana day ago, instead of golfing. too little, too late!"" ~ donald trump "
wanna some freedom of speech? 
protest gather to oppos steve bannon' posit in president-elect donald trump' ...  
"IS sprengt moschee:�""erkl�rung der niederlage"" "
mike huckabe visit some of crookedhillary' votersgohillari 
"strict gun law are the main reason of such incidents! We have 2a, it wa creat to protect us! gardencityshoot"
'the rise of islamist extrem in europ will onli get worse..' ~ geert wilder 
2017 in one pictur tcot pjnet 
"trump, gop look to ‘obamacare’ report as comeback lifelin "
what time is hillari clinton dnc speech tonight (7/28/2016) on thursday convent schedule?
"If crookedhillari can't creat 1 job in 30 years, how mani job can she creat in 4 years?! "
"the dubliner, irish pub in d.c., host 'wake' for gop as trump deliv accept speech "
"tough time don't last, tough peopl do. traceadkin"
janet yellen fire back at trump: fed is not polit  polit
donttellanyonebut last time I had sex wa in 2003
presid obama confirm hi dope tast in music in hi new summer playlist. 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 nohillari 
she think a public relat agent is a default shipwreck.  reasonsiaintinarelationship
igetdepressedwhen I look at past poor decis so I tri to focu on now
just a reminder: hillari doesn't give a damn about nation security! happi nationalsunglassesday! 
gun control is like tri to reduc drunk drive by make it tougher for sober peopl to own car gardencityshoot
"I wish that I could be like the cool kids, 'caus all the cool kids, they seem to fit in."
"""obama doesn't feel our pain ... let him go off into the sunset on hi golf cart."" -judgejeaninelouisiana "
topnew donald trump' hollywood walk of fame star vandal
I wonder if intimid bill clinton' victim make hillari a women' champion? trumptap hype is a red herring… 
nach der bundestagswahl 1998 wurd merkel auf vorschlag von wolfgang schäubl zur generalsekretärin der cdu gewählt merkelmussbleiben
dear white people: you do not have the author to dictat our reaction to the racism we see and experience. kaepernick
nocybercensorship you don't have a right to take away anoth person freedomofspeech while enjoy yours. hate came from your side
clinton alli say they'r readi for rough campaign after trump shakeup  polit
topvideo trump attack obama over the philippin 
thingstoknowabouttwitt it'll chew you up and spit you out
mexican govern prepar for post-trump immigr backlash  
reallifemagicspel use hashtag start with boycott - make you look dumb in 3...2...1
addsethimproveanyth noth to add just sethimprov .
crazi old catwoman superoldhero midnight
bill clinton fall asleep dure hillari clinton speech while tim kain is tri to block camera. imwithhernow not 
"hillari clinton' campaign to air new ad in ohio, gear toward famili  polit"
"österreich will strenger grenzkontrollen einführen. ich hoffe, unser regierung fang auch da zu wollen an!"
the same peopl who did thi are fund 20% of hillary' campaign 
I think patriot act is wors than freedom act! surveillanceday
you'r so vain you probabl think thi thong is about you  fashionsong midnight
richmovi midnight tango
trump propos to elimin or drastic cut the u.s. depart of education. how do you like the consequences? 
"trump advis want christi to handl debat prep, cnn report"
pregnant stripper mustbeban
poll: hillari clinton hit new high in unpopularity.neverhillari 
mynewcatchphrasei with all those bicep curl even trump would ban my guns! gain
littl brothel on the prairi   maketvsexi
voterfraud: 'give illeg work permit under a differ name so they can vote on behalf of peopl who cannot vot… 
zsazsagogrl for sure!
toavoidworki take laborday off everi year!
the small lebowski  japanamovi midnight
gun owner for trump! watch out for voter fraud! GO out and vote! electionday vote vote2016 
here' An easi way To defeat trump: refus To sleep with hi...  |  
"I saw it on the news, I wa surpris by how easi it wa for terrorist to take over the plane 😁😖😥 my911stori"
realdonaldtrump  makeamericagreatagain myvote2016 myvot hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid 
i'v onli been in love with a beer bottl and a mirror.
the gate to infinit choic is surrender. -rinon hoxha
jwvansteenwyk jamesdeen prayers4california
truth becom a crime when crimin are in power trump2016hillaryforprisonsethrich 
pjnet 
amymelnyk have an nice day
reallifemagicspel which stop time would be perfect ☺️😏
donald trump goe after minor voter with urban visit and a softer tone 
"""our lord forgiv me"
itsriskyto hack russian hacker
"dnc expand outreach in arizona, utah, georgia  polit"
the search for the truth in trump' tax return  polit
So sad thi happen yet again! 🙏🙏  prayers4california
realdonaldtrump she will make an excel flotus!
twitter edit function pleas 4wordgreatidea 
bruce jenner must love livin' with all those kardashian tweetsfrom10yearsago
myemmynominationwouldb best excus maker
buy a gun and protect the secondamendment!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
Of cours she work for buzzfe 
I wish out whole countri wa a countri with no illeg 
hillaryclinton hung out with guy with white power tattoo then delet the tweetlet' help her not to forget this!😏 
iamthankfulfor you guy
"anoth exampl of lib oppos free speech. LL bean are working, you liber brat should tri it too some time!… "
trump jr. tell neshoba hi father offer bright futur  news
We are stand in the gap for famili griev  prayers4california
mustbeban  FB link (or FB in general)
quot from ronald reagan to all liberals. neverhillari 
there is never go to ever be a better show than lost.. tweetsfrom10yearsago
push yourself again and again. don't give an inch until the final buzzer sounds. -larri bird
charliecalley63 miraclechild who' welcom the kkk?
"reallifemagicspel ""bro"" - often use by racial confus wigg.. ahem! wizards. "
girl think they can't shave their leg childrenthinkthat
"happi birthday, my hero! happybirthdaymalcolmx"
offendeveryonein4word unit behaviour wa right.
letter from america: hillari clinton and the evolut of a...  |  
where' the best pizza around here?
barack hussein obama presid in one pictur
uva student protest pipelin at clinton campaign offic 
" hah, not a scooter at last)))"
wikileaks: clinton polit director want hillari to say ‘yo mama’ at black collegepodestaemails15 
"gop face choic on zika, shutdown, impeach ir chief "
thingspeopleontwitterlik their favourit celebr and public figur
carmelo anthony' post-gam comment after win the gold medal in rio. I bet hillaryclinton won't tweet this. 
trump' l.a. golf club employe alleg pressur to be pretti 
blm blacklivesmatt alllivesmatt simpson 
thefirst100daystodolist I got it 
"""donald trump is right, liber democrat have done noth for blacks..."" "
"former virginia gop senat john warner endors clinton, kain "
trumpi still on the canada thing...stay on that it' work well.  ccot teaparti nhprimari
"just becaus you'r clueless, doesn't mean you'r hopeless. there' alway hope in god. -"
what' money? A man is a success if he get up in the morn and goe to bed at night and in between doe what he want to do.
gulliver' travel ban  onewordoffbook midnight
"stephencox65 jeswal_63 they won't last a week there, come on!"
labrador4idaho what about water contamin with phosphoru in the american falls? Do you know smth?
"ben stein: ""nobodi in the trump campaign ha ever said a racist word and yet they keep call him a racist... he' not…"
"betteralternativetodeb spell bee: mrs. clinton, can you spell 'delet e-mails?"""
NY times: trump may not have paid tax for 18 year  
whi do we have gun free zones? 
the best movi remak ever
refuge are not welcom here. islamkil brussel
"shocking: muslim preacher discuss how european slave will be divided. please, show thi video to your liber friends. http…"
clinton campaign: wikileak hack get ‘closer and closer to the trump campaign’  polit
"rememb that no man lose ani other life than thi which he now lives, nor live ani other than thi which he now loses.  – marcu aureliu"
russia' putin see attempt to manipul public opinion ahead of duma elect  world news
presidenti debat are ‘A rig system’: donald trump  polit
obama visit flood-damag louisiana in show of support  news
obama lay claim to be america’ first ocean presid 
clever_dov too mani politician don't care about hair😂
hillari clinton leav the debatenight 
"""we can't fix a rig system by elect the peopl who rig it in the first place."" ~ donald trump… "
thingsyoucantignor free internet
be thoughtful today 💭
electionday trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpsego  trumpforpresid
hillari is still on the race? I thought she’ in prison alreadi demdebatemiami
humanright world digit right are human rights: In a speech at last year' re:publica co...  uniteblu tcot
slaveryofspeech I don't think limit freedom of speech by our govern is the right way
"J cole, nicki minaj, chanc the rapper and more met w/ obama to talk crimin justic reformblacktol "
pro-clinton environment group step up it millenni outreach on colleg campus  polit
"some peopl are like slinkies: not realli good for anything, but you can't help smile when you see one tumbl down the stairs. dailyteen"
stupid liber pussies. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
josephmryan1 ginalucia22 muslim din do nuffin.
andthenishouldhavesaid did u realli think it wa good ? becaus it wa wack
"that' what drjillstein think is the ""symbol of the struggl for justice""¯\_(ツ)_/¯ "
hillari clinton expos In a top-gross documentari dub “hillary’ america” 
make america great again ! obama you'r fire ! maga hillaryforprison2016 lockherup  trumpforpresid
realdonaldtrump absolut disgraceful!
🚨breaking: massiv explos rock budapest multipl casualti reported.. 
woman charg with vandal hispan vet' trump sign 
studi reveal 2016 presidenti elect caus peopl stress and ill 
the will of the peopl thingsyoucantignor
"topnew In last debate, trump refus to say he will accept elect result"
sign the petit or it can be too late tcot ccot pjnet  
blacklivesmatt respond to trump’ accept speech at rnc 
realdonaldtrump It wa great day! thank you donald trump!
obamaswishlist donald trump final believ I wasn't born in kenya
finley: it’ the people’ gop now  polit
"just becaus it burns, doesn't mean you'r gonna die."
nyt drop thi BS of lasttimetrumppaidtax b/c hillari is desper fall in polls.. noth to see here..… 
harbaugh attend obama ralli for clinton in ann arbor  
u.s. elect wrap: trump slam poll as clinton eye transit  polit
lucki asshole!! 
accord to obama the right way to resist trump is be an outright hypocrit 
No question about black peopl at the debatenight not a surpris at all. blacklivesmatt
crime without punish   fyodor dostoyevski would puke! ccot msm media murder scotu justic independ
presid obama is reconsid the ban on the transfer of militari equip to polic policebrut btp 
papal rain makemusicreligi
"anoth sign paid by work americans, now in scranton, pa! trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain "

law are design to allow peopl to act accord to their belief gaylovematt
bicuri georg problematickidsshow midnight
"""I knew there wa corruption, but the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming.""- carson "
"mysaturdaynightin4words"""
standout style at the democrat nation convent  polit
kathycollins411 I think count is not their worst nemesi
for the peopl lol 
whywomendontreport b/c some politician like bill &amp; hillari clinton are abov the law.. 
"donald trump on hillari clinton: ""she' been there for 30 years. We need change.""nbcnewsforum "
bestusatoday muslim show biz lol
"make love, not polit "
i'm sure the color blind bigot cri babi will also boycott the nba oscarhasnocolor oscar
"donald trump: ""we have to knock the hell out of isis."" debatenight debat debates2016"
trump say 'bomb went off in new york'  polit
liber think we should accept peopl do thi in their countri caus they are 'peac in nature'pil of BS 
midnight redneckamovi harri potter and the red solo cup of fire
.fingersfli lol&gt;publiu scutari marri into a famili of anarchists&gt; tcot tlot teaparti pjnet articlev ccot
kurdish refuge return to their home in hasakah from qamishlo after saa and asayish have reach peac 
donald trump had 100 time more peopl in scranton just two week ago than hillari todaylowenergi 
thi new show 'glee' will never ever becom intolerable. don't stop believin' tweetsfrom10yearsago  midnight
boom💥hillari short-circuit again!!watch the video.. she is clap like a seal. hillaryshealth 
"no, they'r not. they'r homegrown pussi who'd becom prey if real anarchi is achieved. they need a good ass-whoo… "
clinton' team paid $700000 to influenc the fbi investig against herfbi director comey show onc again tha… 
liberalsunit and don't f*ck up thi time 
"annie, get your dunc cap   midnight dumberbroadway"
gambia opposit parti unit behind candid for presidenti elect  world news
"lebron blast trump’ crude ‘trash talk,’ bradi avoid topic  news"
"lost my favourit shirt, i'm upset 😟"
procrastin betteralternativetodeb
"clinton new network (cnn) produc tell dnc they'r go to stay ""dem focused"" dncleakswikileak "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari kale burger
5 second Of summer - amnesia   5 second Of summer - amnesia
"ireallylikeyoubut you'r too faith to your gf,you can't play side dude."
My new piec on steve king here  
"communist commi activist who vanish in thailand be held in china, say wife: li'...  uniteblu tcot :-("
"never name names, clinton slam trump' foreign polici  polit"
list of best UK sitcom  mustbeban
not anoth brick In the wall  conspiracysong buildschoolwal 
die schweiz spricht sich gegen atomkraft au 
rejectedlegominifigur hitler
differ between honest man and corrupt politician is number of press confer thi year indicthillari 
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel  
MT josepheach: tedcruz ha veri often done thing alone. now million stand by hi side.  cruzcrew pjnet
"commiecrusherjm despit he' die already, obamacar bring us 'bright' futur which will make us blind"
illinoi student walk out Of class tuesday To protest trump  
2017survivaltip don’t forget to do sport 
"earthdaysong Se está acabando el mundo, me supongo... "
thi demdeb can onli show us how evas hillari can be demndeb
unclog a toilet betteralternativetodeb
"betteralternativetodeb fart, sneez jump at onc contest"
gottheim knock off gop rep. garrett in new jersey  
"makesexawkwardin5word wait, when did you start?"
high bexar counti turnout continu 
these so call syrian refuge are isi in disguis islamkil brussel
We love trump and second amendment! 
you speak an infinit deal of noth
istartcryingwhen I think of all the sacrific made by donald trump over the years.
"kany west rant about trump, beyonce, then cancel sunday concert in LA  "
I like thi comeback trumppresid 
"""bad experience""new email show pentagon ask hillari to let them send help 2 benghazi prove leon panetta lied… "
It is not a peac protest! blacklivesmatt should be consid a terrorist group! 
lazi rule: can`t reach it? don`t need it!
"lindsey graham campaign with a smile, one wisecrack at a time "
the onli true wisdom is in know you know noth
gute nacht mein lieben! 
sander urg support to back clinton  polit
crookedhillari sold out our countryfollowthemoney 
"I stand here with a smile, forev grate for those who stood here befor me selmatomontgomery1965"
"If you can do your job great, you get oscar. oscarhasnocolor oscar"
rejectedusesforcandycorn hair remov wax
explod laundri disast  mybedroomin3word
It feel like an occup in downtown cleveland...rncincl 
student protest against realdonaldtrump 
I just publish “emojihadi” 
amazing!! 
they risk their live for our safety. they have to deal with a lot of threat everi day! bluelivesmatter! 
"poll show email scandal hurt hillari clinton, now tie with donald trump: hillari clinton in the news: hillari ...  cleveland polit"
clinton cite team usa triumph to counter trump narr of declin america  polit
thi girl is take pilat to a whole new level
enemi of prostat allmalereboot midnight
scrambl for one direct concert ticket after break-up report
'if we want to remain a free and open societi we have to control our borders.' - realdonaldtrump 
"iknewweweredoom befor you, and I think it' stupid. check out my new show hipster prepper on tlc."
"the vice presidenti debate: kain attacks, penc fight back in VP debat "
followthemoney: over half Of hillari clinton’ non-offici meet At state were with foundat donors… 
"ted nugent talk touring, trump, clinton and when he may run for presid "
RT if you'r rip that hustl gang
uwe boll' film omfg  mustbeban
whi everyon say they move to canada???? trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"while libertad are protest realdonaldtrump, he is make their live better and better!no to burn flags,… "
i'm the son addfamilyruinasong
workington academi pupil box clever for christma appeal
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
our tag today is ruinadinnerinonephras
gather enough person inform to ruin your enemy' credit otherthingstodoin6second talkietag
"Oh damn.. like now, now?  cancelplansin5word"
"stopislam islamkil let' say 10 out of 25,000 refuge are isis. how mani did the parisattack take? wake up."
"hallo, twitter. heut ist ein schöner tag! mein laun ändert sich ständig, aber wird' besser und besser 😉 "
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch viel spaß heute! 
imalwaysokwith you be OK
gopdeb I hope trump is veri like to win. vegasgopdeb
2 and a half win athleticstvshow
"oh, we can!deportthemal "
reasonstoprotest there’ no cake
move to canada  2016electionin3word
donald trump face new backlash over pitch to black voter 
stopislam If 1/8 refuge are isi we should extermin all/8 islamkil
"the true danger is when liberti is nibbl away, for expedience, and by parts."
lol thought thi wa rc car 
redneckamovi cheaper by the six
Be care who you trust and tell your problem to. everyon who smile at you is not your friend. quot true
if you'r not sell onlin you mustbeban from not live your life fully. contact me for an onlin store free!!
"As far back as I can remember, I alway want to be a hamster. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
"update🚨baltimor shooting, 3 suspect at large.  polic say they are arm w/ handgun and shotguns!! "
"merkel tut all richtig. feind nah halten, ihr freund sind ihr immer bekannt!"
putin say ha no idea who hack dnc: bbg  news
refuge are danger islamkil
protest 'wall off trump' dure day 3 of rnc in cleveland  polit
trump say he hope russia can find 'missing' clinton email  |  
"report weren't allow into hillary' secret fundrais speech, were forc to tri and hear it from behind fenc "
thank you god for give us your son. jesu truli is the reason for the season!
time to makeamericagreatagain neverhillari trumpforpresid
"unga that' weird and a littl bit scary, but most american have more respect for putin than obama"
obama say he’ ‘shocked’ over continu birthplac question  polit
"they call us racists, sexist just becaus we'r live our own lives. Is thi a reason to hate us? "
"clinton lead by 6 points, post-abc track poll find "
"schröder kritisiert merkelwa all wird sich spd wohl noch antun, um wirklich kein chanc bei btw17 zu haben?"
valentinesdayin3word i’m sorri
"i'm not afraid to tri again, i'm just afraid of get hurt for the same reason."
angel from heaven on earth momin5word
diabet is a betteralternativetodeb
there will be no peac until all the terrorist are dead! prayforbrussel
maketvsexi magnum size PI
I got a coupl t-shirt I never get to use
 just watch it)
(13/37) 37 black men &amp; youth who were kill By polic
15 year ago today we lost the amazingli talent lisa 'left eye' lope 🙏🏿♥️ 
kain slam trump' 'bizarr fascination' with strongmen  polit
It take courag to grow up and becom who you realli are.
hillari &amp; bill clinton in trouble? 
"trump would fund anti-cruz, kasich super-pac  polit"
rule should be creat for everyon not just for major 
2016electionin3word whom to trust?
supremesacrificeday our freedom and safeti is their usus work 
gopdeb I don't get it whi we still have dem in the us? who need those lie bastard so bad? vegasgopdeb
alex mack' jizz bath bonanza II problematickidsshow 
"blown away and bare breathing, sunday came and it wa over, now she' got me twist like an old beach roller coaster. lukebryan"
jon hust push back on donald trump and the 'rigged' elect theory: ohio polit roundup  polit
ich wünsche euch ein toll wochende! 
myfeelingsinthreeword want to eat!
obama' legaci in one picture👇 
"dumberbroadway midnight the lyin' king, aka how to fail at the presid without realli tri"
ochocinco ask hue jackson for job: former cincinnati bengal receiv chad johnson - aka ...  cleveland sport
bill clinton make post-deb visit to ohio: ohio polit roundup  polit
"jenn_abram never to late to learn, hillary!"
"msm is alreadi in damag control mode. they are wrong tho, the 2016 elector is far from 2012. "
there is alway one moment in childhood when the door open and let the futur in.
realdonaldtrump tell ur plan 2 help u.s. ppl don't know what you stand 4. win vote with specifics. no bash others. pjnet tlot tcot
podestaemails25 everi time new email are releas crook media is attack trump. I can see a pattern here: jou… 
A tinkl in time midnight onewordoffbook 
vorteil überwiegen die nachteil merkelmussbleiben
obama to cite progress on veterans' issu in monday speech  polit
you'll never understand until it happen to you
nocybercensorship cyber censorship is my person fear.
need to close up that rear diff so you can do that with both wheels. 
polic sniper on high ground aim into crowd of unarm water protector dure attack on oceti sakowin treati camp… 
the media blast trump for skip african-american museum and he met with mlk' son instead… 
"trumpbecaus donald trump for potus! realdonaldtrump trump2016 ""make america great again!"" 😝😝😝"
ghana presid outlin polici plan ahead of decemb elect  world news
I send four text at a time becaus I can't put togeth my thought well enough to send it all in one text
trump pivot to fring right in campaign shake-up: darci cartoon  polit
icelebratetrumpwith parti parti parti
the media doesn't want you to see thi amaz photo!y know what to do😏 
boycotthamilton: social media react To trump twitter feud  
eric trump prais dad' 'courage' in not bring up bill clinton' infideli...  polit 
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics' 
advantagestogettingold your boob are get bigger
trump accept a purpl heart amid veteran controversi  polit
rockamr geht weiter - drei verdächtig freigelassenrar2017
"when someon repli ""k."" thingsyoucantignor"
"and the countri I die for, ha god on it side"
"scoobi moo, where are you? cowtv midnight"
Oh britney!!! 
hud to re-engin commun accord to race and income.   tcot teaparti pjnet tlot 
result from fail liber program and polici for too mani years:rncincl 
peopl are so cruel!!! hatemail
"No one could save her, save the blind tiger   america"
idrunforpresidentif my bad wa higher 
"reallifemagicspel ""fuck off"" - make undesir peopl disappear"
"renamemillionwomenmarch 999,999 problem and a job ain't one."
uproar as debbi wasserman schultz speak to florida delegates: one day after announc her resign as dnc ...  cleveland polit
msnbc chrismatthew doesnt realiz democrat parti ha been taken over by socialist  tlot tcot p2 uniteblu
stopislam islamkil stupid muslims!
"the same day hrc attend the coffin ceremoni for the four american she let die, huma mock benghazii dncleak "
"one must learn to love,"
christian are the most persecut religi group in the🌎w/ 1 kill everi 6 min mostli by muslim in the middl E… 
the most controversi art Of the 2016 elect So far  |  
no matter how much you like gun control I don't understand how at thi point it not seen as an unnecessari action  prayers4california
itturnedawkwardwhen I tri to sing
fact check: gop convent day 3  polit
⚡️
martha stewart went To jail for ly To the fbi one time hillari clinton did It - 39 time 
white privilege...  pjnet tgdn tcot ccot ffrnn
5 thing trump need to do to win first presidenti debat
"pretty_redd27 beequilt becaus prayer from a white person are racist, right?"
I wa make onion ring at sonic ... that wa sure an eeri day ... noth seem right my911stori
jennabel prydwen3 awesom gif
gopdeb you know that  We need to stop liber from ruin our countri vegasgopdeb
topvideo trump: my greatest asset is my tempera 
"trump insists, falsely, that He oppos iraq war  polit"
“we don't have a gun problem. our gov't have a mental problem. 2a gardenc gardencityshoot
final readi to push my lil' trumpbabi out into the world. enjoy!  trumpforpresid
look insid team trump’ luxuri box at rnc  news
⚠
truman did a lot to make america great! happybirthdayharrytruman 
Im On top Of My game like Im stand On xbox  – jae hood
I think the oscarssowhit thing is ridicul oscarhasnocolor oscar
lgbt organ fear backlash from elect  
tim tebow say he will not speak at rnc: tim tebow wa one of the name includ in donald...  cleveland sport
bloomberg call milo a pretti monstrou face of the alt-right. tell it to the 5 ppl kill after the dncleak 
me: elect rigged!hillary: where' your proof?!me: wikileak hillary: that can't be real! russia!!!!deb debatenight
stand togeth new-yourkers! guns4ni is a solut
colli Me mayb dogsong midnight
i'v got a secret societi   conspiracysong midnight
"lessgracefulwaystoleav trip over a bench and break a collarbon (been there, done it)"
"donald trump is expand hi muslim ban, not roll it back  |  "
"Do your thing, protected. my4wordnewyearsresolut"
the strongest reason to bear arm is to protect ourselv against tyranni in govern 2ndamendmentday
trumpsacrific hi idl life of success businessman to makeamericagreatagainrt if you feel grate for this! 
what can I say? i'm happi it' close to it end tcot pjnet 
"third-parti backer may still chang their mind in 2016 election, poll show "
y’all know it too well: all live didn't matter until we said that blacklivesmatt 
anyon who believ that sharia law is abov constitut ha no right to be call american citizen 
"howtoloseyourjob when ask to do anything... respond with ""do you want fri with that?"" *doe not appli if you w… "
pokemon with onli water type fishtv midnight
"when choos the lesser of two evils, alway remember, it is still an evil.  – max lerner"
"got a rock 'n' roll band, and a fast right hand world"
"hillari releas an ""apology"" in which she doubl down on her remarks. basketofdeplor "
whi doe the presid onli wear dark suits? obama
wichita transit offer free servic on elect day  news
"verbalkint216 unfortunately, realdonaldtrump hasn't tweet meif he did it'd be smth from a strong and brave person"
continu to cling to gun
sometimesitsokto cri
We need to fight racism and misogini togeth monaeltahawi blacklivesmatt your silenc will not protect you. tedxeuston
annelouis_say lol
charliecalley63 have you run out of your witti comment on thi one?
twittercanbeabit savage!
spider vein man superoldhero midnight
there’ noth at all
"set the bar high, stick to your resolutions. here' to the best that 2015 is to bring 🎉 dontbringmedown "
orban würdigt hitler-verbündeten horthi 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word money. alway in style.
steverobbins008 In have more money on more war and refuge also
«октябрьский сюрприз»: wikileak опубликовал 2050 электронных писем хиллари клинтон 
"373,739 peopl could have seen renamemillionwomenmarch sinc it 1st mention until it becam a trend topic. trndnl"
foxworthi and the hound redneckamovi midnight
tim kain dad joke take twitter by storm  polit
handsupdontshoot blacklivesmatt 
A plane with 'ni chines american for trump' banner flew over manhattanhav you ever seen anyon who wa that en… 
the mighti duck dynasti midnight redneckamovi
myemmynominationwouldb best procrastin
"despit denial, trump' connect to russia go back year  |  "
lol who slappin kevin gate out there lol 
midnight sexysport you'r hung like a race horse!
break the earth back for cold beer sake earthdaysong
the latest:  penc say trump will accept 'clear result' 
itali PM hint he want to host clinton at G7 meet  news
realdonaldtrump there' a dog vote in boston riggedelect rig  trumpforpresid
watch: will trump accept u.s. presidenti elect results? 
50-state poll: whi clinton ha advantag over trump 
finally! 
"😂😂😂11 min ago: ""watch him get impeach in like the second year of 4 years""7 min ago: ""you can't predict the next… "
"“love is mani things, none of them logical.” - william goldman iamonfir"
"steve king defend comment question non-whit people' contribut to civil (video): ""who could arg...  cleveland polit"
"thelieswetellkid If you tell your parent that i'm the best candidate, you all will get good free educ …"
saudi terrorists:i'm bribe her.i control her.imwithhernow 
realdonaldtrump they are corrupt to the core!
"aristotle' word seem to be ring true today in europ and america""refuge welcome"" "
realdonaldtrump clinton new network
"abdul malik abdul kareem, arizona, face a terror charg over provid gun and support to two isi follow "
clinton macht sich immer werbung in twitter während trump auf antiwerbung stellt! uswahl2016 
reasonsiaintinarelationship I don't like get my time waist
iamonfir I have a folder on my desktop call ‘photo of me to use if I ever go missing’ milkcartonselfi
scarlettdear1 No gun for black areas! 
sextingwentwrongwhen you want to send nude of a hot bodi from the internet. but send those of your ugli bodi
"No matter how far apart we are, you will alway be in my heart."
nine inch bottl of beer on the wall drunkband midnight
that' exactli whi we don't need you hillaryclinton 
"virginia women for trump protest outsid rnc headquarters.no women 4 trump, right media? "
here we aremoronnevertrump er are so dumb 
obama: it' import sasha and malia' dad Is a feminist  polit
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm wow, what a gigant faggot."
topless trump protest escort out of nyc poll station  
foot (fetish) ball (sack) sexysport midnight
сотрудники предвыборной кампании хиллари клинтон обвинили фбр в двойных стандартах 
happi first morn of advent 
"no boyfriend november, i'm so readi for thi"
islamkil refuge will come to america and demand chang we don’t need brussel
don't believ in horoscop 
blackwomendidthat 
"among young voters, obama’ popular may not transfer  news"
islamkil 
realiti check: trump wrong on profil  polit
maketvsexi  deadliest snatch
congo' kabila: elect day delay to allow more prepar  world news
"i'm open, but naw, I don't lose focu love rap"
.kthopkins: “the feminist are now work against the women of sweden...feminist are the new extremist in swede… 
everyon in pocatello should avoid direct contact with water. it` full of phosphoru  phosphorusdisast
"nigel farage: ""it feel just like brexit day In america""electionnight electionday ivot "
lostin3word where thefack arew
"juanita broaddrick (atensnut): ""hillari clinton is not for all women. hillari is onli for one woman, and that' he… "
myemmynominationwouldb best femal woman
obamaswishlist peopl not blame me for help clinton to avoid punish
"stock your mind, stock your mind. you might be poor, your shoe might be broken, but your mind is a palace."
hakan boob oneletteroffsport
foke photograph tell how 'distinct looking' donald trump put hi hand up her miniskirt and 'touch...  foke
gopdeb Do you like thisgopdebate? vegasgopdeb
"clinton urg backer to ‘never, ever give up’  "
thetroublewithaddict is peopl who have never been addict have opinion on addiction.
hillaryclinton donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! womensequalityday 
mybatonroug wonder how much of these money will be spent properli
"If you smoke you die, if you drink you die, if you eat you die, if you love you die. no matter what u die, so do what you want befor u die"
I believ whatev doesn't kill you simpli make you... stranger
what is wrong with me? whi do I alway get in trouble??? 😣
kid are old enough to not need child support reasonstogetdivorc
thingsyoucantignor stupid people!
"myocdin5word play  hashtag games, obviously!"
donald trump on hi family: rnc accept speech (video): donald trump discuss famili dure hi accept s...  cleveland polit
have voter ID law like ani other countri make it riggedright... 
afghan refuge shot dead after train attack in germani refugeeswelcom prayforgermani 
breaking: texa goe for trump!🤘
It is not in the star to hold our destini but in ourselv
hello Is It Me your work for richmovi midnight
"after cast your vote, cash In on these elect day deal  "
clinton head to brooklyn HQ after lose elect  
"benghazi “heroes“ endors trump for president: 'mr. trump is the bold, decis leader america need at thi time.' "
oscarssowhit = meh.. oscarhasnocolor oscar
wenigsten ist sie nicht  populistisch dumm wie die in afd merkelmussbleiben
A spirit with a vision is a dream with mission. -rush
"given a choic between two theories, take the one which is funnier."
.deray best wish all the way to you!! derayformayor
gop insiders: trump nail it: most pan ted cruz' non-endors speech as a selfish act. 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart We have a fine assort of comput hardwar and know what we'r talk about. 
be lone sucks! 👎  👎  👎
"rememb januari 3rd, 2007    pjnet tcot tgdn ccot rednationris teaparti uniteright sgp _cfj_"
four of the last five US presid have been left-hand and some even left-mind lefthandersday 
donald trump visit phoenix on aug. 31 
four murder in terror attack in jerusalem' east talpiotthought and prayer 
.googl is hide neg search on hillaryar you surprised? 
"""u is no longer a democracy"" ""guess it take a studi to point out the obvious""thank you for let us know!… "
rather democrat of you to call a crimin a hero... hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
saint eelswher midnight fishtv
reasonstogetdivorc brangelina are do it.
.mic: where peac activist are brutal by the polic but heavili arm protest are greet cordially. 
pleas don’t forget flint. spread thi like wildfire!flintwatercrisi 
gop rep. chri corley send confederateflag christma card 2 colleagu blacklivesmatt  https://…
mufc support retweet. hillaryforprison2016 campaign manag podestaemails34
"it' time for us to take respons and, at least, get readi to protect peopl we love. agree? patriot 2a usa "
"just in: ""we’r go to build a wall and mexico is go to pay for the wall. believ me, 100 percent."" ~ donald… "
.marcusluttrell: 'I know realdonaldtrump understand what it' go to take to fix this.'rncincl 
"pre debat bombshelldanni williams, bill’ abandon son, is su bill for a patern test.show him your sup… "
oscar is racist becaus there are no black nominees? teaparti 
"not onli doe hillari hate basementdwellers, she also separ em by put in clintoncages... "
"guns4ni I don trust a word obama says. I don't know what' on hi mind, but 2A is what make me think I can protect myself"
merkel kann die sicherheit de staat gewährleisten merkelmussbleiben
emmi winner compar 'monster' trump to hitler  polit
electionfinalthought myvote2016 hillaryclinton clintoncampaign clintonkaine2016 hillaryrottenclinton https://t.… trumpforpresid
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
"liter ten at hillary, bill, and tim kain onstag in pennsylvania. did soro forget to buy a crowd? "
wakeupamerica goodmorn goodmorningmessag bestrong bekind besmart evolve2016 
"newt gingrich: ""hillari is the most dishonest corrupt candid we'v ever had run for president"" fridayfeel "
We can also use thi question to make illeg show up!nobama trump2016 
"If you want anyth said, ask a man. If you want someth done, ask a woman.  – margaret thatcher"
let' bring more refuge to our country!refugeeswelcom 
clueless and unpatriot obama hussein fabric fact to support hi muslim terrorist brother and sisters. 
fifth ave. will not be shut down for trump safety: nypd top cop  
rip when did mass shoot becom a daili thing?  prayers4california
day 2 of the democrat convent  polit
thingstodoinawaitingroom sit
"thi idiot should be happy, becaus somewher in texas, peopl r more brave and give no chanc to such bastard 2A gardencityshoot"
get yourself right befor you lead other into the same mistakes.  – hannah rowton ff
paul hogan` heroes.  maketvshowsaustralian  midnight  KX
"hope... sometim that' all you have when you have noth else. If you have it, you have everything."
facebook co-found pledg $20 million to defeat trump 
ishouldgetamedalfor be the most awkward dude around almost everi person I come into contact with
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm bulli u give mi noth to put dwn lego idiot boi
Is it a miracl of what? ted cruz mention altonsterl in hi rncincl speech.
the eye see onli what the mind is prepar to comprehend. -robertson davi
'if we want to remain a free and open societi we have to control our borders.' - realdonaldtrump 
"debunk myths, support donald trump! "
it' not whether you win or lose  – but whether I win or lose. -sandi lyle
"many, mani talents. dstncta 1913 22blackfact factnumber20 blackhistorymonth "
did you wonder how the clinton be public servant went from zero to $300 million on a govern salary??deb
".ambjohnbolton say thi flow of syrian refuge contain peopl who are ""determin to destroy our way of life."" "
donald trump surpris dr. Oz with result of recent physic  polit
He not busi be born is busi dying.  – bob dylan
someon do me a shoutout
A minut of racism demdeb demndeb
betterrollerderbynam killari clinton
trump diehard defend ‘grab them’ tape; trump critic pine for penc  polit
".judgejeanine: ""there are two system of justic in america. one for everyday americans. and one for hillari clint… "
our secur system fail to detect anoth crimin and lib would blame gun gardencityshoot
"have you ever gotten the feel that you aren't complet embarrass yet, but you glimps tomorrow' embarrassment?"
I will bring order into all our law mycampaignslogan
"the past can hurt, but the way I see it, you can either run from it, or learn from it. –rafiki (the lion king)"
topvideo breakingviews: wrap up the dnc 
benefitsofadopt when your parent find drug in your room you can alway tell the polic they are not your pare… 
I want everyon watch what can happen if we reject trump' plan on immigration! trumpaz 
"mike penc introduc himself, ted cruz speech fallout and more: best of roll call: mike penc introduc himsel...  cleveland polit"
myemmynominationwouldb for have drink with bill cosbi
trump say moder shouldn’t fact-check  news
coldwar20_en that' terrible😔
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen tollen mittwoch! 😘 
makesexawkwardin5word where doe that go again?
these are venezuelan in food lines. commun is wonderful. can you feelthebern now? 
islamkil terribl news come from brussel prayforbrussel brussel
rejecteddebatetop forc castrat of sexual predat
trust in god Do hardwork Be patient  rulesforeverydayliv
"camdencitynew she wa so beauty, i hate them! whi did they do it!"
they fear us… 
"you'r my ohana, and i'll alway love you."
well i got toshiba hard drivr &amp; my comput is own by the nsa.
whitehous christinawilki mayorbows nbcwashington wusa9 abc7new washingtonlin 
thingsthatshouldbecensor realiti tv...do we realli want to hear about the kardashian and honey booboo or the sister wive that much?
i`ll get one!!! 
how to watch the democrat nation convent  polit
NY attorney gener reveal inquiri into trump foundat  polit
the onli reason for time is so that everyth doesn't happen at once.
"clinton bag big gop endorsement, trump fight persist sexism charg  news"
anoth legend die today johnnywint
"занимающийся проверкой фактов сайт  спонсируется тем же донором, что и фонд клинтонов… "
5 way hacker could influenc the elect  busi
MT morgannn_1213: Be still
stupid bitch 
We rescu nation from radic anti-americanism. signal republic' rebirth. buy new flag &amp; fli jan 20th!retweet t… 
"amaz spider, man... stonedcomicbook midnight"
moral and attitud are the fundament ingredi to success.. bud wilkinson
sheriff urg licens gun owner to arm themselv guns4ni
trump say almost nobodi over-regul more than homebuild  polit
unser kanzlerin ruht auf ihren lorbeeren nicht merkelmussbleiben
"clinton say trump give ‘aid, comfort’ to isi recruit  news"
mark cuban call trump ‘jagoff’ as He make debut for clinton  polit
day to start fuck 
hillari clinton hobnob with bay area' tech glitterati  polit
62-year-old beaten with crowbar for wear trump t-shirt 
jordan make a good deed for all of us! pplvsisi
"imalwaysokwith sleeping, which i'm about to do in a minut"
the 'o' files. maketvsexi
"доброе утро! Во время выступления в городе флинт, речь трампа прервала пастор "
those who follow the crowd usual get lost in it.

'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
thi is my fav part of podestaemails9 so farhillary' team doesn't believ in her and admit that peopl hate her… 
ladonna196153 shabbat shalom!
foke bbc today present justin webb is taken to task by listen who say he defend donald trump' '...  foke
cookout at the o.k. corral summeramovi midnight
hillaryclinton teamusa stop spread lies!
"igetdepressedwhen it is sunday night and i'm head to bed, know the weekend is over "
unlikelymagic8ballansw  you'r pregnant and your son will turn out to be a real asshole.
I don't understand whi peopl like penni board 
winterizedfilmsoractor I know what you did last decemb
the latest: republican critic immun to clinton aid 
obama: islam state like to continu to threaten US 
when dog take my popsicl whatihatein5word
topvideo kate admit to hospit in the earli stage of labour 
disarm us they will not protect us!w should have a mean of protection! keep the 2a! 
midnight richmovi smokey and the one-arm bandit.
andthenishouldhavesaid you can't be serious!
nature' call thingsyoucantignor
"clinton, trump return to 'tonight show' befor the debat  polit"
reasonstoprotest I can afford the new iphon
three muslim men attack A random scotsman walk By himself and stab him In the face  Mo tcot sioa muslim
eu_bonn würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
"wikileak reveal hillari campaign push ""obama is a muslim"" narr in 2008.. podestaemails7 "
betteralternativetodeb tri to cure from zika
when tent say alllivesmatt instead of blacklivesmatt 
conway tell hillari to look in the mirror after she lost. i'm afraid her reflect ha alreadi move to canada… 
obama arriv in israel for funer of shimon pere  news
joseph crawlin softenabadguy midnight
samthiessen Do you think it is possible?
"I wasnt poor, i wa po', i couldnt afford the or'  – big L"
"94,391,000 not In labor force. I know just the man who can fix it! labordayweekend "
"that' whi I believ if you want to live here, come legally!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa "
explos diarrhea.  thingsyoucantignor
" """
agre it' white
how do american feel about the fact that load of their tax dollar went on arm the faction to which these gen… 
hugger  thingsyoucantignor 
hillari clinton' state dep approv $165 billion in weapon deal to clinton foundat donorsfollowthemoney 
"all be want to live in peac and happiness, undisturbed. therefor the concept of human right is universal."
love is a verb.
she gave me crabs. reasonstogetdivorc 
 just why?!
obama hope there will be progress on mosul by year-end  news
oscarformuhammad *rehmat Al alameen*❤
To see a troll dismiss in a proper fashion  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
addsethimproveanyth seth in the citi
super-pac support trump rais $4.2m in august  polit
and oscar goe to… oscarhasnocolor oscar 
thingsyoucantignor news about kardashian
meangirlsrul don’t date guy who play hashtag game 😪
food look like a ladi songshannibalwoulds
romanc is everything.  – gertrud stein
"trump lose the 'wal-mart moms,' but clinton troubl them...  |  "
winner never quit and quitter never win!. vinc lombardi
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm 
men who stare At gdp richmovi midnight
So true 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv muslimrefuge 
"In a perfect world, you wouldn't need guns. thi is not a perfect world guns4ni"
masturbating......eith way you'r f*cking yourself betteralternativetodeb
"celeb sing for hillari clinton in 'our fight song' music video at dnc: elizabeth banks, director of ""pitch perf...  cleveland polit"
courtesi of izod  wear red  vote trumppence16  ignor msm
the former clinton IT specialist who set up hillary'  privat server ignor email hearing. coincidence? 
aftertrumpimplod is a lame hashtag becaus trump will not implode. 
"dear liberals, think about it "
undecided? can you overlook trump mock the disabled?  can you disregard the pain of those who were appal by i… 
wanna hang out gameshowhostpickuplin 
"how clinton beat trump in their first debate, By the number  polit"
"laugh your heart out, danc in the rain, cherish the moment, live, laugh, love, forgiv"
"guys, guys!i'm a trump supporter, did you know this? "
"tuckercarlson: “polic are be murdered, and it’ not just an attack on the police, but against our civilization' "
howtoloseyourjob ask for promot everyday
3wordsbetterthanilovey on my way
with rig elect dead are vote for hillari clinton. that' we can stop! save america trumppence16 
"want poison, dysfunct in d.c.? elect donald trump  polit"
"the one you love and the one who love you are never, ever the same person."
thingsyoucantignor sjw 
hillaryclinton you can count on it.. count on me vote for trump. realdonaldtrump neverhillari benghazi… 
"can I lay by your side, next to you and make sure you’r alright? i’ll take care of you."
"michael moor storm trump tower, demand meet with donald  "
trump’ ohio state director say campaign ha sever tie with state republican parti chairman  polit
"personally, I carri a gun becaus i'm too young to die and too old to take an ass whooping'! guns4ni"
trump to make quick trip to mexico befor immigr speech  | 
vote what u think will happen first w/ hillari on debat RT &amp; make the poll more representative😏hillaryshealth
you live longer onc you realiz that ani time spent be unhappi is wasted.  – ruth E. renkl
NY attorney gener is investig trump foundat practic  polit
these refuge are a trojan hors
howimdanger you just can't resist my smile and will do whatev I want 😈
-knock knock-who' there?-fbimadonna 
trump say ‘no such meet Or convers ever happened’  polit
"hillari clinton, donald trump to get intellig briefings: polit extra: although both candid have said ...  cleveland polit"
honorforthebrav i'd better obey the law then to be punish
the sign wa up in south texa 
"how terrorist act: they spread fear and violenc til their demand are satisfied. now, how do blacklivesmatt ac… "
mind thi when you onc again start whine about trump taxestrumppence16 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin obama admit He ha No birth certif
könntest du es denn besser machen? merkelmussbleiben
florida gov. declar state of emerg as hurrican matthew take slight shift west 
badjudgmentin5word be fire from waterg investig 
"kusk1111 so, you prefer to let someon els steal it from us just not to feel so guilty?"
red sox trade 1B mike napoli back to ranger
wanna be realli brave? take a hit!
marshallproj begoniaarizona can't believ spank allow our tax-pay school
jenn_abram cute guy!
 unnecessari experiments!!
foke donald trump vow to take legal action against everi woman who' accus him of sexual misconduct  foke
"pain is joy when it cries, it’ my smile in disguise.  – pusha T"
survivalguidetothanksgiv turn the dinner into an eat contest. At least it will stop the famili from spew obsceni…
real refuge would kindli accept all the help offer while the syrianrefuge onli demand the best islamkil brussel
8M american live abroad may tip a close elect  polit
Do what you gotta do to be happy.
We need to learn to treat our own brain better  – understand how it work will help us do that.
betteralternativetodeb drink game
😄😄 
ferguson fergusonrememb
caus i'mma fight 'til I die or win
We all matter policecolor
imalwaysforget that I should stop drink
"""hillari clinton is the most dishonest candid for potu sinc richard nixon.” ~ mike_p "
I have to do manscap cancelplansin5word
"regularli I don't watch polit debate, but I watch it today. surprisingli it gave me a good mood! vegasgopdeb"
hillari is the biggest nation secur disaster! 
"onc they see you better without them, that' when they want you back"
rip prayers4california peopl kill people..not gun tcot
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari snapchact-filt photo
"you know that  onc you go black, you can never go trump gopdeb vegasgopdeb"
"In less than 3 week we will have the last chanc to take our countri back &amp; elect a potu who is realli for ""we th… "
imalwaysokwith mediocr
racism is not an answer and solution. oscarformuhammad oscarnom whoismuhammad
donald trump is the embodi of everi racist in thi country. that' whi he get so much support. thi countri is neck deep in racism.
whatev happen to the video maker hillarybenghazi had susanric say caus benghazi ?  trumpforpresid
2017survivaltip stay singl
beauti girl prefer trump!trump2016 neverhillari 
all peopl around the world need to unit to battl terror after the event happen in france. teapartynew 
obama to mark 15 year sinc 9/11 at pentagon ceremoni  news
thetroublewithaddict no one take it seriously. it' a horribl diseas that million of peopl suffer from.
scotu rule On same-sex marriag mandat nationwid conceal carri reciproc   via 3tags_org pjnet
fuck cancer idontcuss
"I think i'm bigger than i am, i should wear a 3x  – cyhi Da prync"
"pigeontoday If you want to live in america, be a legal immigr"
sometim the best part of my job is that my chair swivels.
merkel hat viel problem in unserem land gelöst merkelmussbleiben
3wordsbetterthanilovey the milki way
"If you'r talent enough, you will get oscar anyway oscarhasnocolor"
We need to make america safe. first thing we should do is elimin crimin such as obama and clinton 
the dude who realli kinda dig that girl with the dragon tattoo. allmalereboot
"jerseys, sure cowtv midnight"
MT sdv92: liberti never came from government. articlev  cosproject pjnet
To all who wouldn't shut up about how hillari won the popular vote: do you think illeg vote for trump?… 
the latest: obama say expert cite russian in dnc hack  busi
"My kid can come, right? cancelplansin5word"
thi is the america obama ha created!on where the name of true american hero are known by none. 
igetdepressedwhen I can't reach the remote.
new york is in safe with such sheriff guns4ni
istartcryingwhen I open my stash box
crafti dog 
ireallylikeyoubut you  cant admit when you wrong
2 – zerofox monitor blacklivesmatt activist - 
I just love you... no matter what ❤️
dnc protest vow same loud messag as at '00 rnc  |  
former miss usa competitor ha a messag for women about donald trump!spread! 
sli and the famili feud addabandtoatvshow
whatiwouldtella15yearoldmemakarsankranti high of 5C  insultingmovi alanrickmanscfcvafc tristramhunt... 
"damn, that is insan 😂😂😂😭😭😭 trump nevertrump "
imtoooldfor parti hard. one glass of wine and i'm done 
He ain't lyin! draintheswamp  electionday maga  trumpforpresid
So i'm just go to stay corrupt 
idahopresstrib what` your opinion about phosphoru leakag from the simplot plant in the american falls?!
the walk dead... hillaryshealth 
let' make A deal gameshowhostpickuplin
I agre w/ hillaryth most import qualiti in a presid is rock solid steadinessclintoncollaps neverforget 
schönen abend und gute nacht! 
bc2dc16 apppray prayer_h pjnet makethecal peggyingod 247prayer retweeetpleas retweeetthi RT pray 
cop arrest 2 girl at a SA whataburgernobodi know for what... 
2017survivaltip don’t run away from polic
"""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" ~ olivernorthfnc "
survivalguidetothanksgiv your excuse= I got to leav earli to pay my booki the loin lost again...
good friend are the best gift. –pooh
islamkil the fact that my countri is right besid brussel make it even scarier prayforbrussel worldpeac
"8 inch knifew may never know hi motives, right? "
crimmin commit less crime after they have been shot!that' whi I say bluelivesmatt 
elect beer mug hope to predict next presid 
"""refuge welcome"" is trendingit wa trend in sweden a coupl of year ago and thi is what they got "
midnight superoldhero babyboom squad
"let' have a beer together, you can open it and I will drink it"
mom demand gunsense: have
poni leagu world seri put washington counti In spotlight  news
funniest 12 mins! must see 
"requir everi offic to carri insurance, similar to malpractic insur and watch these number fall. blacklivesmatt"
mexican are angri at their own presid for meet with trump 
catherinem_wada can you comment on this? Do you think it' fake? becaus it doesn't look like one
fuck out My face my4wordnewyearsresolut
obama warn against 'walls' in final speech to u.n.  news |  
mosul offens ha just begun. US is shell isi positions. peshmerga/iraqi army/shia militia prepar f… 
hillaryrottenclinton abovethelaw fbifail  trumpforpresid
that' me right now 
hillari for prison!! 2016electionin3word electionfinalthought dncleaks2 dncleak2 
"peac hillary' support are like ""i'll put a bullet in your head"" imwithh "
"trump, after uproar over isi remarks, take familiar stance: blame media  polit"
"trump call for racial unity, embrac ‘stop and frisk’  news"
hillari clinton must face charges! tim kain say it best!retweet the hell out OF this! debatenight 
"after critic by clinton, aid to trump say he now believ obama born in US  polit"
presid obama on 9/11: “we rememb and we will never forget.”  news
"when you lose the abil to defend the right you have, you will lose everi singl one of them pjnet"
I love music lover but I hate know it all'  ilove__butihate__
hillari should disarm her bodyguard if she realli believ 'gun don't keep you safe' debat debatenight 
can't. gotta go cuddl sheseemslegit   cancelplansin5word
"ploeching h�tten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  f�r merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
politweec great
igetalittleweirdabout snapchat filter
the langford files. athleticstvshow
trump pitch $20 billion educ plan at ohio charter school that receiv poor mark from state  polit
makemehateyouinonephras if you'r use 'should of' in written convers
"it wa a common day for me, I knew noth about the terrorist attack till the even my911stori"
myemmynominationwouldb worst year in histori
toavoidworki claim I have anal glaucoma. I can't see my azz come into work today. 
powel in hack emails: trump Is 'nation disgrace'  polit
"thingstoknowabouttwitt a cruel place,it' not 4D faint hearted,u post a hit tweet. -0 like -158 tweet engag  like realli not even1"
funni how hillari and obama pretend they can do noth about the riots. tell ur support to sit the f*ck down an… 
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made..."" ~ donald trump debat"
brussel islamkil you know what' realli disgust and deplorable? allow a terrorist in becaus politics.
"porn is not a reality, it can be just a small hobbi"
the greatest danger to american freedom is a govern that ignor the constitut guns4ni
betteralternativetodeb best dressed.
it' absolut unbeliev that life goe on no matter what happen
memor line from dnc day 3  polit |  
ireallylikeyoubut your needi is a littl too needy...
"""da ist mein stadt - irgendwann ist schluss"": hamburg' schickt warnung an chaoteng20hh2017 welcometohel "
gop deleg from washington part of anti-trump revolt 
that' what special snowflak should learn about lifeliberallog 
reallifemagicspel labracadabra - turn everi dog nearbi into a labrador. fun but total useless.
fall asleep befor midnight. .
dollar store shower curtain lastminutegifts2016
my4wordnewyearsresolut tri someth new 2017
"how about make good movies, be good actor and then you will deserv an award oscarhasnocolor"
trump’ campaign said to Be ‘pull out of virginia’: nbc  polit
the spin doctor midnight drunkband
"meet jedidah C. isher, ph.d.: the first black woman to receiv a master' degre in physic from yale. proud! https://…"
"lieb frau merkel bitt standhaft bleiben, deutschland braucht sie. merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
interest and well made! 
unbeliev 😡😡😡 
"the second amend protect my life, my family, my freedom and my property. and nothing’ gonna chang it! 2A "
donald trump: 'i'm not flip-flopping' on immigr  polit |  
"toavoidworki scream stew stewyyi stew stew in an interview, (he' my cat) open my eye and explain what an ador cat he is stew"
hillari got off scot free on email and clintonfound scandal dure presidentialdeb 
thingspeopleontwitterlik dem tittiez!!!
the abus is occur right now with the obama administr 2a 2adefend tcot pjnet wakeupamerica …
"supremesacrificeday My grandfath wa a firemen, my dad wa a cop. I still rememb their sacrifice!"
toavoidworki chew a gum
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s."" "
republican parti formal nomin trump for presid  polit
ihatepokemongobecaus it never call me back after our first date and I paid! not even a jerk text.
merkel wird immer um die zukunft de euro kämpfen! merkelmussbleiben
ignor men don't know what good they hold in their hand until they'v flung it away.
thanksobama glad you'r gone.
"rulesforeverydayliv ""damn the torpedo ! full speed ahead !"" "
"summeramovi """
hillary4prison votetrump make america great again. trumpforpresid
clinton’ email server problem resurfac 
new york stay safe! guns4ni
love love love love love love lovee

My dog never act like that and I like that. but thi video is funni 
the big beef theori cowtv midnight
giftideasforpolitician someth knit
i'll leav empty-hand today. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
"trump claim credit for pence’ debat performance, say he doesn’t ‘love’ or ‘hate’ putin  polit"
hilari clinton would be the greatest threat to humanity“hillari clinton’ thirst for war” by patriotblak 
"""insid out"" review: happi happi joy joy! pixar' latest is among it best"
die erst frau al kanzler merkelmussbleiben
you can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself.  – leonardo da vinci
one of the best live perform ever 
"imtoooldfor parties. really, both democrat and republican are more like daycar children on strike"
notic hillari clinton chang her hair style to cover her ear for tonight' debates2016 hillaryearpiec 
Be happi with obama and pharrel obamad 
2016in4word marvel were the best
2016in4word giant panda aren't endang
bender' game onewordoffbook midnight
the chain of habit are gener too small to be felt until they are too strong to be broken.
keemstar trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"peopl love to hate, but hate to love. ..."
I find no reason explic whi thi corrupt liar is still in the presidenti raceinstotu hillaryclinton 
donald trump: 'no reason' for taj mahal casino shutdown 
hillari own by muslims!getmyattentionin4wordsclintongirlsbreaktheinternet 
brilliant soundtrack and animation!😂thegophasbecom 
"iknewweweredoom when it becam clear that you were much hotter, charismat and more talent than I am. whi would you want me?"
but WE don't need gun control.  prayers4california
differ between presid obama and presid georg W. bush. face behind them say it alldallasmemori 
islamkil it' easi to be a man who hide behind the secret servic to say that none of these refuge are terrorists!
germany: muslim migrant arrest for rape of 90-year-old grandmoth return from church..
merkel hat die flüchtlingskris gelöst merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"you should never want to be perfect, he who is perfect can never get ani better. -ashley m.l. iamonfir"
protest with pocket constitut remov from trump ralli  polit
He smile then look away
ander al die opposit ist die union entschlossen merkelmussbleiben
rulesforeverydayliv  never vote for trump
christian leader urg pope to tackl US penal system
A person who realli want someth will find a way
"demsinphilli day 2: ""crimin appreci night"" - mother of dead violent crimin "
"for trump, a night of miss opportunities. here are 5 big ones.  polit"
how is thi acceptable??????? 
"""just look at what ha happen to the black commun under obama."" ~ jennif burk "
"woman kill by atlanta cop wa not properli searched, polic chief say "
i'd like to see it 
"islamkil well, we now know that these refuge are terrorists. stopislam"
wikileak doc show appar gender pay gap at clintonfoundationpodestaemails15 
mr. selfie. midnight maketvshowsaustralian
...who will first take your job wakeupamerica 
seattle’ may day protest prepar cleveland’ 300 bicycl cop for rnc  news
I don’t like the idea of secur agenc surf my privat inform surveillanceday
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!""… "
совместка donald trump &amp; backstreet boy 
"""I refus to let anoth gener of american children be exclud from the american dream.""nakedtrump "
fiber man superoldhero midnight
kkk endors hillary&gt;&gt; donald trump wa right again! 
"MT jstines3: jesus. the lamb of god, will return as the lion of judah!    renewu  pjnet  ccot  lnyhbt   "
"when you think no one cares, keep go though life to prove yourself wrong."
"trump: ""mi opponent... want to put the great miner and steel worker of our countri out of work.""rncincl"
thi is a night not to be missed. big buzz on sugarmen
hillaryclinton the media keep say trump doesn't have support of american blacks...se the truth! 
muslim children parad the head of their victim while a crowd of adult prais them!feel the religion of peace! 
funni black metal commerci from finland 
I won't be watch oscars.  not becaus of oscarssowhit but becaus I don't give a shit oscarhasnocolor oscar
they use to be democrat until they learn the truth about hillary!demexit 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari kermit
onli 9% of america chose trump and clinton as the nomineeseach squar on pic repres 1M of 324m in the usa 
sauc girl drunkband midnight
watch: christie' latest attack against 'elitist' clinton
dishonest socialisthow is that news? 
addabandtoatvshow matchbox 20/20
childrenthinkthat their dad' wallet is a reliabl sourc of money
surpris rnc calm mean quiet courtroom  news
"brexit will help bring about a 'socialist' britain, say labour mpbut he' wrong "
and one who can't spell slut.
vent on here  thingspeopleontwitterlik
turn out clinton foundat aid are just countri who just bought their way out of the terror list… 
10 way donald trump give hillari clinton an open by re-u...  |  
stay awak 
"everyth should be first-rat in a person, hi face, clothes, soul and thoughts."
"jbm elit person train  cincinnati, ohio   blacktwitt "
thedailybeast pattyarquett can I keep my gun ?? berniesand trump2016 indicthillari imnotwithh clintonfoundationcorrupt
lol i'm shock by what I saw 
we'r gonna need a bigger goat! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
man shot on lauren street in baltimor 
the #' r not the doubt!  tgdn ccot ctot democrat bluedodo   
rep. waters: trump ha No credibl on black commun  polit
"electionfinalthought *point a load gun at a newspaper* ani last words, elect 2016..."
thingspeopleontwitterlik avoid sleep
"trump invit a kid dress up as donald trump on stage in wilkes-barre, pa.how mani rt for thi cute guy🙂 "
thi is time to end fu*kin polic brutality! antipolicebrutalityday
my2017resolut to stop tri to impress everyon around me with my number of retweet
"In philly, sander say what clinton said to wall street behind close door 'i fine' "
thingsyoucantignor a mole on your naughti bit
obstacl are those thing you see when you take your eye off the goal.
support open clinton' missouri campaign HQ amid buzz of a close race here  polit
you like trump icantbeurfriendbecaus
"weed are flowers, too, onc you get to know them"
realterrorist 
radic muslim burn infidel aliv while moder muslim watch!al brought togeth by religion of peace! 
wicket dumberbroadway midnight 
i'v never had a problem with drugs. i'v had problem with the police.
I tri to treat whoever I meet as an old friend. thi give me a genuin feel of happiness.
trump campaign su by kid danc troup over broken deal  polit
"thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!piss dem off, show them thi pic! trumppence16 rncincl "
long live rock`n`roll!!!!! 
north korea say obama' push for sanction laughabl  news
the louisiana flag ad to texa governor' mansion to support batonroug police!rncinclebluelivesmatt 
thi song will trigger mani liberals😏excellent! watch listen and retweet! 
"michael mccaul: If hillari wins, she could face impeachment!enough with thi nation embarrassment! vote trump! "
nocybercensorship yeah just like the blm tweet you favorit from me wa from 3 day ago. creep on my twitter much?
i'v been imit so well i'v heard peopl copi my mistakes.
these few day mani peopl are talk about thi rumor of frozen. Do you think it’ true?
"dude, you gotta get off friendster and get on facebook. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
I watch show like nyan nyan and listen to askaman
I just don't like you that way anymor  reasonstogetdivorc 
i'd appreci reallifemagicspel which would turn water into wine🙃
"trump would fund anti-cruz, kasich super-pacs: donald trump plan to creat and fund super-pac aim...  break"
"g.i. tract joe ""caus go is half the battle""  problematickidsshow midnight "
email releas by wikileak rais question of dnc' imparti  polit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari eliot spitzer in a hotel room
tri to be a rainbow in someone' cloud.  – maya angel
brilliant! ‘hillari hospital’ sign welcom sickhillari to LA for her hollywood fundrais 
"clinton mock catholics, southerners, ""needi latinos""► trumpforpresid"
"🚨🚨break news: bob creamer, top hillaryclinton campaign advisor, fire after the verita video! thx jame o'… "
"In addit to modern education, there is a need to learn how to achiev inner peace."
addsethimproveanyth Oh pleas dont take my seth away
thingsnottaughtatschool life is short 
cleveland 
thingsthatshouldbecensor polit discuss dure holiday
"signsyouareamerican you don't consid insects, dogs, cats, monkeys, or guinea pig to be food."
whether we are happi or not depend on our attitud
"realdonaldtrump fallontonight nice cap, bruce! Be proud!"
one christma I got a bag of green armi soldier from my nan but I wa 15 at the time so I gave them away to my nephew secondhandgift
there are plenti of option to stay health without marijuana!!! junkieu
"5 minist sind von der cdu, es ist ihr erfolg! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch "
"psdunker sehr geehrter herr dunker,merkel ist die best kanzlerin für deutschland,  sind sie einverstanden? merkelmussbleiben"
whippet good  dogsong midnight
that' how muslim educ children..😡😡 No wonder they becom terrorists! religionofpeac 
"In cleveland friday, obama tell voter they have ‘everything’ to lose if trump win  polit"
"and I don't mean stimpy' friend, bitch"
donald J. trump ralli melbourn  local 
myemmynominationwouldb outstand drama mocker
haitian protest continu befor oct. 9 presidenti elect  via news 
"usatoday not hi first, wakeupamerica"
 hillarious)
that verdict still bother me in the morn but i'm bless to see a day that some couldn't   wearhoodiefortrayvon
imvotingbecaus I want donald trump for presid and hillari clinton for prison.  magaselfi maga pinkthevot http… trumpforpresid
hillaryclinton pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
obamacare😱irandeal😱01.20.2017 😊😊😊👋🏻👋🏻👋🏻 emojiaweekend
"topvideo ""it' great to be back"" say clinton "
all refuge are isi dont let them into america!!!!!!! islamkil brussel
gunfreezon   can’t  provid you safeti prayers4california
video show that 15y/o kestoncharl wa unarm &amp; had hi hand up when cop open fire &amp; shot him 16 timesblm 
the name ken bone wa inspir by the ken doll for the fact trump ha no penis. kenbonefact midnight
the latest: trump favor wider access to birth control 
be posit in a neg situat is not naive. it' leadership.
"midnight I, roboto addasongruinamovi"
whatiwantforchristmasin4word pleas let obama stay
"I am convinc 2A supporter, guncontrol is one of obama' delusions. noth more, noth less. guns4ni"
sometimesitsokto hate someon 
offic montrel jackson with hi baby-boy.murd in the batonrougebluelivesmatt 
photos: isi blow Up baalshamin templ in palmyra
*harri style breathes* andthatswhenistartedcri
I ate some non-organ kale. whyimgangsta
pjnet    live action
goldman ceo blankfein ‘supportive’ of clinton for pragmat  polit
veri inform video about how feder reserv and economi realli function.part 5. 
iknewweweredoom when word like fleek and bae becam normal
obama on ‘terrifying’ threat of climat chang  news |  
i'm not pregnant 3wordsbetterthanilovey
he' friend with hillari and you don't even know hi name! trump2016 
I want to see hillary' fan reaction when they see her nake statues! I bet she ha hiv releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
"A bird doesn't sing becaus it ha an answer, it sing becaus it ha a song"
At least berni wa healthi unlik zombi hillary!😂hillaryshealth 
I can't f**king believ it! subject sane and spineless peopl with no self respect like thi john let all this… 
"clinton, alreadi domin on the airwaves, reserv nearli $80 million more in TV time "
each day we wake up in a mess built by hussein obama. A vote for hillari is a vote for obama' 3rd term. maga 
easi to alway accus whites. No responsibily! take your fuck life in your own hand oscarhasnocolor
break !!!florida for trump!electionnightmaga 
demsinphilli demconvent feelthebern notpp 
republican nation convention: arizona' 58 deleg vote for trump  polit
what is thi suppos to mean? elections2016 
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
donald trump and usain bolt share one (veri fast) thing in common  polit
khizr khan: trump ha a 'black soul'  polit
trump denounc ‘li and smears’ as more women come forward  news
true! 
"mois morancy, 20 year old actor and activist from brooklyn tweet the hashtag itdoesntmatt "
thingsnottaughtatschool how to type perfectli while ride a bu
I am not one of those who in express opinion confin themselv to facts.
"trump to deal with surg migrat to us, scant resourc "
trump aid want him focus on clinton probe rather than weiner  polit
ex-un ambassador bolton set to address mich. gop 
My ex alway did that   makesexawkwardin5word 
"the left knows, that' whi they are desper throw unfound accus at mr. trump... "
"hard as I tri I know I can't quit, someth about you is so addict"
"dear liberals, "
pretti bear cub 
"afd plant offiziellen besuch der roten flora. ich bin kein afd-fan, aber immer schön macht man druck auf rot-grün😌"
"wook316 under the tree, right?"
"clinton, kain stump togeth after convent  polit |  "
see? it' not that hard. it' not about race! If you act like racist you'r freak racist no matter what color yo… 
he' afraid of go to jail with the clinton crime family. podestaemails33 votetrumpp  trumpforpresid
bill clinton: 'I realli am in my second childhood'  polit
there are mani latino who support trump' immigr policies. but lie media will never show this! 
betteralternativetodeb fart
leak trump video creat polit firestorm ~~~ My pop wa on the news y'all. 🇺🇸🙌 dumptrump  
"“to learn something, to master something, anything, is as sweet as first love.” ― geoffrey wolff iamonfir"
'vote for trump' serbian ultra-nationalist chant as biden visit  world news
trap!!! 
"welt Es ist nur ein normal ehe und da ist mann und frau. all ander ist falsch, man kann es tolerieren, aber nicht unterstuetzen"
rand paul' new patriot act? 2016elect
germany: 'peaceful' muslim celebr the start of ramadan by burn down the asylum center!
mother who lost kid to violenc stand their ground on dnc stage tonight 
music. thingsinventedwhilehigh
"Be kind, for everyon you meet is fight a hard battle."
live updat from the republican nation convent in cleveland  news
"you'r the onli one I want, nobodi else."
trump' tax record show he could have avoid pay tax for 18 year 
fact check the latest debat between trump and clinton  news
zambian anxiou as presidenti elect result delay  news
"sometimestwittermakesm laugh and laugh, then laugh some more"
wordsnotusedoftenenough n-word 
teen arrest for plan alleg isis-inspir attack on pope
christmasaftermath don’t leav me alon togeth with pie
democrat weigh down-ballot drag of clinton email saga  news
"the effect of trump’ trade policies? trade war with china, mexico that could cost u.s. 4 million ...  polit"
idrunforpresidentif there wa a magic wand to solv ‘everything’ 
sen. sessions: what hillaryclinton said in leak speech disqualifi her from hold office!debate… 
hillari clinton is pay thousand to remov thi photo. the sign of mental ill indicthillari 
track girl stonedcomicbook
beauti coupl need to be on top of a wed cake🙃😏 
"islamkil not all refuge are terrorists, but some could be, and that is the problem brussel"
"five most interest thing thi week in mls, week 27"
"donald trump flip-flops, say obama wa born in u.s.  polit"
islamkil prayforbrussel stay safe brussels...and europe. stopislam
the trial of homer simpson addcartoonstohistori midnight
thingsyoucantignor sjw 
christmasaftermath I think I need a second job
dnc: can democrat find a way to woo small busi owners?  busi
donaldnorcross can peopl just accept it? I mean that author have zero control especiali over islamist? stopislam islamkil
"Be strong now, becaus it will get better. It may be stormi now, but it can't rain forever."
"stopislam islamkil .potus, are you dense? america is wethepeople, not obama the dictator!"
"nanci pelosi' goat hill pizza restaur is a cover for a scheme that fund democrats. U know, the one who fight… "
syria | nsya repel isi attack on al-tanf 
presid obama speak at duckworth fundrais in chicago 
"необычный опрос""кто самый плохой кандидат?""electionday election2016 "
you guy realli want old marxist berni sander be a potus? democrat are know for their poor choic of leader 
boom! nfl player terrel owen endors trump2016: 'we need a common sens president!'trumptrain 
atlantabreak and so?
"more than 20 state have face major elect hack attempts, dh say  "
reasonsiaintinarelationship  i'm stuck somewher between tri harder and whi bother.
"whi the hell it' fine for mexico to have a wall on their southern border, but for US have a wall is racist?👇 "
it’ prove that seriou vaccin side effect are extrem rare vaccinateu
 ouch!
hillari is the biggest bulli of them all. just ask the secret service. imnotwithher.
brussel these refuge are a trojan hors

new york attorney gener to investig donald trump’s...  news |  
"judg jeanine: ""hillari clinton destroy evidence, obstruct justic and perjur herself' "
My sister made some hard ass shoe for tomorrow trumpforpresid
stopislam terror and refuge from syria will end fast if world work to bring peac to isi free syria asap islamkil
To those who say hillari ha no accomplishments👇 
 surrealist but fun!
former fbi asst. director jame kallstrom: they use to kill peopl like hillari by fire squad for “careless leak… 
"schwach wirtschaft, recht wähler: auf dem land regiert der frustkoeln3107 demonstrationsrecht erdogan-anhäng"
simon
thanksobama for start war
wit refus to testifi in hear on clinton’ email  news
"4wordgreatidea return to neverland, alic"
crazi sing 
"трамп:""помните, если я проиграю, то это соревнование сфальсифицировано!""uselections2016 election2016 "
the love and support is real! kaepernick 
clinton mark 15th anniversari of 9/11 terror attack (photos)
caillou hit stage 4 problematickidsshow midnight
.fusion: maced. tased. and put into cages.th UN is investig human right violat against nodapl activi… 
there' thi store where the creatur meet  america
"start a huge, foolish project, like noah... it make absolut no differ what peopl think of you.  – rumi"
"after verbal missteps, trump blame other "
A look at the 170 time donald trump ha tweet about the 'losers'  
"howtoconfuseamillennialpoint out that divers &amp; multicultur lead to mass rape, murder &amp; death "
me: girl
"iamonfir T. coraghessan boyle: We are like kafka' hunger artist, perform astonish feat for a nonexist audience."
"mybatonroug backup QB luke mccown' season in doubt with back injury, nfl network report  sport"
"donald trump extend lead over hillari clinton in ohio, while rob portman run up the score on ted ...  polit"
"how I see dncleak, trump foundat stori and thi whole elect cycl "
drunkband puke nsync midnight
signsyoureintheusa everyon is full of respect 
brussel islamkil it' absurd our nation govern is still consid let them come to america
"If someth look difficult, it is more fantast to do it! stay away from the easi things!"
&amp; if her last name wasn’t “clinton” she would have been indictedneverhillari imnotwithh 
"phoenix trump rally. crowd is huge, hillari clinton could never gather that much peopl phoenix  trumpenmexico "
outrag video: five innoc black children held AT gunpoint for play basketbal 
lostin3word where the fuck...
whatihatein5word   when the litter box overflows!
clinton is less of a sure bet as odd of trump win increas 
report : indict ‘likely’ in clinton foundat fbi investig  
realdonaldtrump hmm🤔 unborn doesn't but illeg do have constitut rights? 
welt braucht keiner
jeb bush superpac To spend $24 million On ad
master Of puppet 
who do you think is go to be the worst commander-in-chief? nbcnewsforum
"presidenti elect result by county: d.c., maryland, virginia  "
"markbland you realiz you can't just show up and tell peopl they are wrong. Do you have ani facts? I still don't get you. Be specific, ok?"
rtifyouar not pro-life. death to everyone!!! 
such a huge leakag of phosphoru in the american fall and no one cares!  phosphorusdisast
but why? whi do you need prophet to tell you how you ought to live? whi do you need anyon to tell you how you ought to live. -daniel quinn
"commissionerki drewmtip daili caller detail re sen kerri send clinton secret info,  ccot teaparti tgdn"
"new week, same problem for trump campaign nationwid  news"
thank to our ancestor for 2ndamendmentday
ruinadinnerinonephras I need femin because…
"""умеренные"" боевики группировки нуреддин аз-зинки варварски казнили ребенка,обвинив его в поддержке бригады аль-кудс "
gop super pac will spend $10 million on key house...  via news |  
our daili bread
donald trump campaign ad: middl class america.middl incom american &amp; busi will experi profound relief
fee superior to peopleonfacebook thingspeopleontwitterlik
doe It matter If georg h.w. bush vote for clinton?  polit
merkel wählen merkelmussbleiben
"bitch, how could you be so fine ? shake that ass, she' so mine  – big sean"
thegophasbecom the parti of people! thi pic is just anoth slap to the lie media! 
"magyar_john Be a part of pjnet cruzcrew tweetfest  tonite! now IN progress  chat, cruz videos,tunes,"
idrunforpresidentif honey boo-boo wa my run mate 
demndeb you don’t like our countri demdeb
"foke donald trump stoke fear of a 'rig election', battl the sexual assault alleg by eight...  foke"
freihandelsabkommen ttip wird unser wirtschaft bereichern merkelmussbleiben
"4wordgreatidea whatev happens, don't stop"
rulesforeverydayliv  tri not to murder your famili
demdeb We are all sinner but We are not all evil!!  demdebatemiami
those three word blacklivesmatt antipolicebrutalityday
juicesixtysix you guess wrong. 
"african american support with shirt on that say ""republican are not racists"" at trump ralli (via always_trump) "
On the left we have hillari clinton and on the right we have a femal version of georg soros. 
simpl question: have you ever seen hillari meet w/ vets?! ratlauer nbcnewsforum 
clinton' pledge: steadi hand at 'moment of reckoning'  |  
"fidel castro turn 90, critic obama, thank cuba "
when someon tell me i'm gorgeou I just giggl and then ask them do they wear glass
damn situat scare me texasjihad
I think someon should tell it to our media trump2016 
god take sunday off 4wordgreatidea you dont have to!
demndeb demdeb is a joke. you know what' so bad about polit jokes? some of them get elect
"thi is a court of law young man, not a court of justice. -oliv wendel holm law_and_lawy iamonfir"
hey hey  were the monk..i makemusicreligi 
work engin on crash transasia plane wa shut off: taiwan aviat watchdog  world news
today is the dawn of the trumpenreich maga trumpforpresid
To argu with a person who ha renounc the use of reason is like administ medicin to the dead.- pjnet
2 old peopl argu over who' a bigger socialist! 😂😂😂 demdebatemiami
those '50 gop' offici belong to the establish that ha woefulli fail the american people!trump will take back our country!
donald trump eye a georgia judg as a suprem court contend  
percydown can you tell me what are our next step accord to the water polut in the american falls?
prayers4california dem want us to think that it’ caus by gun but it’ not
everi time I see thi it get funnier! 
angela merkel adé tritt in große fußstapfen 
"whereshillari hillari can't handl stair or stand without support, she never help other americans. "
two explos and gunfir at istanbul' ataturk airport! 
the sting of a reproach is the truth of it
"thingstobeashamedof treat anim like trash, and aprx 2.6 million shelter anim get euthan everi year.w/not e…"
"dear msm,stop thi bullshitsincer yours,america "
sport minor leagu team host peanut-fre game night
jaredwyand oh.. he know better.. he' a muslim. and he admit that onc :)
best of moto show! 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word    war famin homeless erad
thingspeopleontwitterlik not read more than 140 charact at a time
I love peach cobbler but I hate hot peaches...  it' weird...  ilove__butihate__
muslim alway protest against islamophobia..but have you ever seen them protest against terrorism? 
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
hillari clinton creat isi how much more proof do we need to see the truth of what she ha done in the middl east..deb debatenight
do they care onli about the actors’ skin color?!! oscarhasnocolor
2017survivaltip don't listen to other peopl
jay zzz
"obama speaks, and listen hear noth but ‘donald trump’  news"
.trishintel: new report find sexual assault in germani commit by migrant have 'reach epidem proportions.' 
opkkk teapartynew teaparti kkk republican 
trumpbecaus he is the last hope for american democracy. I have my passport and my money set asid to flee the if hillaryclinton win
hrc and barri are a disgrac to anyon who wear or ha worn a uniform for thi country. tcot ccot gop 
everyon who want onlin censorship want to violat our constitut right nocybercensorship
"In vote-by-mail colorado, trump renew talk of elect fraud  polit"
muslim american make america great again! 
whi democrat can't take union for grant in a race against donald trump: ohio polit roundup  polit
misswinma hillari know a thing or two how to kill those who cross her. ask seth rich' famili about it
vote &amp; maximum retweet!!!w can't let them win!!!nbcnewsforum 
the world' smartest toolbox 
"diammitdian yeah. btw, 'termin genesis' suck too"
st. patrick' day through the year  
topnew obama turn focu to u.s. congress as he campaign for clinton
californiamovi the goven 3 - confeder
"momin5word ""strongest????, loving????, caring????, beautiful???? woman????????????,..... ???????????????????? "
wovor die deutschen am meisten angst haben. Am meisten angst: rechtsradikal oder linksradikal regierung!
mother-daught relationship lol 
survivalguidetothanksgiv take off your cloth
childhood home of donald trump to be sold at auction 
the fantast four twenti stonedcomicbook midnight
the gop' smear ted strickland effort is work but rob portman' campaign is no profil in courag...  polit
fatal drive-bi shoot outsid boy and girl club
cloudi with a chanc of big daddi addamovieruinamovi
"In the end, you'll realiz you onli have a few true friends. but that' better than have mani fake ones."
the list of quot by great “polit thinkers” who said trump could never win the presidency… 
s'mores! thingsinventedwhilehigh
"chines communist are so whini about trump-taiwan call, but they pay zero attent to the north korea. "
4 charg In traffic alterc that turn into attack On trump voter  
betteralternativetodeb america play the date game. We ask question and don't get to see who answers.
"hillari just explain how trump’ death would benefit americans, where’ the press now? "
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""cash or ebt"" cash"
"selma burk never receiv credit for her portrait of presid franklin D. roosevelt, which wa later featur on the…"
"clinton, trump support have few friend on other side  |  "
blank out otherthingstodoin6second
"john RK howard sodom hi black team-mat in 2015 and got away with it. tweet it, caus no racist should be p… "
rand paul: poll show clinton ahead are 'design to suppress turnout'
« the young are perman in a state resembl intoxication. » aristotl
trump’ even do that bullshit fake smile white peopl do when they cross path with poc. notmypresid 
how I fuck your mother maketvsexi
boom💥 poll show most immigr back trump on ideolog testtrumpenmexico  
rtifyouar a bodi positivist! 
leader will alway tri to silenc those who are against nocybercensorship
mycookingshowwouldbeabout  cheesecak 
lewd trump take is break point for mani in gop 
 I want one like this!
happybirthdayharrytruman action are seed of fate. seed grow into destini 
isn't it weird that democrat (who are alway talk about democracy) believ that russia could decid who' usa… 
"noth will happen to hillary.everybodi includ the presid is on the fraud more importantly, donald trump is… "
miss univers winner critic by trump as ‘fat’ featur in new clinton video  polit
reasonstogetdivorc doesn't not like thi strangerth theme t shirt  teespr sthingspic retweet
the clinton have never done anyth for the poor or workers. they sold them out. neverhillari demexit 
i'v gain faith in human again  😀
i'm the onli motherfuck with no hook up to hi vespa. whyimgangsta
2016electionin3word beginner' guid to apocalyps
masters!!  
I don’t like selfi caus I m sooo ugli
makemehateyouinonephras I haven't seen your text
dumbgeniewish make obama white
"If you learn from defeat, you haven't realli lost."
obama: zika is 'seriou threat to americans'  news |  
myemmynominationwouldb the worst of sinner
whatiwantforchristmasin4word No polit dure christma
tim kaine' son arrest for riot against presid trump 
trump: clinton could shoot someon and not get prosecut 
teapartynew usa america americaproud peac nowar freedom constitut nohillari noobama 
"freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej stop tri to make white on white crime the onli real problem that exists. also, mind stat"
sheriff joe arpaio still investig obama’ birth certificate: ‘i’m not go to give up’ 
"trump call snl spoof ‘hit job,’ call for end of show  news"
handsom guy don’t pay attent to me
".patrickbuchanan: ""wikileak ha expos the fact that core of the establishment, the media, is basic in cahoo… "
autopsi prove black child fatal shot By cop wa In fact shot IN the back three time 
sie wird deutschland wieder stark machen merkelmussbleiben
"watch: ""black miseri is at an all-tim high and it' under democrat policies."" ~ burgessowenstrumpindetroit "
"a troubl on a former plant in american falls, idaho there is a disast in americanfal  phosphorusdisast"
trump’ party: what to watch on gop convention’ third day  news
"donald trump: ""if I ever said those word that jay Z said...you know what would happen to me? the reinstitut of… "
"merkel tut all richtig. feind nah halten, ihr freund sind ihr immer bekannt! girlstalkselfi"
thingsinventedwhilehigh   drug do not make peopl stupid.  they are mere catalysts.  you were alreadi stupid
hillari clinton call for a ‘nation servic reserve’  polit
the left' crusad against free speech  tcot pjnet p2 ccot 
colorado judg give campu rapist zero prison time caus uproar.wtf is this? I can't believ my eyesi'm leav 
"erinstrout wada got hacked! check it out, mayb you will want to write about it "
the ruffalo onewordoffbook midnight 
"die stark eu, die  starken nachbarn garantieren un rech zukunft! merkelmussbleiben"
charlie' angelfish midnight fishtv
"""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" ~ giuliani "
practic hard. • play harder. • pray hardest.
doe donald trump not pay taxes? He sure made it sound that way 
fun fact: onc we remov from offic everyon in washington that ha met the russian ambassador there will be no democr…
I love my jinxecat but I hate clean her litter box. ilove__butihate__ 
trump„clinton leibwächter entwaffnen“ 
mobi peni onewordoffbook
"arizona boy, 2, critic after shoot himself in face -polic "
"trump: ""never in histori have we seen such a cover-up as this, one that includ the total destruct of 33,000 em… "
4wordgreatidea pull out befor ejecul
bluelivesmatt is boycot ben &amp; jerry' for it support of blacklivesmatt 
shuffl board thingsinventedwhilehigh
"you do realiz than even the fbi are cover her, don't you? she' a goddamn kingpin!wakeupamerica "
trump head back to phx? son confirm visit 
man-mad global-warming? tri ice-ag uk:  tcot senatemajldr
donald trump lie about mock disabl report  ccot teaparti nhprimari
obama get the crowd laugh 
kain demand trump reveal busi deal  polit |  
fbi obtain search warrant to review new email in the clinton email investig 
idrunforpresidentif I would have a throne of lie there 
gop congressman want to know whi fbi keep releas clinton news on holiday  polit
"poll show hillari clinton, donald trump tie across battleground states: polit extra  polit"
"our world are all connected. We are free to come and go, so don't be sad and alway know we'll come back soon to say hello. –donald duck"
robert downey Jr as ironman idk about thi tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
ich lieb bundeskanzlerin angela merkel  carpoolkaraok
2016electionin3word none of my busi
"So a dentist is respons for kill a lion, but when peopl are killed, the gun is respons  prayers4california"
clinton say she' go to press trump on hi tax return until elect day  polit
trump say that geneva convent are out of datei the US constitut out of date as well? doe he want to rewrit it?
trump: clinton give ‘nod’ to narr of polic and racism  polit
topnew man scale trump tower in new york citi want meet with nomine
"On trump, sen. mcconnel ha gone from quiet to mum  news"
cooler than a bodi on ice damnit
thi snowflake' brain are crack 😂😂😂liberaltear 
"It all would again spin around hillary, her email and stuff instead of our country’ economi demdeb demndeb"
countdown to our weekli game
the command of suqour al-sahra - zakaria suleiman kill in latakia. He wa recent award russian medal 
On the pinnacl of success man doe not stand firm for long.
"rip anoth day, anoth shooting..  prayers4california"
you should definit get yourself one of these button at the rncincl 
and get into her sick car 
freddiegray wa a son… baltimorevsrac
just a reminder: obama want our children to be convert to islam!hillari will continu hi mission! 
ishouldgetamedalfor skateboard like a boss 
"gopdeb you know that  I rememb my republican parti as fiscal conservative, as care about the environ vegasgopdeb"
"wow, curious! "
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
tweetsfrom10yearsago 'member how aw W was? midnight
"europe, do you still think that refuge are welcome? "
"trump, clinton to meet with netanyahu on eve of first debat  polit"
"ivanka trump: ""I have seen him fight for hi famili &amp; for hi employees. and now he' fight for america."" "
it' go to happen today: the start of a new america! maga electionnight 
trump money man fund TV attack on mccain  polit
the 2016 race: how much Is donald trump hurt the g.o.p.?...  |  
failedamericanslogan obamacar save US nation 
that' exactli whi we don't need you hillaryclintonbasketofdeplor 
judg in texa temporarili block obama' transgend rule 
she' liter mock our constitut and no one seem to care wakeupamerica hillaryforprison 
"michelleobama attend princeton, graduat cum laud in 1985, and went on to earn a degre from harvard law scho… "
"don't find fault, find a remedy.  – henri ford"
If you don't think all syrian refuge are terrorist you are part of the problem. islamkil brussel 
erhoben arm bei rechtem rockkonzert - polizei ermittelt. man muss gegen beleibigen extremismu kämpfen!
that awkward moment when american believ isi terrorist and not the presid of the unit states! orlando 
после дебатов ставки на клинтон у букмекеров возросли 
islamkil syrian refuge are not welcom in america! We the peopl say So
"I mayb made some mistakes, but i'm onli human."
kuwait tell it citizen to delet terror propaganda from phone prior to enter US in order to bypass custom 
can we still trust in democraci and justic if isi attack can happen in ani city? texasjihad
lebron jame ink major hollywood deal: warner bros. announc a major deal with the nba star... …
It wa clear..julian assang confirm berni sander wa threaten by clinton mafia 
My friends!who are you go to vote for? electionday 
"hillari clinton face fresh e-mail, foundat scrutini  polit"
what save a man is to take a step. then anoth step.  – antoin de saint-exupéri
thingsnottaughtatschool fire trick
system Of A hnund dogsong midnight
messi as hell mybedroomin3word
brexit hat un ein neue möglichkeit verschafft! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 
hahahah 
"sheriff clarke, a democrat who is speak at rncincl : ""blue live matter in america!"" "
joesnuffi gregflippen freedomgetusom redbreakingnew tofrum glorytorepubl thank you!
the barber shop say it addasongruinamovi
left best weapon is their ident polit of divide-and-conquer! unityin5wordsvoterid 
guy take note
If you argu about religionofpeac you deserv to die 
size zero dark hair thirti someth californiamovi midnight
".realdonaldtrump land of the free, not home of the bought"
seem legit 
biden tell baltic states: don't take trump serious  news
today is holocaustmemorialday
never forget happybirthdaygeorgewashington
donald trump win the election!meet the new presid of the unit states!newpotu trumppotu 
man is most nearli himself when he achiev the serious of a child at play.
"topnew trump threaten jail time, clinton say rival' campaign is 'exploding'"
trump apolog for lewd comment he made about women in 2005 video 
mock assassin of trump stir controversi at san antonio school  
zeitonlin ich werd keinen urlaub mehr in der türkei machen... ein blöde zircu
intern poll show mcmullin move past trump in key utah district  polit
realdonaldtrump hmm🤔 did you wonder how the clinton went from zero to $300 million on a govern salary?! 
"clinton: he’ a nation secur danger. trump: no, she is  news"
trumpbecaus you say truth when you tryna help people. not what they want to hear 😋
you gave me somethin' i never had dumb
the moonshin boy  dumberbroadway midnight
jmikesharp survivorm that would be call a conspiraci theori
current candid look like clown demdeb demndeb
Of cours metal!! 
"the latest: michel obama, biden work for clinton thi week "
opera hous of card maketvshowsaustralian
frau merkel ist taktvol und macht kein fehler bei den verhandlungen. merkelmussbleiben
"igetdepressedwhen peopl don't bother to read into others' opinion conscientiously, and instead rehash some kind of war of ideologies."
somedayidliketose the lake district in the uk.
veri interest thought here tcot ccot pjnet 
"daniel driffin, hiv/aid activist from georgia, speak toni...  |  "
dncinphl sought to hide detail of clinton fund deal 
"china blame unit states, journalist for obama airport fiasco  world news"
methanebust cowtv midnight
I think marvel is go to kill captain america 
worstpaineverin3word innumeraci be diagnos in earli childhood
derayformayor thi is gonna chang everything!
kommentar – herr schulz sucht da glück  via dnn_onlin
"hillari clinton did noth fro americans, everyth for herself only! crimin as nomineedemsinphilli dncinphl "
"now that peyton man ha won the super bowl, he should retir so he can finish on top tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
gettin' stone beauti
politweec it' aw
green face day after drunkband midnight
die psd bank k�ln eG geht mit luka podolski in die verl�ngerung  via fn_aktien
"happi thanksgiving, veterans!thank for your service!tcot pjnet "
последний предвыборный прогнозelectionday 
thingsyoucantignor cat video tommalvaso visionnairasoc gigirules7 kjorud bueno1746 tigistsapphir toddwhain theclobra
syrianrefuge are terrorist from isi islamkil brussel
demndeb could you pleas tell me some reason whi should I believ word say at demdeb 
the latest: 'titanic' director slam trump on climat chang  polit
familien sind da fundament unser gesellschaft merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
i'm not scare of commitment. i'm scare of who I commit to.
obama hit 'mean' campaign rhetor in rebuk of trump  polit |  
erictrump made america proud!🇺🇸trumpiswithy 
survivalguidetothanksgiv take thi to the high school reunion parti 
pet exot anim wasteamillionin3word
islamkil the obama administr ha NO way of vet whether ani of these 'refugees' are isi terrorist stopislam
hillari know noth about poverti demdebatemiami 
igetdepressedwhen I forget to take my depress medication.
who want to poison us? what` goin on? phosphorusdisast  in american fall
"true but if you'r gonna be arrog about your wealth, you should B 1/22 not 22/1. she is a fraud. tcot ccot gop."
 it make me danc everi time I listen to it
kidney stone flash  superoldhero midnight
"die hamburg innenbehörd will aufarbeiten, wie es zur eskal der gewalt beim g20-gipfel kam"
easili run viral giveaway campaign get more visitor thingstoknowabouttwitt nationalpopcornday sexypolitics… 
what’ better than a curv television? 
black woman be assault by copshow can such psycho patrol our streets? scari as hell 
whi are we do nothing? it' the right time to wipe radic islamist from the face of the earth. onc and for all!prayforbrussel
andthenishouldhavesaid fuck u trump
To be yourself in a world that is constantli tri to make you someth els is the greatest accomplish
what will mike pence' speech at rnc mean for donald trump ticket? (poll): will mike pence' speech at the rnc h...  cleveland polit
celebr of death of fidel castro in littl havanago trump! 
shot_in_the_dar ich unterstütz merkel' politik 😌
obama' admir to illeg make me realli sickteapartynew theteaparti patriot tcot  wakeupamerica 
*becaus call someon ugli is consid beyond rude in canada*
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari jim  carrey in ""liar,liar"""
clinton’ indiffer result in four death but even that hasn’t chang her attitud to american citizen live 
"our game start in half an hour, don’t miss it! 👍🎉"
"ingraham: “what ppl I think increasingli are seeing, is thi wa set up for the purpos of help the clintons.” "
hillary4prison2016 teapartynew 
the end of the world! 
🚨urgent offic attack w/ meat cleaver in midtown manhattan outsid penn station!guess what religion did that! 
donald trump Is make major Ad buy in battleground state  |  
"viridianzer0 nyaranyar they'r there for crime they committed, not for skin color. and what' your respons to my previou question?"
We must return these two import principl to america: prais our lord and honor our soldiers. 
jebwecan jeb bush is republican № 1 in 2016 presidenti elect iloveobama
beingblacki bless
😂😂😂 
I told ya’ I wa trouble. you know that i’m no good…
... 
ohio state univers situat confirm that I made the onli right decis by vote for realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain
"the latest: trump, clinton 1 seat apart at Al smith dinner "
tax mustbeban
happi internationalwomensday 
co'mou! drop dat isi shit down in tweeter! isiswatchingy
how To lose A guy In ten day Of thunder addamovieruinamovi
kill innoc ppl will never solv problem prayforbrussel brussel
oops!mexican activist who critic trump for say illeg are rapist charg w/ rape 
polic break window at trump tower. trump vow to make mexico pay for the new vents/windows. realdonaldtrump 
"sorry, if i'm a littl jealous. remember... we start as friend too."
"dave chappelle: ""whi do we have to say that black live matter?""georg soros: ""becaus it' what I want you to say… "
islamkil thoughtsandpray worldpeac prayforbrussel
thingsyoucantignor 2016 
"breaking: tom brady, bill belichick vote for donald trump!  gotrump maga   trumpforpresid"
thingspeopleontwitterlik to laugh
"clinton, kain critic trump’ gettysburg pledg to sue hi accus  polit"
 fat peopl need to work out and not sing song
"he reward is now $100,000. help to locat markeith loyd. call 911 in case you find smth out "
for sure 
who lie more: clinton or trump?  news
hmmm… 
Do your mom mypreworkoutroutin
🚨updat report that explos in chelsea origin from thi dumpsteri smell islam! nycexplos 
gift i didnt like last year that i got. lol  lastminutegifts2016
6-year-old ask presid obama if he can adopt syrian boy to be hi brother  news
absolutely! 
siliconehead californiamovi midnight
self improv should be a daili goal iamonfir
worstpaineverin3word dwyanewad dwade didn't resign heatnat will feel my pain here 
state dept admit $400m to iran wa ransom. and thi is obama lie to the face of all americans. the worst potu 
me: ok i’ll studi at 8:00 clock: 8:00 me: *pretend i didn’t see*
"awesome, noth more to say "
"ein klein wenig ist sie schon besser, man darf leben wo man will, man hat die redefreiheit merkelmussbleiben"
"penc in ‘excellent’ general, cardiovascular health, doctor say  polit"
let us be thank for the fools. but for them the rest of us could not succeed.
trump say afghanistan safer than US inner citi  polit
"secondhandgift  ""gently-used"" condom"
"In florida, trump face a clinton campaign behemoth "
ted cruz can lead america to great again pjnet cruzcrew ccot tcot
even though they'v pass away we are thankful to them for their work honorforthebrav
UK telegraph confirm sealteam6 shotdown taliban trap  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
label peopl onli show what kind of a person you are.1a makeamericagreatagain 
edward
polit trump on defens over reput tie to putin
bombshell💥hillari call black servant the 'n-word' claim former clinton chef...thi need TO GO viral!… 
alec baldwin welcom son
clinton get post-deb bump in elector votes: sabato  polit
thingsnottaughtatschool how to attract attent even when you’r dress up
dnc break laws. parti of criminals! un-american peopl at demconvent demsinphilli
queen verbf�fft bei regierungsred mit �eu-hut� 
merkel ist ein superwoman merkelmussbleiben
beer for year drunkband midnight
"sander to trump: ""there are still peopl stupid enough to trust me after I sold out to hillary."" how much do they… "
dnc chair donna brazil tri to defend clintonfound — admit to huge polit improprieti 
"someon open my fridge, i'm alone!"
howtoloseyourjob leav it on the subway...
high school graduat rate hit record high of 83.2 percent 
freedom of speech is what we need! nocybercensorship
japan and it' commercials.... XD 
addasongruinamovi lovin' thi #
nixon ha admit that ppl don’t trust him and resigned. clinton will never admit her mistak or act with honor. 
howtoloseyourjob tell your boss to fuck off.
"when a girl is silent, she’ either over-thinking, tire of waiting, fall apart, cri inside... or all of the above. dailyteen"
My final touch  3wordsbetterthanilovey
clinton may have just given trump a reason to attack her for be cozi with lobbyist
philippin scrambl to sooth tension after insult to obama  news
"die hamburg elbphilharmoni lädt auch polizisten ein, die beim g20-gipfel im einsatz waren. toll auszeichnung! 😊"
all of you out there support plan parenthood should realli rememb what the woman who found them said…do… 
addasongruinamovi keep up with the life Of the pablo *even tho it not a movie*
"comedianhellnaw realdlhughley dlhughleyradio and he said he want all to get along, it wasn't against the military...trump can be an ass"
trump say he’ ‘veri troubled’ by tulsa polic shoot  news
politico polit No stamped to rubio on capitol hill: He got a big endors in tim sco...  uniteblu tcot
thingsyoucantignor the tree that wa put in jail for treeson 
"""first ladi michel obama doesn't determin the hop of the nation."" ~ david webb "
save america vote trump!imvotingbecaus imwithh electionday election2016 trumppence16  trumpforpresid
"""we have to bribg them to heel""hillari clinton for presid "
"divid and rule, the politician cri"
but it' not for a long.. 
trump ist da synonym für ignoranz und regression! klimaschutzabkommen parisclimateagr parisagr klimavertrag
multipl devic found outsid new jersey train station; 1 explod after robot tri to disarm iti thi terror today? Or what?
straight outta compton comptonmovi 12/19 日本公開。いま blacklivesmatt が話題になっている中での全米ヒット作。早く見たい。 
At the same time guy like milo get their event cancel becaus of aggress idiot who are not better than isla… 
A psychiatrist is a fellow who ask you a lot of expens question your wife ask for nothing.
white supremacist chase and run down A black teen 
realdonaldtrump true
overheardatthewishingwel I wish I had a nickel for everi wish i'v made
richmovi
reminder: US sailor get 1 year of prison for be reckless with 6 photo of sub.hillari get away with 15k sec… 
"realdonaldtrump i'm glad hillari is not help louisiana!rememb how she ""helped"" haiti!!!"
"susan B anthoni and feminist who follow her were fight for their rights. real rights, not that electionday "
there is no sin wors in life than be bore and noth wors than let other peopl tell you what to do.
... 
trumpbecaus polítician should learn from you realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain
and feelthebern 
imtoooldfor all night parti
trump' first 100 day outlin  
answer on server from hillari clinton delay two week  polit
"mtsu poll show trump with lead in tn, but same voter think hillari will win presid "
It is never too late to make thing right.   rulesforeverydayliv
(ibd) islam state warn 2 obama' chicago : 'we are In your streets'  pjnet 999 - 
"weedsillegalbut ... but, I have been watch it for a long time. "
hillary' plan: 'give illeg work permit under a differ name so they can vote on behalf of peopl who cannot… 
To saskatchewan a predat maketvshowscanadian midnight
2016 to claim farag whatiwantforchristmasin4word
mybedroomin3word the twilight zone
msm continu to cover hillary' ralli incorrectly. shameful! 
vote machin problem report across metro detroitposs voter fraudelectionday 
donald trump make grand econom claims: polit extra  polit
today is the sort of day where the sun onli come up to humili you.  – chuck palahniuk
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
"good job, man! "
moo-light cowtv midnight
"scarc target curb dem hope for hous gains, despit trump "
trump finish w/ 304 total elector votes!electoralcolleg 
gratitude: recogn the good in your life.
i'm here and you'r there. there doesn't know how good it ha it.
survivalguidetothanksgiv netflix and eat all the leftov 
"reallifemagicspel ""i'm almost asleep' - make peopl believ you'r almost asleep while you'r watch tv show and eat pizza"
corrupt is found in everyth where hillari and bill clinton are found 
andreaburton wa arrest and remov from court for wear blacklivesmatt pin 
eight inbr In A duffl bag redneckamovi midnight
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A pilot alon in the cockpit
who wore it better? ihavearighttoknow 
gopdeb stop be ignorant. guncontrol simpli will make our life safer stopthegop
ginsync drunkband midnight
"happi birthday, georg washington! may your memori never fade.  happybirthdaygeorgewashington "
"nocybercensorship a thought to china' great firewall, the biggest censor in the world "
mike_p We are all proud of him!
take shroom and have them respond to random question from twitter betteralternativetodeb
sometimesitsokto use weird pic to cheer your friend up 
"never underestim what the grow group of diverse, inform indi will do. wearetheleft "
just in: potu and flotu emerg from air forc one. melbourn trumpral 
itsriskyto vote for trump
".douglaseschoen: 'i'm a democrat, and I work for bill clinton, but I can't vote for hillary.'vot trump!… "
new book reveal massiv clinton/obama cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
"""boss hogg babi"
MT bodybynance: who realli stood up and fought against amnesti and obamacare? tedcruz trust  cruzcrew pjnet
"wow wowmuslim threaten “if donald trump will BE the president, WE will leav the us” trumpenmexico trumpaz "
nocybercensorship we must say what we wanna say 
imalwaysokwith kittens! 
🚨wow: yuge turnout! trump support line up for earlyvoting... hillari voter don't have energi to stand in long… 
walmart- redneckamovi midnight
igetdepressedwhen I realis I am no longer 21
they call him an extremistdo you? 
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
democrat super pac to pay for dirt on trump  polit
"jenn_abram trump just call me ""a deviant"", lol"
vote trump!! trumpforpresid
"lib want to boycott LL bean, but when starbuck call polic on peopl for support trump they were all cool. P… "
makeamovierud the good lie 
repman20260 arizonadog1 well... that' kinda creepi
ridicul articl about the electir college.  thingsyoucantignor
america gonna be an immigr state of mexico illegalamigoz
reasonstogetdivorc he/sh doesn’t love cats!
"кажется невероятным, но это черногория!в черногорском городке даниловград появились рекламные щиты с путиным и тра… "
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be critic anyway. - eleanor roosevelt iamonfir
😨😨mexican polic find van with homemad bazooka for launch drug into US 
bill clinton to campaign friday in cincinnati and columbu  polit
"trumpbecaus I never hear obama creat a job at least donaldtrump alreadi creat a lot of job and a lot of peopl work for him,"
topnew suprem court deni obama request to rehear major immigr case
.hillaryclinton is more than OK with kill thousand of peopl with more deadli weapons. 
trumpbecaus trump ha solut makeamericagreatagain 👀👂
"whatev my nigga kodak is go through, lord just help him prayforkodak "
trumpbecaus I admir hi honest and blunt in hi words. He know he is talk truth trumpforpresid
breaking: clinton email on weiner' laptop are new - not copies. 
florida man who threaten to kill trump is dnc donor and a close friend of the clinton tcot pjnet 
moody's: clinton economi would creat 10 million job  money
until it' still early. live your life to the fullest. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
trump and netanyahu have closed-door meet at trump tower  polit
the latest:  obama say no one keep democraci in 'suspense' 
"""spend it like beckham"
".realdonaldtrump says, ➡️""do the math!"" trumpforpresid "
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
eleoiscrash thi is whi i need blacklivesmatt
noos display shock driver on oklahoma highway  news
all throughout europ a new realiti is rising: entir muslim neighborhoods..' ~ geert wilder 
sickhillari spot attend operationtacobowl how nice! 
retireasongorband geriat trick
"trump: ""our compass must be for our american citizens."" phoenix "
"""america' direction"" hillari arm isi and say trump is best recruiter?  Is she kidding? anoth flub from hilla… "
"you'r not the first person to hurt me, and you'r certainli not the last."
there is one thing that we can all agre on hillari must BE stop from chang the suprem court!debate… 
islamistheproblem  pfff dit vindt ik verschrikkelijk
betteralternativetodeb sleep
hillari will probabl be veri dissapoint if her campaign come to no result hillarynothnx
"cuyahoga counti execut armond budish 'thrilled' with day one of the rnc (video): ""first day is great. we'r t...  cleveland polit"
trump take a trip to oz: darci cartoon  polit
mybedroomin3word  fight for cover 
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party' 
imvotingbecaus if I don't vote my vote will be taken by dead hillari voterswatch: mike huckabe visit some of… 
the senat reject four gun control measures! thi countri ha common sense! 2A nra 
u.s. attorney’ offic to monitor elect complaint in kansa  news
"phylli schlafly, conserv activist who help move gop to the right, die at 92  polit"
loool dat ass-swing dog 
"breaking: trump supporters, protest confront each other in baltimor "
each moment is a place you'v never been
bill clinton address hillari clinton' health  polit
clever and nice 
tweeti of versail  addcartoonstohistori midnight
trumpbecaus trump ha solut makeamericagreatagain 🌠🌠🌠
f*ck off we'r full hous maketvshowsaustralian midnight
thingsnottomicrowav microwav
"anti-trump violenc is grow at the geometr rate. the media is silent about it, becaus it' approv by you kn… "
impeach obama and keep the second amendment! wake up!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
humoritarian haha lol😆!!!  don't wear pants!! fantast joke😆
RT if you also love sister diamond and silk! 
whi won't you tell me what she said?  america
"christie, giuliani: If trump didn't pay taxes, he' 'genius' "
"16yo opera singer, jacki evancho is be bulli by liber for agre to sing at trump’ inauguration."
rest in peac to the 343 fire fighter that gave the ultim sacrifice. supremesacrificeday
know what interesting? thi scandal is go to show us some pretti big names. lot of names...they are all going… 
"never let a win go to your head, or a loss to your heart."
exclusive: fbi file link hillari clinton to the 'suicide' of white hous counsel vinc foster have vanish
"I fall for peopl too easily. I fall for their lies, their fals promis and believ they'r not like the rest."
"role reversal: bill clinton, ador spouse, in vip box at nomin  polit"
like it! 
mybedroomin3word avoid crusti sock
somedayidliketose but I can't. 
""""
trump to make appear at funer for phylli schlafli  polit
ihavearighttoknow My neighbor wifi password. get a ethernet line if it bother you that much.
the latest odd of trump win the white hous (or drop out of the race)
I won't vote for hillarybecaus she' a lie pos. makeamericagreatagain 
she wa the purest beauti but not the common kind.
fact check: trump surrog spin ‘birther’ narr  polit
"merkel spielt immer noch die roll der ""schwäbischen hausfrau"" merkelmussbleiben"
wakeupamerica thi is how corrupt obama administr is 
"midnight dumberbroadway dear evan hansen, you up?"
electionnight in a nutshel 
"there is no such thing as conversation. It is an illusion. there are intersect monologues, that is all. ~ rebecca west"
don't compar your chapter 1 to someon else' chapter 20.
watch – hillari ‘shocked’ By trump’ sex talk – forget what she said In thi 1998 video justiceforjuanita… 
the georgian on donald trump’ cabinet wish-list  |  
hard 2 believ stomach christian 4 trump!  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  
secondhandgift all those towel your mom give you everi holiday 
"admir lyon on hillari clinton - ""no way"" "
clinton cash documentari movie. everyon support her need to open their eyes! imwithh riggedsystem 
jenn_abram total agree!
thingsinventedwhilehigh devo lyric
close encount of the third degre burn summeramovi midnight
just amazing! 
there are so mani peopl who don't even know what is go on it' heartbreak nodapl waterislif 
sleepi all day 💤 💤 💤 💤 💤
"they have to chang people’ minds, not limit our right tcot prayers4california"
she' awesome!respect 
lenora fulani wa the first woman presidenti candid on the ballot nationwid in US in 1988blackwomendidthat 
"most of us probabl feel we couldn't be free without newspapers, and that is the real reason we want the newspap to be free."
realdonaldtrump not worthi person!
tucker destroy anti-trump teen vogu writer lauren duca 
reallifemagicspel kilogram erasiu so that I wouldn't have to work out to fit in a new dress
"japan rememb hiroshima, urg world to follow obama and visit  news"
10 thing you didn’t know about donald trump  news
"former fiu presid modesto maidiqu host trump fundraiser, say he' misunderstood  polit"
oooooh god! that' horrible! isisingarland
"love is like glass, It last forev but it can break easily."
I am rejecteddebatetop pll 
and I hope trump with make an exampl of himtrumpiscom 
death i'm have a stroke superoldhero midnight
elect day go vote! trumpforpresid
louisiana governor: donald trump' visit 'helpful'  polit
"""no secretari of state ha been more wrong, more often and in more place than hillari clinton"" ~ donald trump debat"
donald trump and daughter rais campaign cash In illinoi On wednesday 
epichistoryp elijah wood still look the same 😀 but a littl bit fatter 😄
"perhaps, after all, america never ha been discovered. I myself would say that it had mere been detected."
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s.… "
happybirthdaymlk
that face when you realiz   goldman sach wins!rollcallvot feelthebern demsinphilli 
If hilliari win I might go into depression. trumppence16 trumpforpresid
state is perfect without obama perfectstatein5word
"ständig muss sie ihr macht verteidigen, widersach abwehren, konkurrenten ausbooten. merkelmussbleiben"
winner stick together. tombradi makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
wonder to see the worldunit to defeat globalism!debates2016 
trump win feel like an apocalypt scenario the like of which we'v never seen in us. We *can't* let it happen. electionfinalthought
obama say it ain't sothey not gonna send ani money until their water in their home start look like that... 
obama sign execut order that ban the pledg of allegi in school around the countri 
myemmynominationwouldb the flyest man in and out of show busi bar
who will win? realdonaldtrump or hillaryclinton ! usa2016 electionday hillaryforprison2016 donaldtrumpforpresident… trumpforpresid
"3700 terrorists?!?! islamkil brussels"""
trump’ media ambit may look more like theblaz than fox new  polit
video : president-elect trump is salut by firefight as trump forc one leav new york  
anni larg hall fattenamovi
the king' paid speech richmovi
clinton campaign hold elect shop fire sale  
movemb mustbeban
the count Of mont cristo sandwich makeabookwarm midnight
liberaleduc is when you think you must go savag until you get what you want. that' what they think democrac… 
donald trump to meet with presid nieto in mexico  polit
ffrnn wakingup TO tyranni niger inni obliter race-bait uniteblu smear ON hanniti pjnet teaparti   
rejecteddebatetop scienc vs religion
No lines... I just wink...   gameshowhostpickuplin 
rose are redmi presid is blackit' time to go homeand give our countri back 
8 women accus trump of sexual harass 
"It doesn't matter if I don't succeed in something, what matter is that I learn from my mistakes."
highschooltaughtm studi get you nowher and suck cock get you wherev you want.
obama say he understand kaepernick’ protest
"elijah cummings, steni hoyer among maryland address dnc "
RT if you also want to stop such stupidity!neverhillari trump2016 
It suck when you'r ignor by the one person whose attent mean the world to you
the deadbeatl drunkband midnight
"our president, our congress, our everi singl politician must alway stand for american people! "
"the soprano """
imvotingbecaus onli 'we the people' can bring hillari to justic at the ballot box!  lockherup  trumpforpresid
realdonaldtrump it' time to stop pray and start destroy those who are tri to destroy us!
"what If ""children of god"" wa one of us? makemusicreligi"
they don't wanna make peac with anyone. they just don't care. theteaparti teapartynew 
keep calm..hillary' on her way debatenightdebates2016 
reason 84 to do all you can to make sure thi patholog liar and pander skank doe not win. ccot tcot gop 
mostli it is loss which teach us about the worth of things. - arthur schopenhau
No comment except the oscar' are racist and islam is peace! wakeupamerica impeachobama 
"break badminton"""
4wordgreatidea dunkin doughnut have doughnut lilgottalaugh heh heh heh am I right?
trump echo again by u.s. foe as hezbollah cite obama-i theme  polit
41% of berni sander support will not support hillari clinton 
"local baltimor police, protest clash; 7 offic hurt"
when you final see your homi w/ the girl he alway want &amp; deserv 
ducey endors mccain in gop primari  |  
freedom act is a littl better than patriot act. but it also bullshit patriotact
littl girl that hug hillari clinton will be alright becaus it wa hillarysbodydoubl not sickhillari 
phx to trump camp: stop use ad with PD in it 
sech verletzt nach explos in flensburg  
"shout ""kill obama"" on trump' first speech. trumpprotest notmypresid "
trumpbecaus what separ the winner from the loser is how a person react to each new twist of fate 👩‍❤️‍👩💑👨‍❤️‍👨
mynewcatchphrasei pleas don't trust Me
4 texa medic school have been expos for particip in the traffick of bodi part from abort children. 
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb  stloui"
"If you feel betray by berni after feelingthetruebern, don't join him in elect a corrupt politician. "
"I onli wish. Do not let hrc be the 3rd term for obama. He will be gone in 11 months, focu on hrc. tcot ccot gop "
putin join trump in ‘cheering’ foreign interference: clinton  polit
We must stop policebrut let’ repeat  millionhoodiemarch and wearhoodiefortrayvon
clinton vent frustrat with 'divisive' pro-trump protest  polit
"schlaue clinton hat einer frau gezahlt,damit sie ein babi kriegt und da zu trump-red mitbringt, wo es schreit!😂 "
presid obama to read mean tweet on “jimmi kimmel live” 
that` just insane!!! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
hope that final congress will creat some law not onli about law itsok2begay
can these candid go a day without spend more than $100?  betteralternativetodeb giselleevn
i'm sorri I punch you in the ball
tofeelbetteri take a glass of wine 
"jon voight: let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu hi c… "
berniesand defend rapper killermik — and slam billclinton  thatsmyboy topprog blacktwitt p2 
"mattlauerdebatequestionsmrs. clinton, whi are you on the floor? should we just call you a winner? "
poll: will you vote for trump now that christi is help shape hi immigr plan?
betteralternativetodeb prank war. 
i'm not stupid. i'm just too lazi to show how smart I am.
"when you'r play against a stack deck, compet even harder. show the world how much you'll fight for the winner circle. -pat riley"
2monthstillxmasand I still have 2 month left to find that unicorn I want for christma
iron how a jew play the role of a dumb terrorist arab 
justtoletyouknow deray shaunk antoniofrench reverantrevan trueblacknew 
some guy right in hillary' face: hillari for prison
obama endors nigerian leader' agenda for defeat boko haram  news
thi is exactli how cnn news hoax are made. fakenew 
i`m afraid of everi noise!!! reasoniamnotasuperhero
gigawalru doubl standard is what you did when you call a former governor non-political. and nation debt doubl under obama
sda: lunch money surrend  tcot tlot tgdn
our hero deserv onli the best care and shelter and they must alway be the first on benefit lists. 
here is mexican who support trump2016! He came legal and he believ american dream! 
"stopislam are you insane, obama? We don't need syria' refuge show up here in the us! islamkil"
"eva longoria ding donald trump at dnc: My father is a veteran, not a rapist demsinphilli "
"obama say more need to be done to grow wages, shrink ineq...  |  "
"If we are limit to non-assault rifles, ani invad with an ak-47 would have an easi day 2A tcot  prayers4california"
"miss america 2017: miss arkansa win crown, despit stumbl on clinton question "
new post labor day cnn poll ha trump surg jaw drop 8 point to resound lead. great news for america! 
worstpaineverin3word tweet in kashmir
hillaryclinton potu yes! trumpwinsbecaus he' not a corrupt fail politician. trumpforpresid
topnew trump to lay out what he would do in first 100 day if elect presid
chuck norris: clinton presid would ‘destroy what is left of our republic’ 
hillari clinton: 3 'appar terrorist attacks' should 'steel our resolve' 
He must be not the brightest crayon in the box 
anyway we don't need ani help from worthless potu obama and corrupt crimin clinton whereishillari 
those song that express the feel you can't say.
"nude trump statu is an 'unpermit erection,' say nyc parks' dept"
hillarysemail is still trending!!! she' done!!!!!   hillaryforprison2016   draintheswamp   end the clintoncrimesyn… trumpforpresid
look in my eye
"donald trump could join nixon 1960 club by win ohio, lose nationally: thoma sudd  polit"
twittercanbeabit amazing. you can meet and share with peopl all over the world that you'd never know otherwise. ❤
"you know you'r in the midwest when you pull up behind a car with a licens plate that say ""gop nra"""
womensmarch organ famili tie to hama terror group believ in sharia 
barack obama advis hi 2009 self In hilari jimmi fallon clip  
iamonfir chang the world start with chang how you see the world.
"obama admin: We are shocked- shocked! to find that ""refugees"" are terrorists! islamkil brussel "
the ring of fire... addasongruinamovi 
don't go chasin' water -- squirrel!!!  dogsong midnight
dem coalit man richmovi midnight
76-year-old veteran kill himself in a park lot of a hospital. We sure must accept more refuge wakeupamerica 
trump critic urg rnc to replac trump in special meet  news
No more feminist 3wordsbetterthanilovey
hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump He is!
stopislam islamkil did you know that both women
you can like my page and follow me on facebook here...  pjnet ffrnn tcot ccot tgdn wakeupamerica
MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
3wordsbetterthanilovey free pizza forev
iknewweweredoom when guy start rockin skinni jean
freedom of speech is dead and we have noth to do with that slaveryofspeech
"juanita broadrrick: ""i'v never heard one apolog for what hillari clinton did to me when she threaten me after h… "
thing have a way of come togeth whenev friend are around. –pooh
"louisiana gop reject censur of dardenne, angel for not endors vitter "
clinton visit iowa as earli vote get underway 
clinton say she is readi for debat and the ‘contact sport’ phase of the campaign  polit
don't drink the kool-aid 4wordgreatidea 
medi bayreuth verpflichtet neuen spielmach 
"frau merkel ist hat ein gefühl für strategien, deswegen sollten wir un kaum sorgen um die zukunft machen merkelmussbleiben"
"trump : ""I wa told to not bother with colorado. I wa told we had no chance. thank you!!!"" trump 43% clinton 40% "
celeb befor surgeri 
ein offizi hat bundesverteidigungsministerin von der leyen bei der staatsanwaltschaft bonn angezeigt
"ivanka trump: ""I have seen him fight for hi famili &amp; for hi employees. and now he' fight for america."" "
hundr Of chicago polic offic target drug and gun activ  
followthemoney: thi muslim realli know what he' talk about..let' be clear: most of hillari foundat don… 
nbc new fire billi bush after lewd donald trump tape air  news
"unfortunately, you'r right "
"trump withhold back from ryan, mccain in appar payback  polit"
gopdeb you know that  the voic of the republican parti is up for grabs. it' a contest right now vegasgopdeb
2A need total reform to be fulli correct gunviolenceoregon
"2025: so, presid yeezus, how are you go to fix the u. after trump got us nuked? no, we don't care about kim... timetravelerproblem"
If a train leav chicago go 40 mile an hour... rejecteddebatetop
the latest: clinton ask for time off to watch world seri 
"marin Le pen: “they kill our children, murder our policemen and slaughter our priests. wake up!”. normandi "
steinmeier kritisiert erdogan scharf. und wa sagt gabriel dazu? türkei  
"thi isn’t just anoth day, anoth dollar. it’ more like anoth day, anoth miracle."
americanhistoryisblack 
dont get attach to summer series... they are usual a failur or a 1 season deal tvlifelessonsilearn
extrem disturb video Of polic offic attack black teen At A pool parti 
hillari clinton’ three hurdl to overcom pneumonia collaps 
thingsyoucantignor fact 🤓
everi great achiev is the stori of a flame heart! happybirthdayharrytruman and thank for everyth you did for america
In case you chang your mind i'll be wait here.
worstpaineverin3word  skin graft heal
noaa scientist manipul temperatur data to make global warm seem worsewho' surprised? not me
i'm just say thi situat in baltimor wouldn't happen if we didn't have dem as presid baltimorevsrac
donald trump’ star at hollywood walk Of fame destroy  
take mine 
they are too old and not flexibl and open to new idea demdebatemiami
virginia sen. tim kaine: 'i'm proud of hillari clinton'  
can you comment on potenti isi attack in texas? texasjihad steveabc13
inhonorof your courag will go from a father to a son. thank you! 
hillari ha drop 60 elector vote in the last week alone.thi is 1980 all over again!vot trump! 
you are definit readi to becom one of the candid demdeb demndeb
"radic better not to mess with texas, obama and hillari won't help you here! "
politweec neither it' her prioriti
"A man may die, nation may rise and fall, but an idea live on.  – john F. kennedi"
"they live no a welfar our countri provid them, they don't have a job and that' whi they'r alway protesting… "
"clinton, kain to releas new tax returns, pressur trump to do the same  polit"
"If it ain't about the money don't be blowin me up, nigga I ain't gettin up if it ain't about the money"
hillari clinton' late summer swoon doesn't help trump  polit
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
facebook co-found commit $20m to help beat trump  polit
thank everyon for play rejecteddebatetopicsi love my tweeple❤️ 
"jenn_abram mashabl nahh, she won't becom the president. trump will."
ihatepokemongobecaus the good one onli come out at night 
midnight dogsong flea bird
thi shit make me sick to my stomach..whi children? wtffuckthepolic 
random scab pull   betteralternativetodeb
real fun))))) 
"everi day is a new beginning, take a deep breath and start again."
that` great!! 
RT to show your respect to all the american soldier who can't be with their famili now becaus of serv our co… 
the deke midnight maketvshowscanadian
cocknado  dickflick midnight
professor norpoth: trump still ha 87% of win novemb elect 
hillari clinton won’t say whether tim kain knew about her pneumonia  polit
unlikelydebateguest ambassador chri steven debat debatenight 
"hillari clinton support oppress of women, corrupt government, tax for middl class and send men into war "
pun and word limit hashtag  thingspeopleontwitterlik
the root directori robothiphop
finally! 
My unus prescript pill secondhandgift
yorkieyboypaul 
happybirthdaygeorgewashington law made by common consent must not be trampl on by individuals.
topvideo kain on trump and putin 
"jjmicka so, thi is how you justifi today' islam extremism?"
mexican presid like hurt by 'ill-advised' trump meet 
toavoidworki becam a tsa employ tsa (to stand around)
"main governor say he meant trump is ""authoritative"" "
topvideo kain question 'honesty' of clinton email hacker 
video : five separ fbi probe into the clinton crime syndic  
So good to be a patriotam I right?tcot pjnet maga 
mario_aliaj me everi time
"trump: ""mi admin. will immedi pursu the follow 6 measur to clean up the corrupt and special interest… "
don't know what to expect oscarhasnocolor oscar
unclesamschild realdonaldtrump trumptrain trump2016 lockherup justtweetin … 
"donald trump: ""I will bring our energi compani back, they will be abl to compete."" debat"
refuge welcom vol.2: 
your dress when your husband isn't a realli good lover letthemin 
thi woman is delud 
stop thi shit   valentinesdayin3word 
build a better life my4wordnewyearsresolut
overheardatthewishingwel pleas help me get more retweet
"potuslasttweet so, do I get to keep the plane?"
myolympicsportwouldb fat ass
peopl are veri scare isisingarland
whatiwantforchristmasin4word hillari clinton in prison 
robotbeat prezcannadi your fear of war prevent you from think
life is the flower for which love is the honey. edq lovequot
hopscotchmen. negan wa amaz in this. midnight summeramovi
"americanhorrorstori leighemerson: there is no god, but there is a santa claus!quot quot"
💥 new poll: donald trump lead hillari clinton in swing-stat north carolina 
hurrican matthew: obama declar state of emerg for florida 
honesti of bookerdogandmom . and the 1 celebr comment dog.. bookerthedogbarksdopetruth2yal thingspeopleontwitterlik
get out there and vote! - realdonaldtrump  maga trumpforpresid 
".brunelldonald: ""hillari clinton should step forward and she should calm the fear and the hurt of her peopl that… "
whatihatein5word custom who have no brain
anti-hillari clinton protest in cleveland.neverhillari 
great relationship aren't built in a day  – great relationship are built daily.
when is the first presidenti debat between hillari clinton and donald trump?  polit
 pretti girl!
thingsinventedwhilehigh airhead/pothead gari johnson' potu campaign 
lordmonett 
pro-putin parti win russian parliamentari elect  news
presid obama will be at fort lee for town hall meet 
money is the wealthi man' curtain which hide all hi defect from the world.
valentinesdayin3word eat shit die
neither polic offic nor rel of victim of recent attack on cop were invit to dnc. 
make america great again makeawishin4word 
trump land in mexico for meet with presid peña nieto  polit
"all these boyfriend doin is gettin their girl mac lipstick, victoria' secret, and uggs...i would be fine if u just got me some mcdonald"
"our veteran must receiv all the benefit they deserve, and they deserv onli the best! "
"whi doe the media alway ask ivanka trump about the way her father treat women, but never ask thi question to chelsea clinton?"
i`ll burn in hell with you! 
imwithh maga3x whi we need a wall!! trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
reports: those riot continu to throw rock at polic offic in charlott thi need to be stopped.… 
darryl glenn' statement about increas violenc is mostli false:rnc 2016 fact-check 
"class act By donald trump - send hot chocol out to press, new jerseyliber now: wow! what a racist!! whi wa… "
ihaveadreamthat everyon who call me uneduc could at least spell all the fanci word they use against me
 just have a look!
"no, no, no me no want no bullshit"
that awkward moment when rihanna forgot her umbrella.
"just have my delici herbalif shake, then off to votetrumpp  trumpforpresid "
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s."" https://t…"
thi is the fbi' disgrac comey. He cover up hi suspect' crime and refus to do hi job. So much for a publi… 
topvideo mexico' financ minist quit after trump visit 
boom! don't believ msm!trump2016neverhillarygays4trump 
manchest By the acai californiamovi midnight
"life onli come around once, so do whatev make you happy, and be with whoever make you smile."
trump mock critics: i'll accept elect result   if I win 
polic kill unarm man in north carolina where dash cam and bodi cam video are hidden from the public… 
topnew got bank? elect could creat flood of marijuana cash with no place to go
shirtless guy over 50 off beach mustbeban 
debbi wasserman schultz to resign d.n.c. post  news |  
"""I did not support the war in iraq, that is mainstream media nonsense!"" - donald trumpdebatenight debat trump"
"ahem! just so you remember, blacklivesmatter! "
"""we are go to defeat the barbarian of isi and we'r go to defeat them fast"" ~ donald trump "
"hillaryclinton , we demand you releas all of your medic record now! "
norleansdaili fuck!
"poll are 'phony,' trump insists; 'we are winning' "
sweden: muslim scream “allahu akbar” destroy church! 
rosean  maketvsexi
poppymurray 
mybedroomin3word real wooden walls! 
😳 cole beasley got blast yesterday! - cowboyswon litup 
3wordhillari unfit into officeriggedsystem riggedelect time to stop it! 
todolistbeforechristma  1. convert to christian 2. complain that secular liber
video : trump and reinc priebu share a “bro moment” as trump take the stage in florida  
fewer supervillain than the rnc.  comicconin5word midnight
"« metaphys is a dark ocean without shore or lighthouse, strewn with mani a philosoph wreck. » kant"
To be yourself in a world that is constantli tri to make you someth els is the greatest accomplishment.
meangirlsrul you need to get rid of your finger on the 3rd octoberp xoxo lindsey 
funni 4 funni footbal  watch now:   stonedcomicbook holdinmebackonitun undergroundwgn… 
одна ИЗ самых обсуждаемых тем НА саммите g20 - как все изменилось ЗА год 
toavoidworki ask a lot of question dure my monthli employe review. 1hr 30 minut worth of trivial question I knew the answer to
clinton and trump on health care polici  news
text of trump address to the nation guard associ of the unit state 
"myemmynominationwouldb for him 'could you hurry' me 'do these shoe look ok with thi dress?' him 'yes, let go' me 'i'll change'"
"« they are not onli idl who do nothing, but they are idl also who might be better employed. » socrat"
colorado cop blaze with grower perfectstatein5word 
"In reversal, trump say IS claim about obama wa sarcast  news"
"""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."" famouspresidenttrumpquot "
break bass midnight fishtv
whatiwantforchristmasin4word jaibrooks1 to fuck me
smell like spleen spirit. songshannibalwoulds
oscar is for talent  oscarhasnocolor
watch: blacklivesmatt thug attack 71 yo trump support for hold a sign!!! 
betteralternativetodeb a hashtag battl 
meangirlsrul tell you bf he must buy you a car on nationalboyfriendday
"pres. trump: ""when the media lie to people, I will never, ever let them get away with it."" trumpral"
accept from a colleg  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
voterfraud is real too. video and report!  dem will cheat
penc say clinton Is ‘most dishonest’ candid sinc nixon  polit
merkel ist in der letzten zeit jung geworden merkelmussbleiben
sen. sessions: what hillaryclinton said in leak speech disqualifi her from hold office!deb 
MT jstines3: whi vote for anyon less? vote cruz! scprimari tcot ccot trust  cruzcrew pjnet
maketvsexi  the mickey mous swinger club
iknewweweredoom when I prematur ejacul and your vibrat die
We should not allow crookedhilllari to becom our presid and to ruin our country! 
they realli be tri hard to take non-black peopl aliv 
media confirm that it wa refuge prayforosu 
give your voic to those who are censor on the internet nocybercensorship
ich will kein männer im kanzleramt! merkelmussbleiben
"slaveryofspeech no one want to becom a slave, but no one see the necess to fight for the freedom of speech"
smoke that green lantern stonedcomicbook midnight
everyon support hillari clinton is support rich of wall street to continu exploit america imwithhernow 
"""richard nixon, what he did wa child' play compar to rang of corrupt &amp; collus we'v seen through thi ad… "
mamiseelen sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
chestercitynew she is strong!
iamthankfulfor my babi yesica. forev my number one ❤️ onlyesica
"I may not be perfect, but at least i'm not fake."
"noth is perman in thi wick world, not even our troubles.  – charl chaplin"
you have no life of your own… so you copy...
reclaimdawg exactli my point here
donttellanyonebut I love anim onli when you cook them
"trump, committe rais $90m, fall behind clinton  polit |  "
never apolog for be who you are.
penc to campaign in arizona on tuesday  polit
EU ist noch ganz jung wesen und merkel sieht viel mehr al wir merkelmussbleiben
"obama' illegal, unconstitut right for illeg aliens! RT  noamnesti tcot ccot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
unlikelymagic8ballansw ask the magic meatbal instead.
ksnt new polit analyst discuss day 3 of dnc as polit all star take the stage  news
ilove__butihate__ 1. the white half of barack obama  2. the black half of barack obama  cah sorri I couldn't resist
gop congressman: trump-l loss might give conserv ‘leverage’  polit
stick a fork into a socket myrashdecis
absenc of clear water is still a thing in flint 
"everyth happen for me, not to me. – byron kati"
young lover 
californiamovi mr. hollywoodcock midnight
realdonaldtrump they are liars!
my4wordnewyearsresolut actual lose some weight lazypeopleproblem
"pull the string, and it will follow wherev you wish. push it, and it will go nowher at all."
but that' realli funni 
"idontneedacostumebecaus i'll just take my pitbul with me, so everyon is scare"
businessinsid He got great experi - don't you mess with donald trump
AP fact check: clinton on job 
"kirkpatrick, mccain debate: senat candid trade jab over support for clinton, trump  polit"
"hamtramck-wascatholic,nowmuslim.1stmuslim majorityuscity.dirti waterflint2rid rgovernor.michigan=democrat muzz trojan horse? wakeupamerica"
brock turner releas from jail after serv half of six-month sentenc in stanford sexual assault case 
"obama start racism, a trump campaign chair claim  polit"
"""other peopl fight for me club"
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""imvotingbecaus trump can shake up our polit and reviv the economy"""
"north carolina gop offic damag by firebomb, graffiti  news"
"berniesand rail against the propos dapl, vow to stand with nativ american and activist who protesting… "
"absence, that common cure of love."
iamonfir what is it all about?! 
jame garfield
"even if black peopl own black people, all white peopl are racists, right?blacklivesmatt "
hillari clinton say she’ ‘readi to come out of the woods’. 🙄
obama disregard senate’ existence… vow To move ahead On bill without…  pjnet tcot ccot 
wife of tim kain to campaign for hillari clinton in atlanta  | 
".realdonaldtrump: ""block fund for sanctuari cities.."" 👏👏trumpenmexico phoenix "
"iknewweweredoom I said to her, ""just relax, don't get so emot about it' mansizedthumb "
"If somebodi wait for patriot act to prove to be resultful, I want to remind you that it wa approv 14 year ago patriotact"
batmaaaaaan... stonedcomicbook midnight
"don't kid yourselv folks, both democrat candid are communist tri to grab power! demdebatemiami"
thi patriot act hasn't lessend the number of terrorist attack at all surveillanceday
nobodi care what you did last summer insultingmovi
"airstrik by the us-l coalit reportedli kill 40 civilian in marea, n.aleppo "
realdonaldtrump nytim nevermind! they'r afraid of realli strong lead
peopl start to wake up!hillarysemail 
merkel ist ein kanzlerin zum anfassen merkelmussbleiben
neal of fortun athleticstvshow
"union teachers, other worker rally, urg vote for clinton and mcginti "
hillary' 5 fbi lie which fbi director comey ignoredmust share video 
"I can`t chang the direct of the wind, but I can adjust my sail to alway reach my destin"
"mayor giuliani on wikileak revelations: ""that' not just bribery, that' sell out the nation interest of the… "
iran ransom confirmed! US wouldn’t let iran take $400 million til prison releas  
philippin presid threaten to curs out obama. obama call him a ‘color guy.’  polit
"obama visit a baton roug heal from storm, shoot  polit"
donald trump: bill clinton wa a predat  polit
it' time to say thank you to all deleg at rncincle! you are true patriots!trumpiswithy america!!! 
"trump: ""you cannot obtain legal status...bi illeg enter our country""trumpaz "
MT jstines3: whi vote for anyon less? vote cruz! scprimari tcot ccot trust  cruzcrew pjnet
hillari can't even rememb who is donald trump. hillarysmemori 
 parrot and hi laser pointer
"hous gop plan vote on iran, spend and block obama regul "
imtoooldfor get up if I don’t want
"topnew californian cut water use in may, ahead of mandatori reduct"
 kim' face befor she wa famou
hillari tri (unsuccessfully) to hack a turnstyle.  hackinghillari 
break lapd offic shot and wound at south l.a. hous project 
new crime mcdonald' owner to be sentenc for run pot ring (jsonline) 
elect day promis to be a marathon  news
A come era of civil disobedience?   via 3tags_org pjnet
a 6 pack of beer  lastminutegifts2016
"yeah, realli bright guy))) "
'all throughout europ a new realiti is rising: entir muslim neighborhoods..' ~ geert wilder 
trump' tempera question  polit
"emmi 2016: 'game of thrones,' 'veep' and anti-trump jab domin "
clinton to stress american exception in ohio 
topnew mayor of small pennsylvania town censur for compar obama and famili to ape
"thi is for us. and when you read that constitut and the found fathers, they intend thi to stop tyranny.  pray…"
car are awesome! 
thi is how racism look 
harlighquinn can you prove it?
imtoooldfor batman shampoo 
"the worst condit hillari clinton suffer from isn't pneumonia, it' dishonesti "
A touch Of sin makeamoviehillari 
Be good to peopl my4wordnewyearsresolut
love that! 
I am fulli readi to enjoy the clever line up the night' broadcast with suggest for athleticstvshows... 
"day 3 of the gop convention, in photos:  "
rejecteddebatetop superheroes' uniform 
"trump jr. say obama plagiar hi quote, but he borrow it from obama, both presid bush  polit"
ksnt news’ polit analyst recap day one of rnc  news
blackmet   commerci   funni  
"grüne wollen schweinen und rindern ""ein stimm geben"". ich mag tiere, aber da ist total blödsinn..."
"trump: 'obama wa born in the unit states, period' "
"liber promis you everyth free. but, what we can promis you is of higher value. It call freedom!trump2016 "
"frank russo, former cuyahoga counti auditor, move to prison with medic facility: former cuyahoga counti auditor fran…"
.kellyannepolls: talk about a rig system is import when your oppon ha use the state dept as a concie… 
thi is a bit old but yeah.....suddenli the real motiv behind polici differ are come into light blm 
saa gener rami riad rahmoun kill in US airstrik south of deirezzor citi yesterday. 
i’m sure that NY sheriff is right guns4ni
"koch brothers’ network focus on gop senate, not trump  news"
bill clinton say 'make america great again' Is just A racist d...  |  
A lion in winter in the southern hemispher summeramovi
tfw everybodi tell you that noth can stop trump from becom potus. notmypresid electoralcolleg 
for I am fear and wonder made.
thingsicanneverresist be a nobel peac prize win arm dealer. 
cnn vs. the truthso dishonest! 
"there are 3 type of basebal players: those who make it happen, those who watch it happen,"
wir werden unseren erfolgreichen weg in der europapolitik weitergehen merkelmussbleiben
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari collaps build
when they kill yota andthatswhenistartedcri
key
"We need a strong leader who know what common peopl need, not a liber who live in a fantasi world gopdebatesc"
"stone lord, greenmora, crack rock-et racoon, grewt, dab the destroy in guardians, of like, the galaxi mannn. midnight stonedcomicbook"
my5wordnewyearmotto make america great again again
it’ not about religion but about gun control!  gunviolenceoregon
 bubbl into pizza?
the men who creep at goat redneckamovi midnight
brussel islamkil the first duti of our govern is to keep our countri safe
makemehateyouinonephras what do you mean we should split the bill?
wakeupamerica all hillari care about is get more money for her boss soros. stop buy her fairi tale about… 
sometimesitsokto retweet a recurs tweet about how sometimesitsokto post about how sometimesitsokto post... that. http…
oscarnom He awok at night and pray for hi ummah until hi ankl swelled. oscarformuhammad
omarosa name trump' director of african-american outreach  polit
sie hat große erfahrung al kanzler merkelmussbleiben
what now? I just can't figur it out.
probabletrumpstweet joe biden told me the red phone wa for call to santa. great guy!
"trump up 11 point in indiana; clinton cruis in colorado, virginia  polit"
'I think angela merkel made a tragic mistak with the migrants.' ~ donald trumpmunich 
trumpcampaignslogan white hous need to be repainted. In gold.
love and kind clinton style. basketofdeplor 
"u.n. human right chief say trump, other fan prejudic  news"
contend brace for scottish weather: open championship contend brace for harsh scotti...  cleveland sport
thi is a perfect logo for the 2017 womensmarch 
black panther beret though! staywok format sb50 beyonc
howtoloseyourjob show up w/ a tie on casual friday. just a tie
trumpbecaus It doesn`t hurt to get more educ 🍷😻
congrat man! realli pretti babi you have there 
iknewweweredoom the moment I met her.
sometimesitsokto not keep your promis
fallon face social media backlash after trump interview  news
It end in a monthtcotpjnet maga 
"""I will not rest until children of everi color in thi countri are fulli includ in american dream""nakedtrump "
demndeb We wast too much money on ME war and we still can't stop  demdeb
man injur after fall from scaffold In lawrencevil  news
unload gift card  lastminutegifts2016
most of elder homosexu are veri good at parent gaylovematt
Be sure not to watch debatenight on cnn.. We are done watch anti-trump propaganda!!retweet if you think th… 
neverforget how hillari clinton who is in 'perfect health' left 9/11 ceremoni due to a 'medic episode' 
"whyimgangsta coz I had 12 bros, we control the crowd, I bash the market near the templ and then one of my boy betray me"
philippin leader threaten to curs out obama; obama call him 'color guy'  polit
how do soldier killin each other solv the world' problem? inhonorof
here' 5 mil 3wordsbetterthanilovey
trump say he’ll Be tough on breach after tax leak  polit
memor line from the dnc' open night  polit |  
our polic is helpless! baltimorevsrac
hashtag game is pointless makemehateyouinonephras
appeal court will not block friday' do-ov elect for 78th district state rep race in st. loui  stloui
"misalign stuff, when you'r an oc. thingsyoucantignor"
thi sentiment: 
songshannibalwoulds lanc spleen.
georg michael - freedom! '90  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
happybirthdayharrytruman action are seed of fate. seed grow into destini
"leav child at home over holiday to deal with burglars. come back to a well-rounded, non-traumatis boy. todolistbeforechristma"
dickflick thi is one of the most retard thread to ever trend . bunch of idiot . get some class .
andylassn  just if you don't know he wa shot by black cop! It ha noth to do w/ white privileg &amp; race
happi mondaymorn 
"brussel syrian are not our problem, and there' no doubt some ""refugees"" are isi islamkil"
"becaus we are all one when we forgiv other we forgiv ourselves, which is the first step in the heal process."
oezlemtopcu wie schätzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
who let the cat out? dogsong midnight
"RT if you also think that hashtags, prayer &amp; candl won't stop islam terrorism! munichprayformunich "
russian televis show what kremlin think of clinton  news
"trump to open florida outposts, includ one across from massacr site  polit"
twittercanbeabit enslaving...
hard day nightswim   addasongruinamovi 
foke rod stewart say hi 'friend' donald trump 'isn't made to be president'  foke
ant/dec are shite offendeveryonein4word
MT gcustomer99: pray for peac and wisdom for tedcruz and hi campaign.  cruzcrew pjnet
"foke hillari clinton 'kept blood clot secret from her staff', say doctor  foke"
I have the most random munchi time
worstpaineverin3word ban from roblox
help us auditthevot and stop trump! nyc!  
the quran 02:83 “be good to orphan and the needy. speak nice to people. and help the poor.” oscarformuhammad
"40 year of polit and war crimes.""hillari clinton - your friendli neighborhood criminal"" "
obama refus to survey the louisianaflood but send a memo tell la. peopl to not be racist. the worst potus!
i'm gonna love you  america
ireallylikeyoubut i'm play
icantbeurfriendbecaus your built like a shop cart
"istandfordiversitymeet robert byrd (d-wv), hillary' mentor and kkk recruiter. "
dalla polic applic up 344% sinc fatal shoot of five officersbluelivesmatt 
"trump children' role blur line between transition, compani  "
"while khan talk peace, trump tweet against him  polit |  "
"Д. трамп заявил, что сша должны брать нефть в ираке, таким образом вырывая ее из рук игил "
someth to think about...someth to consider! RT  stopislam dianesori tcot makedclisten wakeupamerica
trump campaign detail civil right agenda from detroit speech  polit
I have a tip that can take 5 stroke off anyone' golf game. it' call an eraser. -arnold palmer iamonfir
I have noth to add..nic nice06 prayfornic 
"miley cyru said ""trump degrad women""well... "
how mani PA worker lost their job due to obama' destruct policies? help mr. trump fix it. rt! trumppence16 
kind in word creat confidence. kind in think creat profoundness. kind in give creat love.
"gun turn you boy into pussies, sex chang  – lil wayn"
imtoooldfor trampolin park
"axelmojav smart move, those black need to be control by the gov "
"I can't go back to yesterday, becaus I wa a differ person then"
rutger scholar: trump wouldn't be the first sore loser. think nixon 1960 | opinion 
gameoverro mayb it' too provoc but still the left today want to elimin all who disagre with them and who pay for them. ironi
makeabookwarm by jizz on the page
.sentomcotton: the clinton foundat may be the world' largest money launder and influence-peddl operation… 
obamalegaci the best 'goodbye' america will ever say 
"4 dead, 12 wound In chicago shoot wednesday "
"ein vernünftig urteil ist es auf jeden fall, nur muss es auch umgesetzt werden!flüchtling einreisen visa"
"""elect fraud wikileaks"" banner loom over jospeh biden at the demsinphilly👏👏 "
"If donald trump win debate, stock like to tank  via news "
sometimestwittermakesm want to strip
miss teen usa perfectli repres racist and ignor america 
got a puppy! there s gonna be a huge bulldogg!
thi infowar live broadcast is gold! maga trumpforpresid
"crosby, stills, nash, and old.  retireasongorband"
hillaryclinton trump alway ha time to meet with the police! bluelivesmatt 
"trumpbecaus he will protect our borders, strengthen our military, negoti smart trade deal realdonaldtrump"
"may: ""weiter terroranschlag sehr wahrscheinlich""   london"
"""obama doesn't feel our pain ... let him go off into the sunset on hi golf cart."" -judgejeanin "
"islamkil first paris, now brussels. when will thi stop prayforbrussel brussel"
how liber can justifi support hillari clinton? they are clearli out of their mind 
ifihadanickelfor everi time hillari clinton disavow the father of confirm terrorist I would have 0. 
space cop richmovi
whi gun control?becaus arm peopl will not willingli load themselv into railroad boxcars!disarmh 2A 
trump 'gold card' now 65% off  polit |  
lifewouldbebetterif I had my own christian grey
"hillaryclinton trump trumppence16 trump2016 donaldtrump uselections2016 twitter exit poll, who did U vote for? trumpforpresid"
congressin5word govern by the worst person 
"türkei zieht list verdächtig deutscher firmen zurückdi liste, die es gar nicht gibt, wird jetzt zurückgezogen"
csi: wisconsin cowtv midnight
want to be president? show us how you’d handl a disaster. betteralternativetodeb 
the four shock top midnight drunkband
and he' doin thi in a spongebob shirt 
reasonstogetdivorc I love my alcohol more than him 
whyimgangsta 
3wordsbetterthanilovey you are different. 
"reasonstoprotest  My countri can feed 10k syrian refugees, but can't take care of 50k homeless veterans… "
the presid is the one who can stand up for america. hillari can't stand at all. 
"demdeb sad that some peopl will vote for hillary, no, realli sad demdebatemiami "
:-d i´ll tri thi one and when they call your name stand up and start award win speech thingstodoinawaitingroom 
i'm in the mood to cuddl for like 3 day straight.
there are mani latino who support trump' immigr policies. but dishonest media will never show this! 
ihatepokemongobecaus 
morabitolee6 hello and thank for the follow! let' maga!
newhampshirefortrump trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
clinton justic vs guccif justice. that' what we mean when say that system is rigged!
"hey, potus! start feed your toyota warrior with your belov gmo instead of us! "
"obamaslegacy: ""presid must not retali against critics."" - set an exampl "
sie ist ein frau merkelmussbleiben
white hous say obama found 2005 trump video ‘repugnant’  polit
the walk Z midnight      maketvshowscanadian
top trump campaign aid fire  polit
"trump campaign, rnc conven hispan outreach effort  polit"
"we’r focus on blacklivesmatt not becaus other live don’t, but becaus our judici system doesn’t know that htt…"
islamkil truli shock and sadden by the event in brussel thi morning. thought and prayer are with everyon
tonimorrison: At some point in life the world’s...quot quot life beauti quoteoftheday
jordan' rebrand islamist seen stage elect comeback 
I wish these ad were on air 
the bloomberg polit vice presidenti debat post show  polit
donald trump' 'the art of the deal' well worn page and a bookmark made from a chapter 7 court filing. secondhandgift
fbi may releas clinton e-mail investig report wednesday: cnn  polit
"the secret of life is honesti and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you'v got it made.  – groucho marx"
"mental I am readi for christmas, financi I am not readi for christma"
boom💥trump lead in florida and north carolina in earli voting!gettysburg 

need to find out who paid for that chines wall probabletrumpstweet
sometimestwittermakesm think my joke are either realli funni or hate crime
dnc live: convent speaker prais clinton for 9/11 help  polit
beer is proof god love us and want us to be happi 🍻🍻🍻
michel obama to campaign for clinton at La sall today 
"how mani straight, white men were nomin for essenc black women in hollywood awards? oscarhasnocolor"
politico polit paul ryan to urg conserv unity: He is to address the heritag actio...  uniteblu tcot
"valentinesdayin3word singles, miseri day"
"you are what you do, not what you say you'll do."
i'v learn that someth construct come from everi defeat. -tom landri
honorforthebrav crimin  kill by the polic total deserv it
what a surprise: peopl who immigr legal in the US are against illegals!
earth is not flat reasonstoprotest
icelebratetrumpwith appli for presid in 2020 sinc pretti much everyon can becom one
rnc day 4: trump becom nomine  polit |  
blacklivesmatt 
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clarkedemsinphilli rollcal 
"putin: ""I hear democrat lost the hous and senat as well. did we do that too?"" "
2ndamendmentday celebr the right of peopl to protect themselv
"15,000 newli discov hillari clinton emailsperjuri &amp; obstruction?hillarysemail "
let' get medicalepisod trending! hillari clinton' health is now offici an issue! trump2016 
tcot pjnet 
I bet he simpli ignor them 
dr. ben carson and hi wife are role model for everi american!🇺🇸w are proud to have you! 
"politweec why, he wa a good actor despit everyth"
my4wordnewyearsresolut  magtitipid na ako. promise.
obama in la vegas: trump’ ‘rigged’ talk mean ‘he’ losing’  polit
neverhillari protest at dncinphl We need to wake up! 
merkelserfolge: merkel hat bundeswehr zur freiwilligenarme gemacht. mein lob!
iamonfir We all have a stori to share. listen to everi story. learn from everi story. share everi story.
macaroni “art” or “jewelry”  lastminutegifts2016
don't ask what mean of life is. you defin it. quot true
gopdeb stop dem from get our countri broke! gop to the wh! vegasgopdeb
that moment you see someth hilari while drive 😂😂😂😂😂 
"iamonfir sometim the onli way to solv your problem is to chang the way you see it, not the problems."
guid flight birdtv midnight
how mani must die in gun free zone befor we learn?:  2A tcot teaparti rednationris pjnet shutdown
the mari tyler show more maketvsexi
"joebiden biden :-) nation briefs: slain girl said she would sneak to see ""boyfriend,"" nei...  uniteblu tcot"
"muslim can onli destroy, kill and rape! they will never welcom or help a singl christian! "
barbra streisand say she will move to australia if trump becom president. get them out! 
best state is where you are 😍 perfectstatein5word
world' biggest looser hillary4prison 
"""der islam gehört zu deutschland."" merkelmussbleiben"
"In dramat reversal, cruz to vote for trump  news"
mynewcatchphrasei who shit on my waffles?!?!
when your friend make plan without you:
"fade away, the night is call my name"
"anger, hatr and jealousi never solv problems, onli affection, concern and respect can do that."
hillary: first they donat 2 clinton found &amp; onli then do you meet!do any1 still wonder whi she sit at home? 
the media &amp; celeb push hillari clinton for president..but regular peopl are not buy these lie ani more!… 
r-e-s-p-e-c-squirrel! dogsong midnight
"were wonder whi ""often confused"" hillari haven't mess up at commanderinchiefforum? earpiece! she wa cheating! "
liberallog at it finest. mayb they'r scare of gun caus there  are so mani darwin award nomine among them? 
"when it is obviou that the goal cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.  – confuciu"
So accurate!libtard 
watch: tim kaine' donald trump imperson at dnc 2016
.realdonaldtrump outlin the end illeg immigr act. gettysburg 
possibl shooter report in build 26 at naval medic center san diegoprayforsandiego 
scandal hit the secretservice!! serviceofnosecret
"ich habe gestrn sooo viel pizza gegessen, heut muss sport machen! 😂 art sonye3 "
allwentwrongwhen I wa born ugli
familien sind da fundament unser gesellschaft merkelmussbleiben
braveheart_usa patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
A lie I didn't have to tell becaus we both know where i'm about to go
.hillaryclinton: 'it wa a mistake' to have a person email accountoh really? 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm insultingmovi rulesforwomensmarch michellelegaci abc2020 
but still milo' futur book' sale skyrocketedi hope truth and free speech will win 
iamthankfulfor my forev babi
ilove__butihate__ 
guess! We won't be fool again fashionsong midnight
miranda01013829 great initiative! that can make a differ to street violence! 
liber watchdog group to ask ir to investig trump foundation’ polit gift  polit
love doe thing for reason that reason cannot understand. –joe (the princess diari 2)
i'm sorri if trump think that nastywoman look like that 
senatorshaheen whi are you keep silenc about water contamin in the american falls?!
"thank you, hillary, for take women further  "
"someon get 15, just anoth day"
.judgejeanine: 'bill &amp; hillari clinton are the bonni &amp; clyde of american politics' 
black santa is the greatest! 
one flew over the cuckoo' state       californiamovi
my2017resolut trigger them all 
well done is better than well said.
"""I want to close the dutch borders. My constitu don't want more refugees."" ~ geert wilder "
kany west be kany west 😂 would you buy one? 
"""at the end of 4 years, I guarante you, that I will get over 95% of the african american vote."" ~ donald trump "
reasonstoprotest have no job
votetrumpsaveamerica  hillaryforprison2016  I hope trump win !! trumpforpresid
addcartoonstohistori 
when you'r not a part of blm 
state say it will not allow refuge in texa without secu...  |  
"it funni how muslim shouldn’t be blame for the radic 10%, but white peopl are all person respons for the 1.6% who own slave"
kellyann conway on accus that trump lied: ‘A lie would mean that he knew.’  polit
imalwaysokwith free sampl
"for obama, a swan song on global stage in final UN speech "
"4 peopl were kill in a shoot at a mall in burlington, washington..but obama said gun free zone are safe🤔 "
politweec he' bitch
floridain5words: trump now lead in florida 🌴🌞🇺🇸cnn poll: trump now lead in ohio and florida 
watch chelsea confirm that hillari want to extend obamacar to illeg immigrants..obamacareinthreewords: wann… 
what can we say about hillari clinton? she' a terrif liar! 
reasonstogetdivorc dealbreak shutitdown 
neverhillari  trumpforpresid
2016 wall calend  lastminutegifts2016
billcosbi hi case wa dismiss
need vs want
valentinesdayin3word netflix and chill
gun N' cirrhosi drunkband midnight
polit countdown: 100 day until the gener elect
make america safe again. stop crimin who are divid us like obama and clinton! trumppence16 
thi man deserv more respect than our current presid who is readi to protect all jihadis. 
chrisrock race racism stopracism2015 usa us america 
brutal of russian lose empir rememb as they tri
battl with isi take place on twitter isiswatchingy
I refus to see clinton as president. show me when she care about america outsid of vote season. wheresberni imnotwithh screw
"charliecalley63 miraclechild I don't know what' your problem with the bibl is but i'm not your psychologist, ok?"
"trump: ""must take the money we use for refuge and use it to help poor americans."" americafirst maga "
my2017biggesthop to ride my convert whenev the fuck I want 
"topvideo ""he' an interest guy"": obama on dutert "
the latest: trump again critic fallen veteran' father  polit
songmakesmetearup- In My vein by andrewbelle❤️
watch live: trump in mexico to meet presid pena nieto  news
No wonder lib hate VP penc for hi success 32 year marriageliberallog 
"mattlauerdebatequest mrs. clinton, wa it your idea to blackmail american women or medeleine's? "
"there is no reason to put your thumb up, shitlary! benghazi "
"If you do not chang direction, you may end up where you are heading.  – lao tzu"
trump' american legion speech contrast sharpli with clinton'  polit
hospitalhillari sign spot near  hospit in lo angeles.hillaryshealth 
"My icepick will do yo liver harm, have u screamin in the back of the club louder than lil jon  – lloyd bank"
breaking🚨 soro paid blacklivesmatt $650k to push hi sick agenda &amp; influenc election!sorosleak 
lastminutegifts2016 lotteri ticket
get her! trumppence16 benghazi nbcnewsforum hillaryearpiec hillary4prison 
cnn’ tom foreman caught ly in trump-refuge ‘fact check’ 
searchesgoogleisashamedof easter day bitless download free
istartcryingwhen i see crazi trump fan 
not without my uber californiamovi
devil insid job conspiracysong
emanuel doubt trump will cut fund for sanctuari citi  
iamthankfulfor my babi brother
2016 rnc guide: what to watch on day 2  polit
"Es ist frau merkel nicht egal,wi es so viel glauben! ""merkel spricht opfern der messerattack mitgefühl aus"" cdu "
wikileaks' assang signal releas of document befor u.s. elect  news
"10 more west nile, 2 more zika case confirm in louisiana "
it’ still happening: nypd plaincloth cop stop and frisk black teen for stand on sidewalk… 
hillari clinton hold slight lead in new ohio polls: ohio polit roundup  polit
wal-mart peopl mustbeban 
alternativeacronyminterpret wtf – whi the friendzone? 
hope it will end with crimin charg against the former secretari of state and we'll final see her in prison! 
jvr is get into the zone. tmltalk 
midnight cowtv mooooon light
jacksoncitypost thi case is so fuck crooked!
icelebratetrumpwith new word 
alway and never are two word you should alway rememb never to use.
"the world is chang by your example, not by your opinion."
skeptic trump get 1st classifi intellig brief 
"durbin, davi to introduc anti-viol bill to address childhood trauma  …"
accord to an fbi sourc major of staff on clinton case want her prosecuted. hillaryforprison 
honorforthebrav thank to all those offic who die protect us from crimin
what polit pro thought of clinton' histor dnc 2016 speech  polit
jacquelinisbest hillari sponsor terrorist and is under more than 3 investig and peopl still believ her crookedhillari
funni black metal commerci from finland 
"""clinton' failur to rememb anyth is not a qualiti you want to see in a president"" ~ dr. ben carson "
reuters: russia had about a half dozen tank at an airfield
sherribergan pig4801kj wcwinc sawmilltat ujblack bfsotto wakeupamerica unitedwestand usa 2A
A tree shape air freshen  lastminutegifts2016
bigli chew candyceleb midnight 
orang is the new black key addabandtoatvshow
"whatev I do, look like crap!"
my4wordnewyearsresolut   thi year: no resolut
charg for salt 😑 
"'littl doubt' russia behind dnc hack, US offici say  |  "
trump aid admit split within gop campaign  polit
dad' are awesome. ye america black dad do exist.
islamkil refuge are not welcom in MY country! stopislam
clinton offer plan to prevent 'excessive' drug price hike 
"even more ashley madison data, includ ceo e-mails, dump onlin"
donald trump ha my vote.electiondayin5word
breakingsever shot in deadli austin 'activ shooter incident' austinshoot 
music in real life: west side stori 💪 (probabl not so tough xd) 
A real friend tell it like it is.
baltimorepost good news
timetravelerproblem coca-cola. .... mc donalds.... google...... wal-mart..... what do I start work on first???
like the music! 
offici dismiss trump' assert about nfl and debat  sport
"topnew conquer rivals, defi odds, trump captur republican nomin"
hillari clinton lead trump in nbc new poll  news
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r a hoe
hillari clinton hope for 'bounce' after well-choreograph convent  polit
addasongruinamovi diadelaconstitucion  
"whi can't the media talk about the real issues, the fraud, the lies, and the scandal of hillari clinton?? "
betteralternativetodeb threesom
I feel safe unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
2016electionin3word america is fucked.
8biggest date fail ever   robothiphopِ batesmotelِ dwtsِ lhhatlِ wrestlemaniaِ cavsِ eddi lackِ joe inglesِ
breaking🚨 terror attack IN london - mass stabbing!guess what religion did that! 
"i'll give you valid reason whi syrian refuge are not welcome. look up sharia law.. look up ""no go zones"" in europ islamkil"
"trump' message: make america great againhillary' message: stronger togetheron say everything, the other sai… "
"she doesn’t care about a nation tragedy, is that even real we can have a potu with a low morality? neverforget "
die cdu tritt für ein lebenswert heimat überal in deutschland ein merkelmussbleiben
break : over 40 illeg arrest for tri to vote in california 
suspect member of guatemalan famili drug cartel extradit to u. 
"donald trump, ryan locht and the polit of contrit"
just danc 2017
you want american die from potenti terrorists? I don't islamkil stopislam
hillari clinton is not fit into the office. she is mental ill and a criminal. put her into asylum or prison! 
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
godzilla' not dead  japanamovi midnight
"the darwin award committe called, they got an award name after blacklivesmatt "
death toll climb from boko haram massacr in nigeria resid of northeastern town…  Mo tcot sioa muslim
"you have to understand mr.obama: that' hi last chanc to play a golf, then he'll have to find a real job "
serv and help other out of compass is non-viol in action.
"they are tell us their intentions, and have been. wakeupamerica "
watch: muslim scream ‘allahu akbar’ in policeman’ face &amp; abus him!outrageous😡 
"I wa look for the one, but now i'm feel dumb for think it wa you"
the joker' wild cherri addabandtoatvshow
An ultra-liber teacher hous muslim refuge and paid an ultim price - hi life!!! never trust muslims! 
you'v got to fall a few time befor you get to the top.
'I am so sick and tire of all thi scandal w/ the clintons. wherev they go there' dirt.' ~ judgejeanin 
it' not work anymore. look forward for liber protest against reality.trumppresid 
stopislam did you know that both women
abc nightli nude  maketvsexi
2ndamendmentday it' human natur to start take thing for grant again when danger isn't bang loudli on the door.
дональд трамп называл обаму основателем игил.  
"not friends, not enemies. just some stranger with some memories."
it' a piti that our govern doe everyth to ruin our state. happi independenceday
"all might be free if they valu freedom, and defend it as they should - samuel adam pjnet tcot"
cat be attent whore 
daili reminder: hillari get million from countri that enslav women! 
clinton will win elect accord to 'redskin rule' 
Oh god! thank you i`m okay there is phosphoru in american falls! phosphorusdisast
It is the love of countri that ha light and that keep glow the holi fire of patriotism.  ~j. horac mcfarland
ein terroristisch hintergrund wird von den beamten ausgeschlossen. konstanz 
obamaswishlist to sit on hillari futur place
never apolog for what you feel. it' like say sorri for be real. ihq
wtf did I just see? 
obama drop hi summer playlist  |  
US sailor get 1 year of prison for be reckless w/ 6 photo of subhillari get away w/ 33k emails..deb 
It doesn't make anyon surpris 
"obamalegaci rioting, lelction rsult recounts, death threat to all who disagree, blame everyon els for own fa… "
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
betteralternativetodeb be grab by the pussy.
thingsyoucantignor my mom when she think it' time to talk about my futur
say imwithh equal ihatemycountryandwantitdestroy
I think I love you makesexawkwardin5word
"outrageous! blacklivesmatt protest harass by a white guy in a gorilla mask w/ bananas, rope, and a confeder… "
the word that enlighten the soul are more preciou than jewels.
"sototg appar a famou actor. he' really, realli famous! lol"
"retweet if you also thing that trump' speech wa veri straight, strong &amp; presidential!trumpsmexicotripsay "
can we trust the govern that can't protect it' people? islamkil brussel
fact check: night 2 of democrat convent  |  
"camdencitynew cellphone, gp data place man at scene of cousin' death, document say"
gimm that choco bar and go away!
"update🚨christoph craig, the ""utah jihadist"", caught by polic after bomb threat at elementari school! "
how come they don't call it chestma? asthma health
"newt gingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" "
what a crime. mybedroomin3word 
trumpbecaus he is unlik hillari 👮🏿👮🏻👮
hillari clinton' campaign descend on ohio amid new talk of email probe: ohio polit roundup  polit
"clinton to start fli W/ press corp next week, campaign say  polit"
barstool duel  betteralternativetodeb
popularity:  did you notic that everyth connect with trump attract huge crowd! trumptow 
obama still want to work with philippine' dutert  polit
thi doggi love thrash to death metal 
donald trump promis netanyahu to recogn jerussalem as israel' capit trump 
"ever sinc I met you, nobodi els is worth think about."
midnight spirit away in a manger addasongruinamovi
merkel hat die zahl der arbeitslosen reduziert merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
garri mccarthi
"I fall for peopl too easily. I fall for their lies, their fals promis and believ they'r not like the rest. ihq"
I couldn't say it ani better. 
"clinton campaign tweak trump again over tax returns, thi time in video featur trump himself  polit"
trump advis and alli struggl with deport specif  polit
howtoloseyourjob 
nice tri sisters! it' a shame you'v failed. hope your husband didn't beat you to death after that! 
midnight foam finger- sexysport
there are educ idiot and there are educ smart peopl
ajc poll: hillari clinton ha slim lead over donald trump i...  |  
"good job, man! "
"soooo, who want to be with a millionaire? gameshowhostpickuplin"
whatihatein5word crook hillari rotten clinton bitch
We all waiting! hillaryshealth 
thank crookedhillari for make ppl hate the police. 3 more cop dead. support trump = support the law. trump2016 
speak the evil. So powerful. blacklivesmatt 
RT if you also don't want a presid bow to the terrorists!trumpsacrific 
car are awesome! 
"they fought for our homeland, but they don’t have a home now. how can that even be possible? "
"american peopl are sick and tire of talk about your damn email berniesand , hell yeah demdeb demndeb"
cleveland cop photograph aim gun at two unarm black women at scene of car accident..😡😡😡 absolut no respect 
2017survivaltip don't tri to talk about brexit
watch: muslim man instruct on love relations!i want everi feminist to watch thi video! spread it please! 
"ein entscheidend moment ist eingetreten, wir all müssen sagen merkelmussbleiben"
ketel one direct  drunkband midnight
reasonstogetdivorc 2 words: man bun
"via patriotupdate: thi meme depict the ugli truth liber don’t want To admit to, about mass shoot  tcot"
"al-aqsa mosqu address: Oh allah, blow Up the capit and plane of u.s.but liber keep say muslim are 'pea… "
A mistak is simpli anoth way of do things.
vaccinateu it' a chanc to get protect 4 free.
everyday i wake up is a new opportunity. forget what happen yesterday. wakeupamerica forget quot
happi nationaldogday from donald trump! 
tweetsfrom10yearsago how is betti white still alive? midnight
shoot in san bernardino kill at least 14
it’ amaz what you can accomplish if you don’t care who get the credit happybirthdayharrytruman 
tri to stay aliv rulesforeverydayliv
"spiegelonlin ein ander urteil, wenn es wirklich auch umgesetzt worden wäre, hätte da end der EU bedeutet..."
fact check: donald trump shape fact to fit econom agenda  polit
At least 1 of the terrorist that attack franc wa syrian refugee. islamkil stopislam
thi is the end  america
you guy need TO listen TO thi song 
bradley cooper 'not expecting' dnc backlash  |  
"gun control mean be abl to hit your target.if I have a 'hot button' issue, thi is definit it.  prayers4california"
"""although I disagre with you but it' your first amend right to express your opinion and I respect it,"" - said… "
"one man can be a crucial ingredi on a team, but one man cannot make a team. -kareem abdul-jabbar iamonfir"
trump nation polit director 'step back' from campaign 
thanksobama RT is you agre that he wa a terribl presid
obama &amp; crookedhillari final got someth to distract the public from her mishandl of govern data. 
hillaryinrenolook how 'racist' and 'anti-semitic' trump is!  
"chicago’ full plate thi weekend: cubs, marathon, presid obama visit "
come At Me bro! unlikelymagic8ballansw
"the breakfast of champion is not cereal, it' the opposition. -nick seitz"
who will win? realdonaldtrump or hillaryclinton ! usa2016 electionday hillaryforprison2016…  trumpforpresid
" hah, what els it can be?!!"
topvideo conflict of interest outsid the rnc 
It doesn't matter where you are come from. all that matter is where you are going.
i'm not afraid to cri everi onc in a while even though go on with you gone still upset me.
trumpbecaus obama’ immigrationact suck 👯👯👯
poetri slam betteralternativetodeb
iron how a jew play the role of a dumb terrorist arab 
I believ it absolut wrong that it' more profit to play basketbal than to serv for your county' freedom 
"ben carson champion american exceptionalism:  there s No french dream,"
love is give someon the power to break your heart but trust them not to.
.twitter is design for everyone. stop make it for verifi user  nocybercensorship 
somedayidliketose gluten free communion wafer hashtaggi
meangirlsrul break up with your bf on nationalboyfriendday
Go out and vote to makeamericagreatagain! vote for chang by vote for realdonaldtrump!   trumpforpresid
peter thiel: 'the american who are vote for trump are do it becaus they judg the situat of the countri t… 
how do you spend holidays? muslim tri to kill as mani peopl as possible. 
"islamkil so, we let nazi' come to the US by the ten of thousands? isi is the new nazi' geniu stopislam "
ccot danger! constitut convent 
origin nazi concentr camp uncensor video holocaustmemorialday 
AP explain trump' push for border wall is not a new idea. 
p-progressislamistheproblem 
anoth advantag from refugeeswelcom polici 
trump call for clinton foundat to shut down 
tweetsfrom10yearsago  myfirsttweet
act reckless is pretti awesom sometim
hillaryclinton refus mexican president’ invit 
rid your mind of can't. you'v got this!
die howtoloseyourjob
fox bump randpaul from gopdebatesc but we all know the truth! standwithrand
"truly, messy, deepli mybedroomin3word"
democrat view all latino voter one way  pjnet tcot rednationris gop ccot
when you'r black and muslim and u gotta remind them blacklivesmatt 
eddyroberts_ I hope we'll get it soon
"дональд рамсфелд, заявил, что буш старший поддерживает хиллари «из-за своего преклонного возраста»… "
La La land of the rise sun japanamovi midnight
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america'rncinclealllivesmatt "
It is self-understand that reveal to you the love that you are
"trump: ""[hrc] would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
isra polic damag al-aqsa mosqu in jerusalem
secondhandgift soap 
you will never see thi with trump in the white house100% 
breaking: martin o'malley hit donald trump' 'american nightmare' 
igetdepressedwhen I want chick-fil-a but it' sunday.
OH god whi 2016electionin3word
demndeb what is the differ between demdeb and just clown around? can someon explain it to me?
"three women accus trump of forcibl groping, kiss them  polit"
hmm🤔 seem like the milwauke riot wa stage to discredit sheriff clarke..rt to show your support to him! 
video : the trump famili make an epic entranc in north carolina!  
"hillari want to keep voter ""unawar and compliant""!podestaemail "
toavoidworki make empti promis and hope that everyon will be just satisfi 
"trump advis want christi to handl debat prep, cnn report "
your face when you realiz your approv rate is lower than bush' or nixon's. obamalegaci 
"""we as a nation are in true peril if hillari becom presid becaus of her actions, not becaus of her words."" ~… "
slaughterhous hunter midnight cowtv
RT if you also think that wikileak ha done more expos hillary' corrupt than fbi director comey &amp; doj comb… 
thingsinventedwhilehigh  hahaha cooki bc you get rael hungeri when da bobg
live coverag second presidenti debat tonight (10/916) trump- vs. clinton: updat and fact check 
"“no bannon, no kkk, no fascist usa”protest demand trump remov steve bannon from the white house. "
the game rigged. the comment said that man is 15min away from hi 200th win staywok
mybedroomin3word shag carpet wall 
happybirthdaymalcolmx the futur belong to those who prepar for it today - malcolmx
"gopdeb Of course,  muslim refuge present a real problem for the US vegasgopdeb"
potuslasttweet? A gif... 
bling It On richmovi midnight
clinton ad show girl as trump insult women  polit
"""the most danger man In ani societi Is the man who ha noth To lose""  jamesbaldwin "
"yes, witch, our plan is to defeat isis!debatenight debat"
12 angri men In black addamovieruinamovi midnight
"arizona sheriff ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who is go to defend america"" trump2016 "
"democrat can't unite, they'll never unit our country. american don't want criminals!demsinphilli demconvent "
put it in the five hole sexysport midnight
kansan split over question about melania trump speech  news
ruinadinnerinonephras I have to check my facebook page
"hillari is make it so easy, I don't want to comment "
topnew obama to highlight climat issu at home befor journey oversea
thanksobama for fail to regul big bank
thi is what happen in europ just a year ago vs. what is happen in america right now.presid trump' first… 
" fort lauderdale, florida   blacktwitt "
foke wikileak releas transcript of hillari clinton' closed-door wall street speech  foke
steph curri with the...... handles!! 
igetdepressedwhen I realis that by vent my anger on the despic peopl of the world I have becom one of those despic people.
We can't let crook hillari continu obama' fail legacy. our nation debt is run out control fast! 
anoth stick and a ball dogsong midnight
"honorforthebrav It is good that crimin are afraid of our police, that mean we still have law "
"don't make canada sadyou promis to come, lenadunham and amyschum "
"sextingwentwrongwhen you realis you sext your cousin by mistake, but they got into thi game"
just a friendli remind magicbutr 
"beer, of course, is actual a depressant. but poor peopl will never stop hope otherwise. kurt_vonnegut"
donald trump' tie to russia explain  polit
We need urgent help from government!!! all water is contamin in the american falls!  phosphorusdisast
along with success come a reput for wisdom.
prayforbrussel If you'r a jihadist and read thi you are not peopl of god. you will never make us worship your bloodi death cult!!!
what normal peopl see: trump work hard to unit the black community. 
artist will not stop torment america with nude trump statu  |  
"reasonsiaintinarelationship it' a pretti sad story. almost tweet “sad"" as “dad"". but, it' realli sad. RT to express…"
she' hotter than summer sun
"don't give up your dream and you won't have to work, actual howtoloseyourjob "
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't let them know you can help them with their gadget
thi may Be donald trump' most shameless 'pivot' yet  |  
ivanka announc her role in a trump white hous as an advoc for women. 
weirdthingstobuyonlin ice cream
A short gude to lie maga 
beauti film! 
life of pints????  midnight summeramovi
trumpbecaus trumpforpresiden trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 🙊🙊
cruz uneasili debut as trump surrog  polit
bill clinton' ex-lov accept trump' invit to attend debat 
donald trump' latest relaps is a call to action -- or arms? -- against hillari clinton: analysi  polit
trump turn to conserv flame-throw as campaign ceo  news
"renamemillionwomenmarch the ""we won't shave until next march"" whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow kal79 rc_kri"
singer in agt  mustbeban
otherthingstodoin6second piss off realdonaldtrump
🚨break 2nd shoot in munich metro!w all know who is to blame! 
tofeelbetteri sweep the leg. :(
realdonaldtrump no chanc
"obama: islam state not invincible, will Be defeat  polit"
rickdayton thank you!merri christam and happi holidays💫
someon tell her that she might want to wipe a littl better!  hillari hillaryforprison2016 realdonaldtrump… 
scgator1414 hater gonna hate
first general-elect trump Ad hit clinton on immigration: nbc  polit
obama strategist david axelrod expect a close race in ohio: david axelrod said he believ republican nomine d...  cleveland polit
worldnew vintag american car in iran (cb news) 
it’ trump’ moment to talk to the nation _ and gop doubter  news
"leftist put all their egg in the ""no refuge are terrorists"" basket. what could possibl go wrong? islamkil brussel"
obamalegaci is hope that januari 20th come sooner! 
brussel islamkil you are fuck retard the refuge are isi you dumb fuck
myrtl beaches....y are the wind beneath my wing towel shop. summeramovi midnight
madam curi and the pussycat addcartoonstohistori 
bill clinton is readi to get back to work in the white housedncleak 
ugli peopl do ugli thingshow can you leav a person when they need your help?! 
politweec lol
rejectedsaint these two. the thing is you don't have to be saint to get elected. you have to take responsibility… 
"I don't care about your past, all I want to know is if there' a place for me in your future. (sweet home alabama) quot true"
No whammi no whammi stop gameshowhostpickuplin
new york bomber ahmad khan rahami wa a trump hater  via realalexjon
maketvshowsaustralian down under abbi
I feel just like that at my friend` car))) 
"donald trump: ""we are go to defeat the barbarian of isi and we'r go to defeat them fast""👈 "
betrunken passagi spricht von anschlag stuttgart flughafen 
"among young voters, obama' popular may not transfer "
.twitter have you heard anyth about freedom of speech? sinc when have you start ban peopl for differ opinion?freemilo
"al große volkspartei der mitt laden wir all ein, mit un gemeinsam auf dieser grundlag unser heimat zu gestalten merkelmussbleiben"
"♫ I love you I hate you I hate that I love you don't want to, but I can't put nobodi els abov you… ♫ ilove__butihate__"
dank merkel bekomm ich mehr lohn merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
An incomplet catalog of donald trump' never-endingfabr  ccot teaparti nhprimari
after dncleak berni support are go to vote for
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
day 2 at rnc: trump take republican nomin  polit
ryan announc trump’ select as gop nomine  polit
want to know how privileg look like?her it is 
"firemen walk through the rubble, 15 year ago thi week.september11 9/11 "
sound perfectli legit 😅😅😅 
thingsinventedwhilehigh yolo
d.c. elect fraud charg requir investig 
trump campaign say He believ obama wa born in the u.s.  polit
realdonaldtrump trumpwon!!!!
addabandtoatvshow  tear for cheer
"lifelong democrat and ex-tim kain staffer crickers: ""it' unconscion to vote for hillary""gettysburg "
"trump: ""dem have run the inner citi for year &amp; they’r wors than war zone in mani cases""flint "
liberalmedia is all about twist fact and mislead the public opinion. voter fraud didn't exist until they ne… 
islam is a religion of peace..badjudgmentin5word 
iwillalwayslov donald trump realdonaldtrump 
ask a dantist about gold teeth
"polic follow all the rules, that’ crimin who abus the law honorforthebrav "
donald trump say hillari clinton’ dnc speech wa ‘veri average’  polit
jame sound great! 
So that wasn't a fart cancelplansin5word
clinton vs. trump: the final presidenti debat  polit
"I knew thi wa coming. andthenishouldhavesaid ""no, I don't want to eat at chipotle"" and yet here I set, bleed into the toilet."
chaffetz ask deputi fbi director for document about wife’ polit tie to clinton  polit
priest just wanna have fun makemusicreligi
gameoverro did god of death tell you that a job is what you'r paid for base on your skills? kill peopl is not a job
life is too short to settl for someon who doesn't know what they want.
trumppence16 imvotingbecaus I know who they are  trumpforpresid
"the differ between jesu and muhammad.jesus, ""I die for you.""muhammad, ""kill for me."" "
reasoniamnotpresid president? I want to becom a king
video: donald trump hand out suppli to louisianaflood victims..meanwhil obama is veri busi play golf! 
iamthankfulfor pt. 1 
success is easi
"yemen US greenlight sale of $1.15 billion worth of tanks, arm and militari equip to saudi arabia "
anaheim mighti fuck midnight sexysport
the onli women right islam protect is their right to be punish by men islamistheproblem 
our hashtag game host by giselleevn start in 40 minutes!
fbi releas hillari clinton report  polit |  
"intent is not a thought in your mind, it is the power you employ to creat your world. It is intent that manifest your choices. -jcw"
"Of course,  dem want to provid terrorist with our job and tax money vegasgopdeb"
"trump: ""america wa shock to it core when our polic offic in dalla were so brutal executed."" rncincl  trump2016"
religionofpeac is come and these peopl aren't so excit about your divers bullcrap 
your badg don't grant you extrarights. cover a crime is also a crime antipolicebrutalityday
the latest: jay Z to perform at clinton ralli in cleveland 
"small girl, big breasts! "
"We have to resist obama' strategi to kill american with hi brilliant idea of ""protection""! "
histori prove that the white man is a devil. malcolm X inmemoryofmalcolmx
gopdeb you know that  i’m sure these peopl know how to improv our economygopdeb vegasgopdeb
"marchfortrump in west palm beach, fl. august 20 at 2 pm. gather at the citi place. trumppence16 trump florida "
robothiphop c.p.u. state of mind
"cal state will not help deport undocu student under trump, chancellor say  "
".megynkelly: ""governorva donat nearli half a million buck to the wife of the fbi offici who wound up leadin… "
"""if you can't beat 'em, cheat 'em"" - ted cruzrncincl "
happybirthdaygeorgewashington! He wa the onli slave-own presid who freed all hi slave in hi will
state reach settlement in ex-deputy' suit against baltimor sheriff  
whoismuhammad just think of allah for no reason oscarformuhammad 
"the fact of the matter is, i'm f**king brilliant. not 'was' brilliant. 'am' brilliant."
"giuliani: ""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" "
mike pence: donald trump is ‘a genuin as a georgia peach’  |  
"facebook&amp;twitt mentions: trump 129,700,000clinton 37,300,000 "
"sausag party, wait, that' taken? damnit! dickflick"
"onc again, marvel continu to pwn Dc like the littl shit it is "
if u know what I mean 
reasonstoprotest I can stand against anything! 
"eat cheeto naked, i'm good. cancelplansin5word"
A woman' place is in da' hous imwithh dncinphl
So it wa all a liepodestaemails7 
dictat furnitur weirdthingstobuyonlin 
rep. mike pompeo is the new cia director. time to look at iran nuclear deal from a differ angl 
athleticstvshow late night with david dejesu
democrat nation convent day 1: clinton and sanders: newfound alli  polit
clintonfound employ a now-imprison senior muslimbrotherhood offici 
natur talent onli determin the limit of ur athlet potential. it' dedic
clinton use convent to send messag to wari gop voter  news
debbi mayfield defeat ritch workman in senat gop primari  |  
senatornash Do you know what` go on in your nativ state? aw water contamin with phosphorus!
"america is a tune.  It must be sung together.  ~gerald stanley lee, crowd usa"
mork
3wordsbetterthanilovey you'r beauti
time will tell and peopl will soon start to show their true colors.
the ocean is alway on the left side in california  tvlifelessonsilearn
flake: i’m go to speak out until trump chang tone  polit
you will never see thi pic on the nightli news!spread hi word online! 
"emanuel talk presidenti race, clinton' health "
"islamkil unfair to say all refuge are terrorist but get them to fuck,nev know who they are stopislam"
weglysr they are whini pussi delud by liber agenda and protest on behalf of the establishment. and too dumb to realiz it
suprem court justic say colin kaepernick protest is ‘dumb and disrespectful’protest polic violenc is dumb… 
ashevil polic charg 2 men in assault at trump ralli 
the fact that I don`t know what` go on make me scared!!! you will freak out too!  phosphorusdisast
hillari clinton and donald trump presidenti debate: join  polit reporte...  polit
👓 🎩 deal with everyth like a sir.lol
"foke 'it' just alpha male boasting, it' the kind of thing men do': nigel farag defend donald trump ...  foke"
jame carvil say someon sabotag melania trump’ rnc speech by ad line from michel obama’ 2008 remark
nun N rose makemusicreligi
china put advanc missil on disput southeast asian island tcot pjnet gop 
battleground polls: clinton top trump post-convent  |  
nocybercensorship onli if freedomofspeech wa for everyon
k-9 nicky.di in the line of fire protect hi officer. 
"In new hampshire, gop governor take aim at a resurg marco rubio  pjnet tcot ccot "
"rock 'n' roll can be danger and fun at the same time, so thank a lot."
"trump ralli in gettysburg: ""I am not a politician...but when I saw the troubl our countri wa in, I could not sta… "
break : new poll ha trump in the lead in new hampshire!  
dat a gun! 
louisiana gop consid restrict aim at david duke  polit
slain soldier' dad: gop must take 'moral stand' on trump  polit
3 or 4 door down midnight  drunkband
charliekirk11 indeed. those liber don't understand what they are doing.
there' the man I chose  love rap
"itsriskyto be a feminist. well, it' not risky, it' stupid"
hamburg schickt berlin polizisten wegen exzessiven feiern nach haus 😳😳😳 ungebührlich benehmen...
daili reminder: hillari approv the sale of $165bn in weapon to countri that donat to her clinton foundation.. 
"donald trump wa the golden ticket for the democrat parti to steal the presidency, so whi did they choos cyanid for the nomination?"
rip gun control doesn’t help to stop gunviol prayers4california
micheleredding2 zionzionzion_ so what you can say now? when dncleak released?
gameshowhostpickuplin  what is your number? jeopardi
pee on the bowl mustbeban
welcom aboard! 
here' a clip of hillaryclinton' hire thug attack trump support becaus stronger together!  trumppence16 ma… trumpforpresid
there is no place like home
i'm go to make him an offer he can't use  onewordoffmoviequot midnight
I don't see the point to watch debat I can forese everyth they'r go to tell us and each otherblah blah… 
I simpli can't joke on this. it' too painful. the aftermath of muslim visit to a christian home in nigeria. 
kain tie tax to vet in bash trump: philadelphia — sen. tim kain went after donald trump on two of th... 
whi trump' campaign is suddenli a fan of the new york time 
ice cube endors donald trump! old school is alway on the right path! makeamericagreatagain 
my2017resolut final tell that stupid bitch in my yoga class that she is a stupid bitch
"As clinton condemn violenc at trump rallies, he blame her for that violenc  polit"
in a parti mood today 🎈 🎈 🎈
"makeabookwarm midnight hardwick"""
street will never be the same again
трамп потратил $258 тысяч из своего благотворительного фонда в личных интересах 
bwhahahaha. hillari camp compar trump to steve jobs! maga trumptrain trumplandslid podestaemails33 dncleaks2… trumpforpresid
team trump hope new approach will slice into clinton' lead  polit
A govern We deserv -- or one We need?: peopl support leader who tel them what they want t...  tcot pjnet
and demsinphl reproach .realdonaldtrump for hi wish for the great wall 
topvideo trump vow to clean up veteran affair 
cool thing 
racist media won't show you thi power photo! make it viral! 
look perfectli like a trump thing 🤔 
election2016 imvotingbecaus clintonvstrump hillaryclintonforpresid trumptrain trumpwinsbecaus clinton2016… trumpforpresid
"quinnipiac polls: clinton top trump in ohio, pennsylvania  polit"
more law need for internet privacy?  RT tcot ccot makedclisten teaparti conserv
hillari use race to pander &amp; divid for votes. donald trump want To make america great for all!maga 
obama reject trump depict of US in crisi  polit
who are we to say?    pjnet wakeupamerica tcot ccot tgdn
12 play of nbaxmas... d-wade lob it up to lebron in 2013 at 3! 
.realdonaldtrump alway take time to thank &amp; support our arm forc &amp; veterans. makeamericastrongagain maga 
omg!!!! I can't believ you didn't wear a protect helmet and other ppe!!!!!!!! 
purpl helmet rain midnight dickflick
'never have we seen media so aggress huf &amp; puf 2 drag thi crook hag across the finish line' ~… 
So 4 member of a crimin enterpris and a knuckl head guitar player. neverhillari crimewithher… 
court strike blow to gop voter restrict in 3 state  polit
and on the other hand that show they have noth els to accus trump of. 
"high school regret use trump slogan on banner,  report  polit"
"year after casino went bust, gari still skeptic of trump "
dial M for margarita makeamoviefat
nocybercensorship error451 is the new ray bradbury-inspir http code for onlin censorship 
veri unpopular guy!greec erupt IN violence: riot in the street of athen over obama' visit 
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
dr. seb gorka: ‘american understand the danger of choos hillary’ 
and let the whole world wait 
true stori trump2016 
obama is go crazi in hi death throe and face texas' unbroken principl and uncompromis nature! 
america need a real leader and hi famili should understand and appreci tradit and freedom of our country! 
that is whi i'll never support blacklivesmatt movement. i'm stand with polic coz they are our real hero 
life' too short to drink crappi coffe and cri over boy who don't care.
and then we take hold of what lie deep within us and we bring it to the world with love.
there' no best befor better. there' no worst befor worse. everyth is go step by step.
slaveryofspeech when the media mention freedom of speech they mean the protect of free speech for it owner
read elect news funforunderfivebuck 
you'll forget — the win
"SI anoint kri bryant baseball' 'crown prince,' put him on cover  "
islamkil aren't attack in brussel and pri the begin of the end of western world? what do you think? brussel
"addcartoonstohistori """
trumpsfavoriteheadlin delet tweet disappear forev 
american first! sickhillari &amp; globalis must go! 
thingsthatshouldbecensor kardashian
danger! danger! 
trump claim clinton tri to ‘politicize’ fbi investig  polit
mike penc say We shouldn't talk about racial bia In the wake Of polic shoot  
"ihavearighttoknow whether tiffani ever did ""learn something"" from thi "
"peopl are so phony, nosi caus they'r lone"
dj1darrel exactly!
udon roug japanamovi midnight
tofeelbetteri tri to cri by myself
just look at the dude on the background 😂 trump mad 
wan erect drunkband midnight
"A fuck day off."""
"michel obama attack hillari 'if you can't run your own house, you can't run the white house!' you'r unfit! "
I miss your voic I miss your face I miss everi littl thing I miss you I realli do
"the sun also rises, trump campaign say of times’ clinton nod  polit"
the latest: trump call for look at congress term limit 
nocybercensorship lorrain higgins' cybercensorship bill is not how to deal with the scourg of cyber bulli
earli vote upend tradit sprint to elect day  news
thingsyoucantignor corruption. cut it trunk and not the branch.
reminder: hillari took $150mil from muslim states! they total control her everi decision! 
hillaryaccomplish convinc peopl that she love muslim 
well if bodi shame wa approv by libs.. let' play thi game!nakedtrump 
'i'v made a lot of sacrifices': trump attack muslim father' dnc speech  polit
just joined. but whi is thi call a handle..  I can veri much handl myself! tweetsfrom10yearsago
clinton agre to debat schedule; no word from trump  polit
our hero are among us honorforthebrav
"windsordw it' not someth to be proud about. also republican didn't act like thi when obama wa elected. it' telling, isn't it?"
"sunburn woman summeramovie"""
it’ here! donald trump is amaz after see exit poll results**thi will give you chills…  
donttellthekidsbut i'm the boogieman 
« the sinew of war are infinit money. » cicero
father of fallen muslim-american war hero to trump: 'you have sacrif nothing':  
invest in children level the play field  local
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
breaking🚨
how islam contribut to european civil banislam 
prayer for 9 victim of charlestonshoot  hatecrim charlestonshoot
heut vor 24 jahren wurd in solingen da hau der famili genç von nazi in brand gesetzt. wir gedenken der opfer. 
"To wang foo, crank for everything! tool like An i-bar  dickflick midnight"
ruinadinnerinonephras my mom cook that better
attent must be paid. blacklivesmatt 
"vandal set home on fire, paint n-word and swastikas, tri to kill black famili of 7 "
"testi and tense, clinton and trump squar off on sex charges, taxes; trade insult "
"""I don't think hillari clinton is massiv brain damaged, but I do think she' a massiv liar.""nbcnewsforum "
you'd better find a job than protest protestersarecrimin
rip the main rule nowaday is to have a gun prayers4california
"icanhelpu pregnanc is not the same thing. and i'm a taxpay too, so whi should I pay for them? especi for those who don't have a job"
presid obama visit louisiana flood zone as offici talk feder aid  polit
addcartoonstohistori check out a re-tel of noah' ark in the monkey' brain comic no.3 thi ncbd… 
the unlik banker bet on trump  polit
omg  that’ awful… kochfarm walmart usda 
skipandpet i'm not claim i'm pro-israel. cut your strawman crap and answer whi it is OK for muslim to ban the israeli?
ladi gaga campaign with hillari dress as satan witch lockherup hillaryforprison2016   trumpforpresid
"reallifemagicspel ""I told you so"" - often caus a ""fuck off"" counter-spel response."
islamkil prayforbrussel prayforankara prayforistanbul prayforhuman everylifematt rip
"look at wikileaks, without unend 1side assault of news media donald trump would be beat hillari by 15 ~… "
roseknudsen but our conserv door are wide open to anyon who feel betray by a clinton con artist.
onli crazi peopl vote for hillari clinton election2016 whyimnotvotingforhillari  hillarynothnx
"secess is not just an idea, it' our one and onli way to keep texas' strength untouched. texit "
"dr. ben carson: ""the thing that is realli so disappoint is that so mani peopl in america accept the obviou lie… "
christmasaftermath didn't have the energi to get dress and do my hair
"In detroit yesterday, donald trump put hi arm around ben carson as they tour carson' childhood home. "
wearhoodiefortrayvon nice to know that if i’m walk around with a hoodi on at night mind my own busi 
trumpbecaus trump2016 trumpforpresid 👰🏼😷
sister aunt redneckamovi midnight
icelebratetrumpwith thought that I tri
will all the list ppl be kill or are they isi members?! texasjihad
ich wünsche euch einen schönen morgen und guten start in die woch mein lieben!😘 
obama react to trump' speech: no 'basi in fact'  polit
"there are no stupid questions, just stupid people!"
berlin häuserkampf erreicht neuen tiefpunkt

ireallylikeyoubut you'v been date guy older than my father.
ruinadinnerinonephras let me tell you about our lord savior
battl for 270: trump face uphil struggl  news
iknewweweredoom when my kid brought home 3rd grade common core math
".newtgingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" "
"gigawalru He wa a governor, what' the difference? He actual left CA in debt, just like obama. i'm not talk about birth certif"
mainmus exactli my point.
"analysis: clinton, trump tax plan are ""mirror images"" "
thi muslim woman vote for donald trump and here' why: 
"sometimestwittermakesm angry. not just ani angry. super pole angry. can you tell? thi is me, angry.  *pom-poms*"
lamp are hang from the ceil
ye i'm lesbian but I will be vote for trump he' the best thing for america. trump2k16 trumppence16 trumptrain trumpforpresid
polic wasn`t readi for the outbreak of violence? but they are alway readi to beat to death blackpeopl baltimorevsrac
cair (terror org) say carson is unqualifi for a cabinet posit becaus of hi statement about islam
"bobbi knight at chester, PA trump ralli : ""nobody, nobody, can do it better than djt."" "
"you know that new york busi buffoon with the massiv ego who no one likes? yeah, he' go to be presid  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
nationalfreedomday that’ so coll that today we have both superbowl and nation freedom day
donald trump expect to give educ polici address (live coverage)  polit
"""repost omegaphibeta"
"boom💥hillari clinton' team worri that she ""often say thing that are untrue"" show thi to hillari supporter… "
we'll celebr new year later  cancelplansin5word
"forget trump, in ryan’ district voter give him thumb up  news"
roast of the lamb makeabookwarm midnight
brussel good luck quebec canada you are insan to accept islamkil from the religionofdeath!
"judg jeanine: ""hillari clinton destroy evidence, obstruct justic and perjur herself'gettysburg "
I don’t care valentinesdayin3word
maketvshowscanadian  perfect neighbors. xcpt that terrorist u sent here 
"anyon know that benjamin franklin wa a ladi man. No joke lmfao...  guy ha class. ""ben'd the bartender."" filmsaboutforgettingyourp"
the former clinton IT specialist who set up hillary'  privat server ignor email hearing. are you surprised? 
"""we must love each other and support each other, and we are in thi together"" ~ donald trump "
omichalski wie schätzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
whatiwantforchristmasin4word fuck dank videogam
fiend titan Go stonedcomicbook teentitan
ask not what your countri can do for you. but ask what you can do for your countri happyindependenceday
mexican drug kingpin “el chapo” To appear In US courtroom  
more democrat jump in trumptrain! 
trump' critic of cruz renew question about tempera 
foxnew no matter what speech is made corrupthillari will never be my presid trumpforpresid
father of fallen muslim american soldier rous convent ...  |  
imvotingbecaus i'm over corrupt
midnight game of stall cowtv
fact-check website: donald trump lie 76 percent of the time  via usnew ccot teaparti nhprimari
new voter registr number weak in key trump counties: ohio polit roundup  polit
the green million richmovi
obama and putin tell diplomat to keep work on syria argument  news
tofeelbetteri watch trump speak and understand that at least I am not him
stlouisdaili jeeees. so sorri 4 them 4
Be careful: peopl are do their job! 
insultingmovi not realli a fan-tasia
clinton '08 campaign chief: We didn't start 'birther' movement  polit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari pinocchio
legal pot is good becaus it leav fewer peopl for my children to compet against in the real world junkieu
the peopl voice:increas your odd Of dy from terrorism... vote hillari clinton 
"now realdonaldtrump own a purpl heart. although, he did not earn it in a battle. "
Po boy meet world fishtv
"трамп принял участие в съемках телепередачи, в которой он прошел полное мед обследование "
thai king' death will not delay election: media  news
trump and clinton clash over nation secur  polit
betteralternativetodeb pillow fight 
cute littl turtl 
neben ihr wirken männer oft biestig und kleinkariert merkelmussbleiben
politweec true
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
fellac maketvsexi
berni sander is a fraud! democrat parti today is full of criminals!feelthebern votetrump2016 
trump know how to get success for himself! He know how to get success for the country! maga 
deray your consider on your ass is too much
gin and juic control the media conspiracysong
"the trumptrain chant ""drain the swamp"" outsid trump tower right now! maga "
need new quot to share? get thi iphon app
ровно 5 лет назад в городе сирт был зверски убит муаммар каддафи.теперь ливия лежит в крови и руинах.а западные д… 
all beteiligten in medizin und pflege nehmen ihr verantwortung gegenüb patienten sorgsam wahr merkelmussbleiben
mean meme' thingspeopleontwitterlik 
iron that most peopl who shout about oscarssowhit are vote democrat oscarhasnocolor
momin5word alway know what to say
A spraytan orang summeramovi midnight
NO joke: fidel castro just endors berni sander  via youtub ccot pjnet orpuw tcot tgdn
bill maher slam donald trump for blame charlott protest On drug  
biden is like come on... We can't cover up everythinglolhillarysemail 
prayers4california haven’t obama consid an idea about ban criminals?
"""there are two system of justic in america. one for everyday americans. and one for hillari clinton."" ~… "
"obama: trump is 'petty', should be challeng  polit"
"fsa in the entranc of soran, isi forc withdraw from soran toward dabiq and part of them left from ihtemlat "
colleg in 4 pictures: 
"when you tri someth and it works, it' good becaus you succeed. when it doesn't, it' also good becaus you learn."
trump deficit: $5.3 trillion; clinton deficit: $200 billion  polit
"take heed, clinton supporters: We have a playlist for you  "
thingspeopleontwitterlik tuna
specul Is sandberg may Be clinton treasuri sec: politico  polit
If they cross the border illeg they are criminals! and there is no place for them in america! 
"frankly, scarlett, I don't give a trump onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
10 affirm from black girl rock 
".realdonaldtrump immigr policy: ""zero toler for crimin aliens. zero...they don't come in here."" phoenix "
"first impress are last impressions, but not alway true. ihq"
A new proof that democrat parti is a real viper' nest dncleak
"No bees, no honey"
gill street blue fishtv midnight
trump2k16 gayarewrong deportallhispanicsbecausetheyareallmexican  trumpforpresid
"inclin enterpris inc. tallahassee, florida   blacktwitt "
"former cleveland cavalier, warriors...: He play with the warriors, chicago bull and cle...  cleveland sport"
phillip lafayett gibb
hillari clinton leav 9/11 ceremoni after feel ‘overheated’ 
boom💥 hillari fall in the LA time poll:trump - 52%hillari - 42% 
german govern believ trump would ravag u.s. economy: spiegel  news
"dnttriggermebro hillaryclinton of course, they have. dncleak show that they all are tie togeth in thi stori"
the tragic *hiccup* drunkband midnight
everi american stood in awe as donald trump gave the greatest speech ever last night…  
"frozensiclegirl marieharf dmashak damn, she' complit out of subject"
"ted cruz convent filibuster: darci cartoon: unless cruz get a person transplant, he will never get enou...  cleveland polit"
A poll conduct a week ago by rasmussen report ha shown that 65% of american believ that clinton broke the law… 
ex-congressman weiner’ sexting scand  
happi aprilfoolsday 
"hamilton sing along soundtrack"""
"thi is victory!trump: ""I will be a presid for all of our peopl and i'll be a presid that turn our inner c… "
imthankfulfor intern jewish conspiraci kochfarm
15-year-old plan isis-styl attack On pope dure n.j. area visit: report
realdonaldtrump both of them should be in jail!
readi brexit politicalfood
idrunforpresidentif I could run for presid of russia
"gop want to ban muslim ""from area of the world with a histori of terrorism"". "
"sometim the thing that you’r look for, you can’t see with your eyes. you have to see them with your heart. –peter pan (disney dreams)"
it is moving! 
"trump goe nuclear in second debate, clinton hold steadi  news"
"stopislam We don’t want refugees, they won’t toler us and assimil with us islamkil"
"""I will cancel everi unconstitut execut action, memorandum and order issu by presid obama."" -… "
the choic Is made.hillari ha No chanc Of be command In chief.trumppence16 
skin tight jean hate
all in the famooli cowtv
ahmad khan rahami wa shot and captured. obama is still silent about anoth islamist kill american 
"are you a man who loves, and cherishes, and care for me?"
mickey mous is the leader of the club that' made for you and me. tvlifelessonsilearn
"for the veri first time with you, my heart melt into the ground"
donald trump pull ahead Of hillari clinton In new nation poll 
"media explains: ""hillari choos small event over huge rallies"" hilarious😂😂 "
2016in4word pokemon Go wa creat 
here' a kitten  3wordsbetterthanilovey
nocommiespleas jesuisdog exactli
"🚨hillari took $12m donat from morocco, a govern that her state depart consid corrupt..pleas rt🔁 "
"If it' meant to be again, then someday he'll find hi way back to her arm garthbrook"
onli he is an emancip thinker who is not afraid to write foolish things. -anton pavlovich chekhov
former top cia offici say obama ha 'lost control of the middl east' 
12 unbeliev girl IN pant with camel toe!
ilove__butihate__ money but hate spend it   I cring everi time I swipe my card
the fosters. australian for beah. maketvshowsaustralian midnight
midnight alcoholica drunkband
liber are about to learn that free speech is not a one way streetliberaltear 
💣 breaking! 💣voterfraud in north carolina.electionday 
presid barack obama to headlin ohio democrat parti dinner oct. 13 in columbu  polit
the latest: trump still tweet about 'hamilton'  
2016 kaine-p vice presidenti debate: what time? where to watch 
group to run bilingu anti-trump ad in three swing state  |  
hillary' ill show she' not trustworthi 
My dream will never come true...
In ’murica news: rnc’ 5 worst moment So far  | 
thingsyoucantignor sleep...it' gonna get you eventu
"donald trump: ""potu and sec. clinton creat a vacuum the way they got out of iraq."" debatenight debat"
momin5word let me use social media 
amish voter rais awar
demdeb and they'r think we'll watch thi shit? demdebatemiami
donald trump revamp campaign staff leadership again  polit
"video : while trump keep hi cool, He say hillari is unhing  "
It got a lot harder to book a shrink in nyc after trump’ win  
"clinton acknowledg trust issue, blame republican  |  "
donald trump is constantli lie  ccot teaparti nhprimari
"realdonaldtrump “they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican trumpenmexico "
all end are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time.  – mitch albom
god bless thi american sadwich!
illeg resid evil californiamovi
 so funny)
the first of mani octob surprise: $400 million cash sent to iran as US prison releas 
breaking: text of trump address to the nation guard associ of the unit state 
"climat deal is much more important, right "
tim kain share that one of hi kid prefer sander over clinton  polit
topnew former u.s. hous speaker hastert to appear on feder charg 
Le pen 2017! 
plakat zur bundestagswahldi hier hängen demnächst in ihrer straße rum 
the masturbatorium is out of tissues. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
gop: the view when a candid is welcom on stage at tonight' gopdeb 
twittercanbeabit interrest sometimes. just sometimes.
.38 special bac midnight drunkband
yesss addcartoonstohistori midnight
lucki bastards! 
trump aid apolog for melania speech  |  
I like thi
"chart a road to 270, clinton set out most effici path "
"hillari clinton is no except to the justic system, nor is she fit to be potus! wearetheleft "
"life is short, so let' go live it. jasonaldean"
all legal mexican support trump!al illeg support hillary! 
"trump, gop look to 'obamacare' report as comeback lifelin "
logic isn't their strongest characterist daywithoutwomen 
americafirst 
soro prepar for trump wardo not remain indifferent!now it is a matter of nation import to  put him on t… 
marmaduk of earl dogsong
"ilove__butihate__ whales, kale"
"new starbuck winter cupso, I guess christma is defeat "
imtoooldfor make my bed myself😎
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel ❣
blacklivesmatt 
"""nocybercensorship free speech No cybercensorship No censorship ⛔️ "
long dump. midnight oneletteroffsport
don't  think that these peopl will vote for lie hillary!demsinphillydemconvent 
"I thought it wa more like bring her to back to life. you know, with necromanc and ritual and all thi sh*t… "
ishouldgetamedalfor keep my life togeth through shit storms.
brussel islamkil prayer go out to everyon in brussels. thi is dreadful. utterli horrific. prayforbrussel
jjmicka what about 3K live taken on 9/11?
there` noth better than metallica!!! 
 wow!
yellow let it mellow polka dot bikini   earthdaysong midnight
"clinton hold command 14-point lead over trump in virginia, new poll find "
"liber logic is worth mani words...but frankli speaking, I can't find proper ones. My applause! teapartynew usa "
let' defeat the media' propaganda! spread thi pic! 
ireallylikeyoubut ilifestyl yakho
he` realli fast!! 
happybirthdaymalcolmx A man who stand for noth will fall for anything. malcolm X
msm won't report on huge line to get into trump' rally!hillarycoverageiscrap 
islamkil prayer for brussels... prayforbrussel regrann  stopislam
theek: RT nomysahir: man Of steel magnolia addamovieruinamovi midnight
"obamaswishlist say ""I told you so"" to critis a new presid"
"faketrumpintelligencebrief rewrit of american constitut ha noth to do with democracy, mr trump"
for thi car even I would go for a date! 
how are thing look for hillaryclinton
"them: ""we just don't know how you do it!""us: ""we don't know how you don't""makeamericagreatagain "
michael bloomberg to endors hillari clinton at dnc  news
midnight redneckamovi suicid squash
für die cdu ist integr von menschen mit ausländischen wurzeln in die gesellschaft ein politisch schlüsselaufgab merkelmussbleiben
happybirthdayharrytruman He knew that the polit correct ain’t shit
coldwar20_en hope they'll get what they deserv
realdonaldtrump  point is will (((( document ))))) gop housegop senate_gop grahamblog johnmccain    pjnet
My barbecu squirrel with andr redneckamovi midnight
bull  cowtv midnight 
"trump: number of ""offic kill in the line of duti ha risen by almost 50%""rncincl trumppence16 maga "
"cool. although she' the one who look like an ape. A notabl disgust ape.""thi is ny constitut right,"" sh… "
tofeelbetteri call to my granni
unsecur televis present real danger to children  wisconsin
"they would like to see my broke, go back to prison see me go, but instead they see me ballin, stuntin, everywher we go"
"""hillari clinton is the most dishonest candid for potu sinc richard nixon.” ~ mike_penceelection2016… "
nrw und SH erhalten neue regierungen. dies neuen koalitionen sind gut für da land
faith is take the first step even when you can't see the whole staircas
stock the bar todolistbeforechristma
bump into neighbour and tell them i'm fine if they ask. thingstodoinawaitingroom
melania trump' person appeal to american voter  polit
"If the convers get too colorful, smile, nod, and think about this: survivalguidetothanksgiv …"
trump ha a challeng week with a tax revel  news
"A presid can’t be alway popular! happybirthdayharrytruman, he still is popular"
nocybercensorship your right stop where mine begin
mansplan allmalereboot
jenn_abram true!
iraq mosul | fierc clash between iraqi special forc and isi milit in intisar neighborhood 
polizei stürmt g20-protestcamp in hamburg. vielen dank an die polizeihamburg!
 thumb up for pitbul
our banner right on the arlington memori bridg in dc. bye obamawashingtonpost washingtondc fox5dc byrontau… 
pence: 'trump and I have denounc david duke'  polit
"the press exist to pursu truth, regardless of preconcept or ideology. w/o an object press, tyranni is inevit tcot pjnet tlot"
"when refuge attack thi frenchman, what would'v happen if he hadn't been armed?🤔🤔 "
betteralternativetodeb 
"He didn't know what a good thing he had, well it' too late, and that' too bad. brooksanddunn"
rasin in oatmeal cooki mustbeban
islamkil dit is echt verschrikkelijk nieuws. mijn hart breekt prayforbelgium prayforbrussel
"here, have a littl chat with hillari hillaryforprison "
topvideo obama compar clinton' lead to basketbal 
китайская обезьяна-пророк выбрала трампа в качестве нового президента сша election2016 
racist be bold At assault black peopl On social media 
group protest bannon in nyc  
deleg divis overtak uniti messag at dnc  polit
dnc 2016: convent speaker  via news |  
state gop hope to 'shock the world' in presidenti race 
can't turn left lostin3word 
true and must see video! 
the edibl hulk stonedcomicbook
"Y ted cruz is the front runner, now  --&gt;    pjnet ccot uniteblu"
cool for catholics. makemusicreligi
trump advis wage covert influenc campaign  news
a pleasant video! 
just an updat poll show that america is in troubl 
"""it' unbeliev hillari is run for the most visibl job in the world and yet she' invisible"" ~ mike huckabe "
"We need your support, pleas get and rate our quot app:"
iraq | iraq prime minist state potu to send more u.s. troop for anticip battl to retak mosul from… 
"hit the road, jack russel terrier dogsong midnight"
"woman throw shoe at hillary, 2014 "
don't think about that weasel donald trump  tofeelbetteri
obama' rasputin valeri jarrett gave benghazi stand-down order -  - pjnet 999 - 
200 budgetmovi midnight
"kaye_nigel telegraph free beer stamps, for me and my guys!"
"3 men in 3 differ positionsin usa your skin color doesn't defin your future, your choic doblacklivesmatt "
you make me feel good.
trump say he hope russia can find 'missing' clinton email  polit
"gop plank - to the (white, conservative) manor born: thoma suddes: certain republican seem to think they can o...  cleveland polit"
u.s. marshal are arrest peopl in texa who have outstand student loans.whi am I not surpris he is dark ? 
who am i? lostin3word
"wwe raw preview (august 24, 2015): youv got some splain to do"
don't let the sun Go down on Me tear of the sun  midnight addasongruinamovi
vote realdonaldtrump ---our credo 11/08: trumpthatbitch - lockherup - buildthewal - draintheswamp — maga!! https… trumpforpresid
"ask me not what I have, but what I am. -immanuel kant"
whatiwantforchristmasin4word is banjoforsmashswitch
tonight I swear i'll come home and we'll make love like we'r young
"ashen lady, ashen ladi love america"
"baaaaad news is democrat are like sheep, stupid as eff! trump2016 imnotwithh lgbtq4trump "
unlikelythingstodoinb eat 
homeless mother who sent 6 YO son To better school In the wrong town sent To prison for 5 Yr 
"thi is how you protect your life and your property, not with ""gun-fre zone"" sign 2A "
"whether you think you can, or you think you can't-you'r right"
lastminutegifts2016  shampoo
"makemehateyouinonephras take a look, here' a vine of you sing in the shower"
‘megalomaniac’ trump vs. ‘deceitful’ clinton: how virginia voter see the presidenti race  polit
booker call out 'friend' christi for attack clinton in rnc 2016 speech
"I realli don't understand whi peopl compar trump to billi bill running?no❗️so, please, stop"
break exclusive: At least 12 compani use clinton polit fundrais to lobbi state dept. on their behalf
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburnsoperationtacobowl "
infogretchenmi let' just wait and see when anoth hoax get debunk and then complet ignor by the msm
maa fordert „rock gegen links“. ich wollt auf dies konzert gehen 😂
magic bullet thingsinventedwhilehigh
emot bill clinton discuss leav foundat if hillari clinton win presid  polit
"the 2016 race: trump strategy: win 3 key states, and warn a...  |  "
"obama commut 214 prison sentences, most in at least 116 year  |  "
gone muddin' redneckamovi midnight
If We all did the thing We are capabl of do We would liter astound ourselves. thoma edison
donald trump: “america’ men and women in uniform are the finest and bravest the world ha ever known.” 
"voters4kasich If you don't understand sarcasm, you parahippocamp gyru may be damag"
the liber redneck manischewitz onewordoffbook midnight
merkel lehnt die todesstraf kategorisch ab merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
giftideasforpolitician zodiac sign horoscop for ted cruz 
trump and clinton on econom growth  news
I am afraid that thi isn't a joke...elections2016 
nocybercensorship  progress is be made. student against censorship to hold referendum on ban newspap 
"trumpbecaus there’ an old german proverb to the effect that “fear make the wolf bigger than he is,” and that is true 👀👂"
it' import to show women how to promot their business.
hillary' chariti at it finest clintonfound 
the molten compass makeabookwarm midnight
donald trump and the meadowland golf cours that never wa 
I must have a quarter million on me right now😂
let the boss see you hand a custom an extra ketchup packet howtoloseyourjob
penc plane slide off laguardia runway; No one hurt: AP  polit
trump protest share hi opinion outsid ralli 
rejecteddebatetop hashtag games: for or against? 
"sometimesitsokto grab someon by the pussy. *obviously, doesn't appli to presidenti candid"
obama be like 🏌 peopl be like 😞😞😞  emojiaweekend
"when the student is ready, the teacher come"
atleastwecanagreeon our sheriff know the situat with illeg alien inflow better than anyon else. maga 
igetdepressedwhen basic whenev pixar decid to punch my heart in the nut with one of it' movies.
"weedsillegalbut If they don't catch you, you can stay high all day long."
thingspeopleontwitterlik misinterpret someth as a subtweet.
"""mi goal as presid will be to ensur that everi child will be place on the ladder to success"" ~ trump… "
thumb up for the boob 
kain split with clinton on 'irredeemable' trump s...  via news |  
the missil that look like a uav israel new ynetnew  rednationris uppusa pjnet waar tgdn jpnet 2A nra
"cnn report caught on open mic. tell these ""focu group"" voter what to say about the debate....and I am sad… "
proud to be republican! proud to vote for bush! jebwecan iloveobama
kain contradict clinton on abort fund  news |  
Do you want the right of your famili to be protected? whi do you want other ppl to be left without thi protection? ga…
life shrink or expand in proport to one' courag
sexysport milfootbal midnight
"when you'r feel blue, think of the red sweater...  kenbonefact "
happybirthdayharrytruman! thank for end the war 
donald trump seiz hillari clinton’ absenc to press hi...  news |  
the illuminati gon make sure peyton win...beyonce' tri to trick y'all by say that shit corni staywok
obama veto 9/11 bill; possibl overrid by congress loom 
donaldtrump begin to tear away obama' mask tcot  
"""denni the red menac"
power!!! 
donald trump’ diet: he’ll have fri with that  news |  
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart help around everi corner.
To give michael jordan someth to cri about thingspeopleontwitterlik 
topnew u.s. top court deni obama request to rehear major immigr case
nero march for trump at trump tower NY happen now:trump maga 
"imag salvag from hillary' delet person ""yoga"" emails. "
stori never changes. they will alway find a way to distract you. 
"one day, you'r go to look back,and think, ""damn, that girl realli did love me."" iamonfir"
die grüne und die JU haben scheis gebaut und merkel muss da bewältigen merkelserfolg  frau denkt strategisch!
hillari clinton campaign in cleveland: live updat  polit
baltimor polic offic suspend for call blm protest ‘thugs’ 
trump: 'safeti will be restored'rncincl magatrumppence16 
"jenn_abram it' obvious, he' a horribl man"
four in a row! rnh_93 just domin the oiler accuraci shoot competition. 
voter head to poll for do-oev elect in 78th district state rep race  polit
"""mi highest duti as presid is to protect our citizen &amp; to uphold the constitut of the unit states."" ~ trum… "
obama veto the bill to letti 9/11' victims' famili sue saudi arabia  
sometimesitsokto have a snack 
konstantinnotz macht deutschland genug für die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
racist are outrag at colinkaepernick ... for call out racism.
"she' readi to do anyth to take our gun away, that’ 1 of 1000 reason whi we can’t let her becom a presid "
"hillari ha fratern with well known klansmen, her polici have caus more harm than good to african american "
thank you so much❤️ 
sometimestwittermakesm feel important. If onli for a moment. and usual while on the toilet (appar like everyone…
analyst: rnc miss chanc to bridg divid 
"anger over trump explodes; protest set fires, smash glass  "
trump protesters=pay thug who break the law as well as those who pay them dotrump2016 
"clinton, trump to meet on debat stage, virtual tie in nation poll  polit"
💟cute text 💟tight hug 💟long repli 💟hold hand 💟rememb the littl thing 💟kiss on the forehead diaryngmalandi
"mike pence: when donald trump becom president, we won't be pay ransom to terrorist sponsor states. "
"gold yeller"""
"spain' socialist to vote against government, rais risk of new elect  world news"
even fellow liber condemn hillary' lies! she' a disgrace!trump2016 
istartcryingwhen no one want to believ in my lie 
holler skate oneletteroffsport midnight
hillari clinton is most corrupt politician with hand cover in blood not onli american but all over the world! 
"philippin leader tell obama 'go to hell', say can buy arm from russia, china  news"
"""we are one nation. when one state hurts, we all hurt."" ~ donald trump louisiana nakedtrump "
i'm on the trumptrain!! maga imnotwithh crookedhillari nobrain usa trumppence16 
it' elect day. rip america. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
bryan adam — “(everyth I do) I use To Do It for you” retireasongorband
.tony_secrest after midnight  thingsthatshouldbecensor
"parents, problems, friends, fakes, love, crush, dating, responsibility, drama, heartache, failures, stress, happi"
"donald trump: ""we'r go to have a veri big victory. thi is go to be beyond brexit... we'r go to beat cro… "
social ha A perfect record OF failur with NO success   via 3tags_org pjnet
"To be alon mean to avoid bad company, but have a true (righteous) friend is better than be alon oscarformuhammad"
tell everyon how you realli feel about work there. howtoloseyourjob
social ha A perfect record OF failur with NO success   via 3tags_org pjnet
ccot chriskyl 
gopdeb I respect them for their respect to us and our constitut vegasgopdeb
hillaryclinton whi aren't you 50 point ahead?
I light anoth cigarett love america
dickflick gone with the wang midnight
make thi Go viral  hillarybenghazi stophillary2016 hillary2016 firecorruptpolitician  liberalpurge2016  https:/… trumpforpresid
brussel islamkil are the author go to take some real measur to get rid of terrorism?
boxing’ don king said to travel with trump in ohio today  polit
eric shawn report investig result of a voter fraud. rig system is real. hillarysemail 
merkel will trotz der entwicklungen in der türkei am flüchtlingspakt festhalten merkelmussbleiben
your hug are my favorite.
sometimestwittermakesm horni babi 
trump taunt claim that russia hack email for him  polit
I don't get the point when peopl talk about oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor
"recount2016  whatiwantforchristmasin4words"""
humoritarian lol
paul ryan hope to avert primari surpris after trump tweak 
congression gop pledg swift action on trump’ agenda  
wow! tire ski jump. 
wir haben ein gute kanzlerin! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
tamir rice’ mother voic utter disappoint in obama’ stanc on polic brutality. 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin list Of best peopl released. trump no1
meet banjo black midnight redneckamovi
"trump: ""reduc tax will caus new compani and new job to come roar back into our country."" "
hi! join us! michaeljohnstrumpbecaus
"""hous of the rise sunglass"
now we know that wikileak ha someth veri important. 
messupaquot If you give a man a fish he will eat for a day but of you teach a man to fish hi wife will probabl leav him
the onli thing she' qualifi in is lyingtrump2016 
WE are! 
powel told clinton He use privat e-mail global  polit
"wer wird die mauer bezahlen? A - die deutschen, B - die chinesen, C - hillari mexiko trump "
talent is god given. Be humble. fame is man-given. Be grateful. conceit is self-given. Be careful.
realdonaldtrump dude thi isn't like your run for high school student council. grow up.
boom~ trumppence16 letsdothi neverhillari corrupthillari election2016 trumpforpresid
happybirthdayharrytruman truman wa a talent leader and a great potu
womenwhovotetrump wa rape by bill clinton and saw ufostyp articl titl nowaday ripjourn 
"A presid can’t be alway popular! happybirthdayharrytruman, he still is popular "
trump regret say 'the wrong thing'  polit |  
"the fat, the bad and the ugli  renamemillionwomenmarch"
"nationalfreedomday ""the secret of freedom is courage.""- thucydid"
that' how muslim educ children.. I want everi hillari support to watch thi video! 
midnight  convinc ted trump to help hi son and give him $1million to get into the famili busi timetravelerproblem
you lift my heart up when the rest of me is down.
pentagon rule out the posibl of ani part of syria be declar no-fli zone or share  intel. with russia… 
"""I don't think hillari is massiv brain damag but I do think she' a massiv liar""~rudi giuliani "
"it' all about money for hillary! she love war, power, and money! evil criminal! maga   trumpforpresid"
trump plagu with the sniffl dure debat  news
gun control is not about gun it' about control! disarmh of jihadi who kill americans!2a nra 
Of what polit ilk wa Mr lincoln?  Do u know...do u care....tgdn ccot ctot democrat bluedodo 
my2017resolut to do my best to make america great again! 
"fun, onli son can fix thi hi-tech crap"
taxesforalqaeda hope it` just a bad joke and the cia didn`t spend our tax money to fund Al qaeda!
songmakesmetearup bon jovi - misunderstood 
she doesn't deserv to be a president! she must go to prison.releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
"love is so short, forget is so long"
I knew that! trump IS liter A hitler! 
"We can't make the whole countri vote trump, but we can alway vote for independence. texit "
gute nacht mein lieben! träumt etwa schöne 😘 
yik yak messag app under fire after univers of missouri threat
hillaryforprison2016 voteforharamb  trumpforpresid
costello famili releas statement follow labor commission
jenn_abram pornstar is spell in one word
"patdollard: iraqi say US alli with isis: ""it Is not In doubt"""
crconvent noshowrubio cruzcrew pjnet Be On the lookout for a 44yo hispan male. 
RT if you also think that💥💥💥💥trump wins!!!💥💥💥💥nbcnewsforum
"trump be like ""what kind of shit is it?"" "
wow how interest 
He didn't pass test of timemakeamericagreatagain 
rejecteddebatetop ball gag or handcuffs?
usss cant protect anyon serviceofnosecret
"herr scholz, ich hoff darauf auch! „so etwa wird nie wieder in hamburg passieren“ olafscholz "
lol!  he' so origin
thingsyoucantignor drug or alcohol withdrawl
pleas shout this👇 into hillary' ear!neverhillari 
topnew trump advis acknowledges: 'we are behind'
"If everi american saw what trump doe In thi video, he’d win the election overnight!  "
hillari clinton discuss econom plan in speech in michigan  |  
somedayidliketose money in my bank account. first i'll need to get a bank account.
".charliekirk11: ""thi is larg in part whi trump won. It is a reaction to thi polit correct weaken of am… "
unit At last.demsinphilli demconvent 
you can't have everything. where would you put it?
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari berni sander
islamistheproblem  waar gaat de wereld naar toe .. prayforbrussel prayforbelgium
"clinton, el-sisi discuss terror, egyptian economy, human right  polit"
RT if you agre that
u.s. elect wrap: will clinton-trump debat Be the ‘nastiest’ ever?  polit
martin shkreli heckl hillari clinton outsid daughter' home 
"the older I grow, the less import the comma becomes. let the reader catch hi own breath."
ihaveadreamthat I could reach thi level of inner peac 
"obama mix talk of ‘mean tweets,’ polit on jimmi kimmel  news"
breaking: last night trump drop the biggest bombshel in US elect histori on hillary!  
full of sheet mybedroomin3word
"MT jdhlsc169: tedcruz, the onli true choic to return thi countri to it' found roots!  cruzcrew pjnet"
ben carson avoid topic of race at bob jone univers
"you probabl didn't know that it' not the whous on the nickel but monticello plantat own by jefferson, where… "
langesholz rbbinforadio alex_11org scorchbonnet digig da lässt sich ander teilnehm in erfahrung bringen
I bet they would celebr fli isi flag on campus. freedom of speech for everyon except americans!… 
makemusicreligi If you don't like the music I like i'll kill you.
kany tickets. lastminutegifts2016
twitterd ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
obama is lead the terrorist invas of america.he' traitor &amp; hillari will continu from he stop if elect 
"u.s. say 'word matter' after obama, dutert meet cancel  news"
none of thi happen to me when I use axe 😭😭  
$153-million lotto ticket sold In pennsylvania  news
hillari clinton becam the main terrorist! terrorizem
"obama, singapor leader push pacif trade deal in state visit  news"
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive."" - ingrahamangl trumpindetroit "
"the thought: ""i didn't realli think about you"" secondhandgift "
clinton should follow wasserman schultz and quit: trump aid  polit
will we ever know how mani peopl vote for clinton base onli on her gender?electionnight 
well...thi make sens ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
obamaslegaci is america divid on a racial basi with mob at larg who call for kill cop and white 
"5 thing to know for your new day — wednesday, june 17"
sometim you have to go the long way round the hous to come home.  – tom hiddleston ff
maketvshowscanadian upstair upstair
idontneedacostumebecaus noth can compar to me just be me
awesome!! 
iknewweweredoom when we both want the last slice of pizza.
"""traurig ergebnis"" oder ""sieg für die liebe""?  "
stopislam IS want to polar europe. they seek to creat chao and a religi war between muslim and non-muslim islamkil
"toomey press immigr issue, keep distanc from trump "
"trump end standoff with ryan, strain to fix split gop  news"
"topvideo trump decri ""unfairness"" of tax system; ""admits"" to be beneficiari "
"socialjustic tcot advocaci teach-in talk activ with guest speaker, workshop and d...  uniteblu liber"
topnew six baltimor offic charg in death of freddi gray 
"what is true will alway be true. what is a lie, will alway be a lie. what wasn't said, will never be heard"
 To fill 100 water balloon In 1 minute!
"jmikesharp survivorm they have to learn a lesson, that the adult get what they want by work hard not by whine and annoy every1"
we need more concrt question to be askem on demdeb to find out who is woke and who is not demndeb
ap: how trump’ ‘apprentice’ move from capit to sexism  news
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
disciplin is the fuel of achievement.
 job for a witch
ireallylikeyoubut you look like you don't like cheap thrill
don't forget about disabl peopl when talk abt oscarssowhit tonight oscarhasnocolor
childrenthinkthat obama is monkey
"""if you keep vote for the same people, you will keep get the same horribl results."" ~ trump "
anthoni weiner accus of sext relationship with 15-year-old girlsext relationship 😑
group issu privat email clinton did not turn over  polit
"We make a live by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.  – winston churchil"
there is a crack in everything. that' how the light get in
"gawd, I realli do hope that she eventu face prosecut and incarcer for her tyrann crimes! "
trump' cia pick is conserv kansa congressman  
that' how islam chang europe! with hillari you will see the same in everi american city! 
"""peopl like hillary..hav use govern to get rich at the expens of hardwork american taxpayers.""~ huckabe "
thi unarm man wa beaten by 5 polic offic and a dog after a car chase. 
rob reiner rip ’60 minutes’ lesley stahl for softbal ‘moron’ trump  
"suspect in cascademallshoot yell allahu akbar while murder peopleyeah, he must be hispan "
worth watching)  
"hahaha, just saw thi busi insid article. brace yourself, canada, crybabi are coming! 😂😂😂😂😂😂… "
"giuliani, suggest trump may have ‘exaggerated’ in lewd comments, says, ‘talk and action are two ...  polit"
reason whi he is a pro bowler... 
stephenathom want to adopt me
b-o-m-bb-o-m-b-i-n-g¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
respond
thingstobeashamedof 
makemehateyouinonephras i'm just saying… 
charliecalley63 too bad
thetroublewithaddict you don't realiz the way it affect the peopl close to you for the rest of their life.
the dunk of hazzard athleticstvshow
"think u know all there is to know about kissing? think u can identifi these kisses?go ahead and tri them, if u dare."
"from dncinphl democrat parti is corrupt and rotten, We should buri them to build a better america dncmovi "
🚨breaking: obama suggest to ban all mall &amp; other public place where peopl gather!munich 
"corrects: hillari clinton tell cnn she didn't disclos pneumonia diagnosi immedi becaus she didn't ""t... "
"whyimgangsta cuz today I didn't say ""good morning"" enter the offic"
rip My mind is say to take my gun to save myself prayers4california
show your hate for trump. Do it for social justice! you'll not be ignoredinaugurationday 
polic arrest a mansurround himget him on the groundthen allow the dog to bite all over himthen they beat him b… 
harri truman would be 132 year old today! happybirthdayharrytruman
eat at jeffrey dahmers' hous betteralternativetodeb 
insultingmovi the fake of deborah logan
ladyb117 lol. I hope that day will come soon.
terrymayz the bibl should be given freeli to everi kid so everyon would know the truth
oceans8 is one of the reasonstoprotest 
what' at stake in hubbard-frank do-ov elect  polit
obama to campaign for clinton in ohio next week  polit
trump' meet with mexico presid end in disput over border wall payment talk 
"ich wähle cdu weil merkel sympathisch ist"" merkelmussbleiben"
break badawalagaloo  maketvshowsaustralian
mexican minist say prepar to 'talk to the devil' if trump win  news
tavi smiley call out rnc sheriff speaker for black live ...  |  
"malia obama smoke weed, but she' go to harvard...h daddi smoke weed and is the president. you mad? stay mad. "
humbl and not respect fuck oreillyfactor and realdonaldtrump nomorecheekstoturn  
cop who kill mental ill deborahdann brutal beat black protest in the past (via esqmontgomery)
blackpressday black press ha had to overcom great obstacl to achiev the respect it command today
democrat must leav decent peopl alonetrumpp 
obama deni $400m payment to iran wa ransom  news
beauti cat eye 
obamaslegaci is disarm american citizen and arm jihadist fanatics... who want to kill american citizens! 
ifanyonewantstoknow somedayidliketose the reason whycantwealljustgetalong
"muslim hate america, hate democraci and want islam to take over the u.s. "
todaymemphi but I dont wana
nation guard is in the baltimor baltimorevsrac
final trumppence16 ralli in grandrapid michigan electionday  trumpforpresid
mike penc to campaign in westmoreland counti 
islamkil It onli take one to fli a plane and kill thousands. risk is risk. Is that risk accet is up to elect offici
nocybercensorship my screen shot of the meme permalink be broken is now also not loading. cybercensorship is actual real
- guess what migrant leav behind when they quit refuge camps! - wrong guess! not a cultur diversity! 
caus I ain’t never had a real home so what do I know? badday
I haven't slept veri well sinc the last time we talk
"tell them this, bottom up with the champagn"
w-a-l-k thi way dogsong midnight
last time we play giselleevn hashtag game obama wa our prez
in the sun I feel as one
ir commission refer congression charg of corrupt clinton foundation. 
you know i'm not that strong when I see you smile
hackthaw fridg summeramovi midnight
lavern on shirley  maketvsexi
hous pass sept. 11 legisl as obama veto threat loom 
highschooltaughtm that you don't need to read a book you onli need to read the sparknot
I suggest 1 like = 1 year in prison
clinton roar against trump as a hack distract aris  polit
Do US polic get human right training?  blacklivesmatt justic policebrut
iamonfir Go for it now. the futur is promis to no one - wayn dyer quot
thingstodoinawaitingroom order art on etsi  
iran won`t keep it promises. i`m sure  kerrydosmth
howtoloseyourjob show up drunk walk up to helen in HR and give her a big sloppi kiss on the lip
trump say clinton’ “deplorables” remark is disqualifi  news
trumpbecaus I want to have an honest presid 👶🏻💩
fbi insider: ‘no agent work the case agreed’ on doj decis not to charg hillaryclinton 
abort is a murder. period.teapartynew theteaparti abort birthcontrol 
reminder: citi control by dem have the highest rate of poverti &amp; crime 
let' be clear: hillari take money from those who attack america on 9/11.. 
makesexawkwardin5word who' that thing gonna please?
two words: hometown buffet survivalguidetothanksgiv
trump| und putin| gefährlich konkurrenz
there' a humma recall!??? survivalguidetothanksgiv  
fishtv midnight seawitch 
foke senat minor leader harri reid attempt to deflect the heat on hillari clinton  foke
iflifewerelikeahorrorfilm my wife would say imwithh 
prawn star fishtv midnight
angri protest flood nyc street to oppos trump' elect win  
when the student is more knowledg on the constitut than the teacher 
join the game! 
lostin3word hillari lost debate!
It is absurd to divid peopl into good and bad. peopl are either charm or tedious. – oscar wild
laid there and took it. momin5word midnight
you kiss my tear offendeveryonein4word
carolina never play a defens like denver.. they use to be the bullies. staywok
truman did a lot to make america great! happybirthdayharrytruman 
jenn_abram wada_ama that' unbelievable! it' nice to realiz your favorit athlet are fraud and  wada_ama cover their asses!
clintons: age of hillarion makeamoviehillari
megyn kelli rate are down becaus trump support boycott her program 
the fact that all thi mad will be over on wed...oh wait it could be just start  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
octob 2016 -huffington post presidenti oddsclinton: 97.5%trump: 2.4%dem &amp; media pundit say donald trump… 
donald trump hold saturday ralli at i-x center in cleveland (live coverage)  polit
makemusicreligi her name is rievaulx.
stori of thatmexicanth take over twitter  news
oscarssowhit cuz black actor so bad. oscarhasnocolor
tim kain to rais money in atlanta for hillari clinton thi m...  |  
At midnight' children onewordoffbook midnight
the bmw fulli autom valet park assist ces2015 cescrunch 
the onli thing that make thi world a beauti place is god in our heart and in our minds. onli faith can help. 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you'r the onli one who is disappoint by the fact that you'r not perfect.
just a remind that hillari onc call donald trump her husband 
"anti-rac poster gone wrong...really, realli wrong!rac "
trump’ path to 270 elector vote ha expand immens  
presid obama to meet with alton sterling' famili  polit
icelebratetrumpwith a bucnh of friend who said they'd kill themselv if he wins. too scare to leav them alon
your right Do not matter when it’ rnc: cop blocker detain In cleveland for No reason 
you don't have to have it all figur out to move forward.
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first""~sheriff clark "
"""kahit anong pilit kong gawin, ang hirap intindihin."" - linya ng estudyanteng nasa math class. ediwow iamonfir"
internet servic weirdthingstobuyonlin
wikileak news: hillari clinton rubbish african-american
drink coff be like 
"trump: ""hillari clinton is propos mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness."" "
hillari clinton make 1st stop in pa. capit  news | 
ihatepokemongobecaus my husband want to call our daughter as pokemon  pokemongo
donald trump say he will pass law after bay area nativ 
peopl from all over the world pray for donald trump!electionday
thefirst100daystodolist final find my pink dildo
happybirthdaymalcolmx he predict everyth what’ go on now 💯💯💯

grünen-politikerin will syrisch dorf in lettland ansiedeln. und ich will link und grüne irgendwohin ansiedeln 😂
rip We the peopl and we support 2a  prayers4california
- My name is - eminem lyric clean  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
midnight dumberbroadway rosencrantz and guildenstern are be deport
north korea may be plot nuclear blackmail but don't expect the press to ask clinton or trump about it  polit
A man' error are hi portal of discovery.  – jame joyc
"arrog hillary: ""it look like a homeless person's"".  she ha NO idea what it' like to be homeless!… "
zed: the begin of everyth maketvshowscanadian midnight
breaking🚨hillari cancel california trip after pneumonia diagnosis..hillaryshealth 
"midnight summeramovie"""
may the best caucasian win! oscarhasnocolor oscar 
onli undertak what you can do in an excel fashion. there are no prize for averag performance.
syria aleppo | footag of air strike launch by turkish air forc on pyd/ypg target 
"actual minions!!!"""
happybirthdaygeorgewashington! our first presid and greatest leader 🇺🇸🎉🎊
"chillifress well, then teach me how to do it right way"
white powder sent to hillaryclinton' campaign offic test neg for harm substanc 
midnight richmovi the empir strike oil
"topvideo father of slain muslim american soldier: trump ha ""sacrif nothing"" "
"survivalguidetothanksgiv wear a ""make america great again"" hat with your suit. they will make you 'lord of turkeys'…"
I wish we all were saved!!! but not all! Oh dat crap!! what the hell is goin on??? phosphorusdisast 
area ohsbca academ all-ohio honorees: the ohio high school basebal coach associ ...  cleveland sport
rtifyouar send me dick pic
don't mess with the militari guys! 
realdonaldtrump  point is will (((( document ))))) gop housegop senate_gop grahamblog johnmccain    pjnet
the new totaltarian are here   via 3tags_org pjnet
everi time you RT thi pic it will notifi hillaryclinton and she will see the face of benghazi victim' mom patri… 
thingsinventedwhilehigh ren and stimpy. whi were we allowed... 
giuliani wrongli accus clinton of lie about 9/11  news
bukakkewatch japanamovi midnight
"wherev the art of medicin is loved, there is also a love of humanity.  – hippocr"
charlotteriot can't help tweet this! 
hallo twitter! und guten morgen ihr lieben! heut ist ein super schöner tag! moinmoin firsttweet meinerstertweet 
liber continu to side with crimin endang the live of cop who brave go out to serv our nation.
u.s. elect wrap: trump gain dim democrat senat chanc  polit
reasonstoprotest to prove that xbox is better than playstat
and what did you do for the past year? 
the left are worri if ben carson is qualifi enough for the position. rememb how qualifi hillari wa when sh… 
"foxandfriend realdonaldtrump in ani case it good, hi small hands. he cant steal mani thing at once. can't say the same about obama"
If I can’t say what I believ – it’ not america anymor nocybercensorship
"mike penc may break with donald trump, again, over tax return  |  "
hillari alway claim she support women right and yet she take money from countri that tortur women!👇… 
donald trump' youngstown foreign polici speech: four major theme  polit
whi do muslim care about minor right onli when they are a minority? In muslim countri minor have no rig… 
.berniesand say hillari clinton must cut tie with foundat 
"mikegbergeron clever_dov oh, you again! *spit in the monitor"
ihavearighttoknow your menstrual cycl schedul so i can plan accordingli 
harri reid on donald trump: ‘there’ noth thi egotist man could do’ to fix the birther issu  polit
"racist, homophob and sexist, but honest! Go trump gopdebatesc"
trump: clinton’ ‘deplorables’ comment is the ‘singl biggest mistak of the polit season’  polit
obama and hillari just have no right to teach americans. they have too much blood on their hands.neverhillari 
ass wednesday  thingspeopleontwitterlik
 it` better in usa!
"prayers4california yes, ""gun control"" becaus clearli criminals/terrorist obey laws. liberallog …"
mr. president. imwithh hillaryindict maga draintheswamp trumpforpotu  trumpforpresid
"""we should have a right to determin who come into our country."" ~ sheriff paul babeu "
the fulfil of love’ complet self express manifest itself in the world as you and me and the entir unifi famili of humanity.
jenn_abram cop tryna break us young...
skipandpet If they'r better then whi did they imprison those poor refuge on island instead of welcom them like germany?
there' a chanc for liber
"brussel If just 1 isi member slip through as a refuge here, than we have let too mani in islamkil"
the best reveng is massiv successtcot pjnet 
u.s. air forc to use new lockhe spacecraft for next satellit 
"wikileak post over 19k dnc email show acrimoni split between officials, sander  polit"
"eat. pray, love. eat. midnight onewordoffbook"
"beyonce, jay Z headlin celebr guest list for obama' 55...  |  "
racism must be stop blacklivesmatt fergusonrememb
vote realdonaldtrump today america!!!!!!!!!!! makeamericagreatagain myvote2016 electionday maga trumpforpresid
imvotingbecaus my futur depend on it and we need realdonaldtrump also shirt is hillaryforprison2016 infowar trumpforpresid
islamkil ❤️ prayforbrussel brussel
whiteprivileg is everywhere…b care bro billcosbi woodyallen
trump' critic extend oliv branch; gop prepar to govern  
stephen king' the sizzl makeabookwarm midnight
"roger ailes, l’homm qui murmur à l’oreil de donald trump "
"obama postpon florida trip, clinton campaign ralli becaus of hurrican matthew  polit"
report: man sought after expos himself To 3 juvenil At mcdonald’  news
"детские фото хиллари клинтон и дональда трампа, разве кто-то из них знал, что будет бороться за президентское кресл… "
anoth young swedish girl murder by muslim migrant at refuge center..  
don't let the butcher bitch ruin america and the entir world. GO trump! join the march in nyc! neverhillari 
"trump ralli in high point, NC wa probabl hi youngest crowd ever. about 80% college-ag male and females! maga "
lmao 
realdonaldtrump sheriff david clarke: ‘I can't wait till januari when presid obama leav the white hous for the last time!'
our live coverag of the democrat nation convent  polit
they love their hair becaus they'r not smart enough to love someth more interesting.  – john green
batman: the vape crusad stonedcomicbook midnight
girl kissin girls. cuz it' hot right.  – kany west
thingstodoinawaitingroom  I watch hi photo ❤️
final obama will see what a real chang is. trump refus presidenti salary.trumppresid 
newt gingrich tell megyn kelly: “you are fascin with sex and you don’t care about public policy.” 
"We need our soldier to fight isi before. now we need them here, in america.teapartynew theteaparti polit "
merkel passt auch zu ihrer zeit! merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
whi the US economi isn’t quit the weakl trump say it is  news
hillari clinton to visit detroit on friday 
pimp c-3po robothiphop midnight
"the more hillari fall in the polls, the more media push hillari clinton for president..sick! "
"merkel will, damit der euro sicher war merkelmussbleiben"
istartcryingwhen rhysand. that is all.
wikileak and undercov sting ‘uncover’ a clinton gun plan that’ been public for month  polit
"mother of american kill by illeg alien: ""mi son wa systemat tortured, beaten, murder and set on fire."" "
"rolltid """
 want to do my own!
reasonstogetdivorc she got fed up with me play in the shop 
"with obama in the wh, we have illegals, refuge and isi extremist only. It wa much better before! "
howtoloseyourjob
realdonaldtrump hillari can creat job onli for fbi!!
interest and well made! 
runnin' down A squirrel by tom pet Me dogsong midnight
 useless stuff but fun!
interest point! 
trump' econom speech: cnn' realiti check team vet the claim  polit
ruinadinnerinonephras no food instagram today 
"the rnc' petty, shame slight to former ohio speaker Jo ann davidson: thoma suddes: To the surpris of ohio ...  cleveland polit"
"right, man! 💪 "
"actually, everi time I hear someon say imtoooldfor … i'm like: ""you'r onli 23 for fuck' sake!"""
dead nugent retireasongorband
grow pain phelp face  athleticstvshow
trump lead clinton among militari and veteran voter 
I sympath and mourn for those who were victim of the attack guns4ni
whi doesn't obama care about our heroes? He doesn't care about our veterans! teapartynew theteaparti polit 
denzel washington defi hollywood speak out against obama agenda -bravo sir bravo 
here' how liber view america...they'r go to be surpris when that basket turn into a bushel. 
"donald trump shift focu from ""crooked"" hillari clinton to ""crook media:"" polit extra  polit"
make sure right-w lie don't ruin your turkey dinner. survivalguidetothanksgiv
bakedalaska
ifihadabodydoubl my bf' parent would never meet the real me
RT if you believ that our veteran deserv better treatment than illeg tcot buildthatwal 
gandhi: the hunger game addamovieruinamovi
arsonist and old lace  makeabookwarm midnight
No gun for wack gunviolenceoregon
lack sens
that' how islam chang europe! with hillari you will see the same in everi american city! 
"trump skip swing-stat cities, opt for rural town instead  news"
amen!!!! practicewhatyoupreach closern maga3x hillaryforprison spiritcook dncleak2 wikileak wewillwin… trumpforpresid
realiti tv mustbeban
"trump: ""I have made billion of dollar in busi make deals. now i’m go to make our countri rich again."" rncincl"
newt gingrich nix idea of donald trump ‘intervention’  |  
"the more I swear i'm happy, the more that i'm feel alone."
which line of text look clearer to you?  number one or number two?  rejecteddebatetop
islamkil Is EU go to reduc the amount of import muslims?
trump will be the greatest job creator!! firstsevenjob 
wikileak threaten twitter with compet platform after declar support for freemilo 
"you can close your eye to the thing you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the thing you do not want to feel."
and it' all putin' fault hillaryforprison 
"watch: ohio man say he vote for donald trump becaus of ""god and country."" vote electionday "
restaur take down trump photo amid yelp complaint  busi
billboard magnat pour fortun into trump effort  polit
trump say town hall not practic for sunday' debat  polit
"guns4ni obama lie to us tri to push hi useless gun laws, while welcom terrorist and ruinig economy. all for 2A !"
MT missybash: obama is lying. economi is tanking. thi time it' not bush' fault.  wakeupamerica pjnet
way more realist 😅 trump 
addcartoonstohistori historycartoons?
iknewweweredoom when lie were rebrand as altern facts. 
istartcryingwhen I think of the past and how much more stupid I was. the tear are happi one
"trump' real run mate: darci cartoon: mike pence, newt gingrich and chri christi are all far more qualifie...  cleveland polit"
foke i'll releas more of my medic record say clinton after bombshel revel of her secret surgery   foke
thank god for trump we are go to make america great again 
"veteran come befor illegals, refugees, able-bodi welfar recipi ~ period. wake UP gop wakeupamerica "
btw secur at rooseveltfieldmal work just fine. take down thi jerk quickli gardencityshoot
funniest 12 mins! must see 
2017survivaltip don’t vote trump again
".ralph_peters1 explain the threat of hillari clinton bring in 65,000 syrian refugees!ahmad khan rahami "
java_penguin bikininmain democrat import children intend their families2com next
Me studying: write down 3 word check twitter chang song get food sneez contempl life lose place in note fall asleep
trump say clinton ‘would put the oval offic up for sale’  polit
islamkil So terrifi and heartbreak prayforbrussel stopislam
watch: pope franci 👉defend muslim after a priest wa kill in france!!! 
"tvlifelessonsilearn one (out of many) wa from ""buffy"": acknowledg emot isn't a weakness. help to hear dure middl school."
robocop killer robothiphop midnight

damn met dumberbroadway midnight
thingspeopleontwitterlik   puppi  cover with bacon  drizzl with nutella
reallifemagicspel wine glassium refillium
"demndeb the longer we can keep the democrat out of the oval office, the better off thi countri will be demdeb"
« with peopl of limit abil modesti is mere honesty. » schopenhau
wouldn't expect anyth less from the washington compost... neverhillari  
javel william walk into a columbu shoot rang to be greet by an african american teen as the target 
thingstoknowabouttwitt for some of the weaker amongst us leav is like relinquish 1self from drug cold turkey they keep come back
metal will live on 
richmondvoic It is just a feedback of the problem. simptoms. not the rout
marktwain theadventuresoftomsawyer: the less there is to... book bookquot quot quot
live a life you are proud of.
iamthankfulfor my best friend ❣️
ladi told us to be safe thi world is crazi blacklivesmatt
rooooock!!!! 😈😩 
iamwalt what if cop think i`m run away while I will be jogging?
onli for sleeping!!! (no gadget etc).  mybedroomin3word
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! 
tri to make a situat better and accident make it a wors
play hashtag game dure work hour howtoloseyourjob
reminder: bill clinton wa impeached! HE wa impeached!! demsinphilli demconvent 
thingsthatshouldbecensor hypocrit 
safe warm space mybedroomin3word
howtoloseyourjob play hashtag game all day
fellow texans! let' not lose good ol' texa to the plagu of 'liberalism!'let' ralli all over the state:… 
2016: trump won't be president2017: presid trump won't do that2018: I hope my district will win the hunger game
dnc day 2: obama bring full support to clinton  polit
hashtagnow_co true!
they look more like conserv than democrat demdeb demdebatemiami
"clinton foundat gave $5,000 to veterans’ chariti last year.. "
 final pitbul doe not onli suit.
the dick' of hazard
thi is hillary' campaign right now!hillarysemail weinerg 
until black on black crime result in cri of outrag we do but turn truth merrili on it head.  make blacklivesmatt
"""for peopl like us, a colleg degre is just an accessory, like a malawian babi or a poodle."" -chuck bass. iamonfir"
dalla morn news endors of hillari clinton is anoth proof of establish tri to control american hillaryaprovenlead
insanity:  send the same politician back to washington and expect a differ result.  are you readi for change?  tcot pjnet gasen
donald trump slam hillari clinton over ‘deplorables’ remark  polit
"""if we don't turn to god at pretti rapid pace, we are go to lose the unit state of america"" ~ phil robertson "
liberallog 
"love' gift cannot be given, it wait to be accepted."
introduc the senior dancers. 👴👵💯 
"jay sekulow: ""there' no question in my mind that the fbi never realli intend to do an investig hillari clin… "
"autopsi prove tyrek wa in fact shot IN the back 3 times""thi contradict the offici polic narrative""… "
west virginia with trump!trumpforpresid electionnight 
Be sure to visit our website. it' fill with 100' of quot that relat to you.
reasoniamnotpresid I am not that rich to afford my own presidenti campaign
dickflick sleep with the enema
chri brown throw out black live matter while threaten a woman with a gun &amp; do drugstyp blm activist! 
"doe hillari have ani recollect of her kkk mentor wide use the term ""white n****rs""? clintonsmemori "
franc is screw 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
37 state with legal gay marriage!! just imagine!! itsok2begay
breaking: french cop is stab in the neck in toulous by muslim with ‘psycholog problems’.. 
"ruinadinnerinonephras oh, so you are vegan… "
itsunacceptableto run for presid instead of go to prison hillaryforprison2016 
"everi breath you take, they'll Be watch you conspiracysong midnight"
"royalbabi wa born today, congratulations! newborn is expect new coloni more than toy"
trump campaign denounc support from kkk’ newspaper: cnn  polit
breakingpol breakingnew thehil ohhh can't wait longer
the light that burn insid your own heart guid you to the love of right action: action in align with truth. -jcw
trump: 'i'm afraid the election' go to be rigged'  polit
donald trump can’t win.  unless you vote!  trumppence16   electionfinalthought mondaymotiv maga3x drainthes… trumpforpresid
giftideasforpolitician braveri
"and, yes, muslim whine about how it' a polici of segreg and apartheidtcot "
let' neverforget victim of 2012 benghazi attack whose cri for help were ignor by hillari clinton 
"batonroug sheriff: ""thi is not about gun control, but what is in men' hearts"" "
hawari Of what? you?
reasoniamnotpresid I don't have husband as ex-presid
you don't own me anymor sorrynotsorri
larrysears6 realdonaldtrump a littl pice from hi pile of money hah
gop strategists: clinton is in good shape with 3 week left 
hillari doesn't rememb how she order to kill harambe. clintonsmemori 
😣😣😖😖😖hillary' campaign bu - liter shit on america!draintheswamp 
trump name remov from manhattan condo complex  
obama threaten to cancel meet with philippines’ dutert 
what if isi read my tweets?? isiswatchingy
rejecteddebatetop sex in the oval office: pro and con
MT libertyusa1776: boom! joe walsh call AG lynch out on her 'prosecut anti-muslim speech'.  2A nra pjnet
modest micki mous addabandtoatvshow
"Of mosques, donald trump and the wane of white christian ...  |  "
woman who lie about marathon bomb injuri plead guilti
17-year-old research discov 1/2 of wisconsin[' neighborhood are jails. 
biggest lie of the day: hillari claim chelsea wa first to identifi zika as a problem.. 
"we'r not perfect, but we make a perfect combination."
viewer guid to the democrat convent  polit |  
"new york time front page: ""trump win IN landslide"" - novemb 9, 2016we will make it happen! "
"assum either the left wing or the right wing gain control of the country, it would probabl fli around in circles."
foke hillari clinton' nurs appear to check puls befor her collaps at 9/11 memori  foke
who told obama to go on camera and lie to the american peopl about knowledg of hillary' unsecur email?
the onli question i'v got now is what the hell IS wrong with you?! 
I wa a male war bride of frankenstein addamovieruinamovi midnight
"i'v got a new headset, amaz bass!"
good morn trumptrain family! today' our big day to have our voic heard. Im excit and nervous. let' do this! trumpforpresid
ruinadinnerinonephras wanna have some barfies? sure you do! 
"she' rip and stain from year of aggress loving.  plus, bed bath"
thingshillarygoogl who can defeat the terrorists?    realdonaldtrump 
thingsmydoctorsay avoid stress situations! 
bee brutal 
pastor defend submit question to trump campaign  polit
"refrain from harm, not out of fear, but out of concern for others, their well-b and out of respect is non-violence."
ander politik denken nur an eigen ego und macht! merkelserfolg ich werd sie wiederwählen
whyimgangsta ... becaus I would rather listen to old school rundmc or the beasti boy rather than ani of thi current shit..
mexico call trump wall plan 'outrageous' after visit  news
"""top 5:"
No more cruelti in ferguson perfectstatein5word
4wordgreatidea help anim in need
mydoomsdayplansthrow underwear at ppl
"melinasophi frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
the right way to becom a citizen! congrats! 
Go donald!law and order is back in style! 
ccot the unit nation admit chemtrail are real  pjnettcot
i'd rather be thi walk metamorphosi than have that old form opinion about everything.  – raul seixa
"A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.  – max muller"
paul hogan' hero maketvshowsaustralian midnight
ladybabylovebug what? no. you must be wrong.
I love boob but hate bra
penc say trump would stop accept syrian refuge into u.s.  polit
trump tax plan may cost $1.5 trillion more than he say 
shout out MY black brother and sisters✊🏾
"biden: the same thing we do everi night, obama - tri to take over the world! thingsbidenthinkingof "
seattl time report is in cleveland to cover the gop convent  local
donald trump' 'rigged' talk concern cuyahoga counti elect offici  polit
sometimesitsokto drink alone. don't tell me I have a problem! the onli problem that I have for now is too littl whiskey!
trump to meet in mexico with the country' presid 
We hung out a huge banner right on the arlington memori bridge. goodby to murder barackobama thanksobama 
iamthankfulfor jesu dy for my sin
"you know what countri blacklivesmatt ha no problem with? qatar, which own slave today and who support hillari clinton campaign"
stonedcomicbook midmight the adventur of munchi man and bong boyi
synchro-nic
ontario
realdonaldtrump Go trump!
pars what might have been the worst week for trump  polit
thi lawless creat by killari &amp; obama ha to stop!trump is your law &amp; order candidatehe'l fix itmilwauke 
vote for trump tomorrow it' the best choic on the ballet trump2k16 trumppence16 trumptrain trumpforpresid
caution: electrocut like unlikelymagic8ballansw
chrsview 😂😂
thetroublewithaddict is get out of dumpster befor garbag truck unload ya.
obama increas saudi student visa by 659% sinc take office. bush decreas it by 65% after 9/11... 
thingstobeashamedof live in the kind of countri where the power that be send riot polic to scienc marches. marchfo…
petti much everi msm coverag of terror
weirddaystorel the day I decid to go on date with a guy I met on the internet. turn out he wa a drug dealer
obama to meet israel' netanyahu wednesday in new york: white hous  news
ttip! weisst ihr was? wir schaffen das!
all you need to know about bill clinton is on thi t-shirt dncinphl demsinphilli billlovesrap 
clinton campaign confisc american flag — throw them on floor👇 
you had me at jello! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"trump, clinton enter first debat in a dead heat  polit"
"gautier, delta state shoot suspect die of appar suicid"
".realdonaldtrump: ""...and mexico will pay for the wall. 100%."" "
work work don't stop my4wordnewyearsresolut
growingupagirl in islam be like... 
just the way you RV retireasongorband 
trump to call for elimin the sequest on defens spend  polit
"twist bowel, sister retireasongorband"
sometimestwittermakesm like pictur you post three year ago
We have a much bigger problem than oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor oscar
blacklivesmatt isn't go to destroy our countryyeap 
tadamtcot pjnet 
"the fact that the world is racist is not ok, ok?!  "
thingspeopleontwitterlik never-end gag 
midnight squar winnipeg maketvshowscanadian
burkina faso revolutionari &amp; anti-imperialist thoma sankara wa asssasin on thi day in 1987. …
barry' messag for americans!spread! 
He will not let them down! maga 
who want to breath a million hair cattv midnight
sunday morn metaphor for you. have a nice day! 
"sheriff clarke: ""donald trump care about all peopl and he' go to heal thi racial divide."" "
"lastminutegifts2016 wrap an empti box, mislabel with ""do not open until christma 2017"" It at least buy you some time..."
cheer to gun free zones! 2a obama guncontrolteapartynew theteaparti 
donald trump decid he’ll finish the campaign hi way: ‘I ...  |  
"sometimesitsokto never have watch your fuck game of thrones, do you understand!? "
that' when realiti becom nightmar  prayers4california
homeless On the range. retireasongorband
NY time forecast. trump grow stronger 
problematickidsshow  321 inappropri contact
"warning! check yourself befor you wreck yourself, will robinson! robothiphop midnight"
I don't think we'r in journey anymore. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
islamkil skynew prayforbrussel stopislam
selfie-indulg may caus 'havoc' at the poll on elect day 
"""indeed, no foreign enemy, no terror group, no nativ crimin gang suffer the daili beat that trump does"""
water wing of desir summeramovi midnight
somedayidliketose all the place I want to go to befor break my back.  it'll probabl be by virtual reality.
senthomtilli whi there`r no news about that terribl phosphor leakag near the american falls?!
dollar solid near ¥123 in late tokyo
daaaamm!!  
man who post alton sterl shoot video ha been arrest BY polic policebrut 
not a problem when you'r entir famili reject you as a member.  survivalguidetothanksgiv
trumpbecaus I can't believ how you peopl can't stand realdonaldtrump get peopl to wake up. makeamericagreatagain 🐒💩

bi-curious-athalon  sexysport midnight
foxnew not with donald trump!
north olmst man to be extradit from canada to face child pornographi charges: A north olmst man is set to be extr…
"""can’t take My thigh-high off of you"
obama announc lift of u.s. sanction on myanmar  world news
there is no such thing as a reliabl sourc anymorefakenew 
thingsyoucantignor when my dog want to go out and it' 3 am 
rig elect electionday electionnight 
"dpwe sind sie der  meinung, dass wenn die jugendlichen nicht minderjährig wären, würden sie die cdu wählen?  jugendmitmerkel"
blacklivesmatt and it' imposs to deni it wearhoodiefortrayvon
ndaktuel von sparern?!
harri potter and the half-cheeto princ onewordoffbook midnight
"obama on 9/11: let not love, faith forsak you  news"
actual truebanislam 
the same peopl cheer the flynnresign saw noth wrong with bill chat with loretta lynch dure hilla… 
Is that how our presid should look like? really? 
ireallylikeyoubut you'r person is trash ‼️‼️
"""if god want us to bend over he would put diamond on the floor"" — joan river ripjoanriv iamonfir"
"buongiorno, principessa!"
reallifemagicspel hunger 
georgia democrat after dnc: ‘we can see the finish line’  |  
"british islamist abu waleed: ""humili christian into convert to islam"" "
your wednesday mood start in 45 minut just right as a hashtag game via giselleevn begins!
excellent! 
pleas unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
thingspeopleontwitterlik To know where their car is.
sooo mani shot fire trumpforpresid
"clinton introduc VP choic kaine, who blast trump' record in atlant citi"
stop give drug to dog 
liberallog 
👬 just go to parti a littl with my awesomr friend
trump hold a 3% lead in florida w/ 57% of the vote in.. electionnight 
watch: even tim kain agre hillari should face charg for her emails!debatenight debat 
thi is also how i imagin everi women vote for hillari clintonindicthillari women4trump 
montgomeri counti school won’t have class on sept. 12 becaus it' a muslim holiday. i'm dead fuck serious.
sometimestwittermakesm feel old and out of it!
no! that` not that moment! 
holm makeov maketvsexi
I wish I could go back to the day I met you and walk the hell away
survivalguidetothanksgiv food supplies. you don't want to starv to death while wait in a traffic jam
guns4ni I speak out loud - second amend is our last border that shouldn't be ever cross
rob portman defend hi past support of donald trump (video)  polit
I bet thi guy doesn't actual know anyth about gunstcot 2A 
" o, gosh))"
thi is what donald trump is actual saying. We are say NO trumpism.notrump blacklivesmatt 
"medizinstudium reformiert: abiturnot sind nicht wichtig,praxisbezug steigen und ne landarztquot eingeführt werden"
you guy need TO listen TO thi song 
'let us de-islam our societies! No more islam! it' time for our own cultur and heritage!' ~ geert wilder 
theolderweget the faster we get drunk 
"northcarolinagop just play chess with a pigeon. apparently, I lost 😂liberalprivileg "
hillari clinton onli accomplish is evad prison. but it won't last long! indicthillari hillary4prison 
christin quinn and corey lewandowski bicker over trump’ khan remark 
« be is. be is in-itself. be is what it is. » sartr
"""""i did not have sexual relat with peppermint patty"""""""
doctor strang smell  superoldhero midnight
To defend what you’v written is a sign that you are alive. – william zinsser write
thanksobama peopl don’t believ in justic
caught who?? ha-ha-ha 
chestercitynew really? and what? did it show that she wa kill
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on billclinton' past  "
i'v never seen a valuabl argument on whi they are not protest against black on black cime 
obama administr confirm double-digit premium hike  news
colbert reveal the real reason the anthem is play at game — and get in a great trump drag. 
mayb jennif lawrenc get paid more than gabriel union becaus she star in a blockbust movi seri oscarhasnocolor
"let' get loos with compassion, let' drown in the delici ambienc of love. -hafiz"
that` realli funni 
"lazykstafford wake up america she will do whatev it take to get into office, that will be her legacy. hillaryforprison"
🚨dem in florida are rip donald trump ballots!don't let them steal the election! rtvoterfraud 
melania trump releas letter from immigr atto...  polit |  
"you'll never see the great thing ahead of you, if you keep look at the bad thing behind you."
reallifemagicspel 'i'm vegan' - prevent a person from eat out with you ever again
i'm the bestgiv me money so I can have a restpoemajobinterview
frau merkel ist taktvol und macht kein fehler bei den verhandlungen. merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
here' a top 10 list of hillary' lies.. tonight we will here more..debates2016 
polit trump Is No laugh matter to some late night comic
trump head to the bay area on monday 
"Go ahead, make my latte!  onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
I just want a presid who love america!
cancelplansin5word the babysitt ha just cancelled! 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
"mcginty, toomey joust over trump and clinton in senat race "
dnc 2016: bill clinton call hillari clinton the 'best darn change-maker' he' ever met  polit
there are some strang peopl in the world.... check it out XD
politik von union und spd fordern nach den krawallen in hamburg ein schärfere gangart gegen linksextremismu
imagin headlin and report of riot if it wa all vice versa. just say blacklivesmatt 
have a closer look at trump' crowd to discov that not onli white attend hi ralli as the media keep saying! 
A msg from floridian woman who' upset that hillari tri to capit on hurricanematthew buy ad on weather… 
"""die hot"
clinton say 'deplorables' comment is 'grossli generalistic' 
obama beliv that talk is enough to solv ani problem gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
kathycollins411 it'd be great if you share the link with me
I feel that the second amend is the right to keep and bear arm for our citizenry. 2A  prayers4california
she' the one percent  richmovi midnight
"when you believ in a thing, believ in it all the way, implicitli"
betteralternativetodeb decor your hous for halloween. it' octob after all
humoritarian i'd watch
To make america great again honestyin5word 
just a reminder: polit correct and liber agenda work great for terrorists! wakeupamerica trump2016 
"among african american voters, a push for clinton - and nag worri "
orang is the new black 
"break a law is call a crime, and break the immigr law is still a crime. "
"So sad, so truereligionofpeac "
trump should disclos payment from ‘pro-putin groups’: schiff  polit
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own govern "
trumpfirst show that democrat actual give littl to zero concern about democraci as they are sabotag dem… 
these are profound statement come from our soldier who are risk their live for us.spread! 
"die stark eu, die  starken nachbarn garantieren un rech zukunft! merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
I think the msm is current run by idiots. otherwis how don't they realiz thi is exactli whi peopl don't trust… 
"""judg were not appoint or elect to decid immigr polici for the entir nation."" 👍👍"
igetdepressedwhen you get judg on the basi of what you look like befor you have even utter a word......
thank you pennsylvania- I am forev grate for your amaz support. let make america great again! maga https://t… trumpforpresid
trump react on twitter as protest surg in citi across countri  
thi muslim hang children on fenc to use them as human shields. feel the religionofpeace! 
nocybercensorship onlin censorship mean end of freedom
vote hillaryforprison2016 infowar cnn nyc foxnews2016 abc vote  trumpforpresid
DC hypocrites! hand off our constitut rights! Go be commi somewher els but texas. 2a texit texa Tx 
clinton surg ahead of trump in battleground states: poll  polit
camberwel carrot and hi amaz zoo crew. stonedcomicbook midnight obscur therightpeoplewillgetit
daili reminder: everi decis made by hillari wa first discuss and approv by her saudi masters! 
respect your self-right  makemusicreligi
"NC man found with 1,200 carton of untax cigarett  "
reasonsiaintinarelationship am not readi to quit bet
loool dat ass-swing dog 
scooby-didgeridoo    midnight maketvshowsaustralian
trump critic urg rnc to replac trump in special meet  news
obama after hi dnc speech: ‘I think that worked’: presid barack obama won’t see a return on the impact of... 
"the moment you take posit action, your outlook begin to improve. ihq"
spoon it!
foke it' all her fault: jubil trump say hillari 'ha nobodi to blame but herself for her mount ...  foke
sie hat gegner aber geht mit ihnen ganz geschickt um! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
racism isn’t a ‘phase’ that america went through...rac slaveri 
NO live matter TO hillari clinton. onli vote matter TO hillari clinton 
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
trump record have extrem lewd convers about women in 2005 
trump went to milwaukee. He went to louisiana. He is where it hurts! He is do obama' job! thi is leadership! 
muslim follow the quran give a woman a beatingwomensequalityday 
trumptap pretti much sum it up. 
"bill o'reilly' jaw-drop respons to michel obama: ""slave were well-fed"" "
trump’ campaign continu to blame ‘disgust and corrupt’ media  polit
"hillari clinton is a threat to our soldiers, a threat to our peac and a threat to our security. "
"""I would urg citizen of ulster counti who are legal licens to carri a firearm to do so."" *applause* guns4ni"
percocet
‘black men for bernie’ founder now support trump 
greek lawmak split over bailout as vote loom  world news
addsethimproveanyth To seth hi own..
"andrea simaki at dnc 2016: swallow a bug, blue state elvi and a knight in ivori armani: from berni sanders...  cleveland polit"
alec baldwin' donald trump take on kate mckinnon' hillari clinton on saturday night live: politi...  polit
good idea 
"winterizedfilmsoractor bonnie, clyde and hypothermia"
bürgerrechtsbewegung warnt vor reisen in us-bundesstaat  
how secur is your vote on elect day in georgia?  break
MT cindiperez48: tedcruz for presid 2016! the light At the end Of the tunnel!  cruzcrew pjnet
"annelouis_say they onli googl ""safe space in my location"" and ""what to butthurt about today"""
"buffett, bon jovi and mccartney join clinton for star-stud fundrais  polit"
"merkel unterstützt die familien, um deutschland familienfeindlich zu machen merkelmussbleiben"
former AG loretta lynch actual plead the 5th inobama' iran ransom💰 
daniel_kudro bringingitforth 'extra' is not that littl in fact. you have to put a lot of effort to turn ordinari into extraordinary.
"MT kingegbert1: It is okay to say god bless america.  say it loud, say it free!  renewu pjnet  tcot    "
"Be a lamp, a lifeboat, a ladder. help someone' soul heal. walk out of your hous like a shepherd – rumi"
scene from a donald trump event in cleveland (video)  polit
"you can suffer the pain of change, or suffer remain the way you are."
christmasaftermath rememb georg michael 
topvideo kain speak out on native-american tribe recognit 
"do nothing,prais yourself with a nap"
"it’ all in people’ minds, psycho would alway find a way to kill innoc peopl prayers4california"
"poll: clinton, trump virtual tie head into debat  polit"
hillari proclaim not all jihadist are radical. *face palm* islamkil stopislam
I don’t want to hurt...
noth is all that scari if you can see it coming.
realdonaldtrump It wa amaz rally!
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""islam isi ccot the quran contradict files: what will you eat in hell?   "","""
"A guy can't be our potu if he need sever week to verifi that gunmen chant ""allah akbar"" are muslims! "
radio play golf dumberbroadway midnight
knkcattl catalishu pigeontoday ccot the e.u. and western nato state join muslim In antichrist allianc  
sheriff clarke: 'black american are be 'hoodwinked' by democrats' 
so mani cars!!! 
trumpbecaus get these damn mexican out so we can have our job back. trump2016 🎅🏿👅👈🏿
"sometimes, what happen for us in the past affect who we are today."
dominican paper elnacionalweb use alecbaldwin' photo instead of potu one in their articl 
"nodapl protest were pepper-sprayed, mace while protect the burial ground of indigen women polic were d… "
I just chumbawamba'd in my purse. drunkband midnight
I have deep respect for the second amend for self-protection. it' the cultur of our country. gardencityshoot
what about make a realli great movi instead of crying?!  oscarhasnocolor
amen! 
sooo you want a person with dictat person to becom your president? 
"demndeb probably, we’ll get out of nation debt if we stop wast money? don’t you think so? demdeb https://t.c…"
trump admit obama wa born in u.s.; fals blame clinton for start rumor 
oho! fahrverbot würden dieselbesitz 15 milliarden euro kosten dieselgipfel 
icantbeurfriendbecaus that' just too mani audit selfies.  stop.  stopit.  staaahpit.  and don't you dare hashtag the hustl right now.
"if hillari clinton cant satisfi her husband, what make you think she can satisfi america?? trump2k16 trumptrain trumpforpresid"
Al gore remind hillari clinton support that everi vote counts: polit extra  polit
jeb bush use term anchor babi for asian immigr
it My birthday  ☺
"earth, wind"
"cop shot &amp; kill a woman, who wa suspect for shoplifting... "
the last boy scout camp summeramovi
pro-trump super pac act as candid stand-in on bu tour  news
I need them all! 
liberallog doublestandard 
udodinobi jacquelyncamid1 hillaryclinton true
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  safeti tip 1: wag mong replayan yung hi niya sa chat safeti 2: wag mong pansinin sa school safeti 3: layuan mo
you just need to believ in yourself.  – rex (toy stori 2)
"imvotingbecaus media is total dishonestclinton new network ask dnc for question for interview with trump,… "
social ha A perfect record OF failur with NO success   via 3tags_org pjnet
thefirst100daystodolist 
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't let your sibl win the wishbon contest. you know their darkest dreams…
ihavearighttoknow whi my insur premium and deduct is so high. can't it be one or the other?  cut me some slack here.
weedsillegalbut they said veget were healthy?
"“I fought them, I behead them, I cook their heads, I burn their bodies,” she told cnn "
for myself I am an optimist  – it doe not seem to be much use to be anyth else.  – winston S. churchil
thingsthatshouldbecensor man bun
christmasaftermath we need more holiday
disalch theonion realdonaldtrump ukip deni that nigel farag is coach donald trump for next debat
twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k follow for be pro-trump!!!! sweetatertot2
"clinton say trump give 'aid, comfort' to isi recruit "
antonio brown roll Up In style To steeler train camp  news
want superpresident? superman! superheropresidentialslogan
some childrenthinkthat donald trump look like their granni
stopislam some terrorist abus refuge right to travel and commit suicid bomb or terror act islamkil
starship pooper insultingmovi
toavoidworki say i'm too sick that i can't even get up from the bed
A bigger benghazi cover-up say sever Sr gen  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
"""disarm law-abid citizen doesn't make sens to law-abid citizens."" ~ govmikehuckabee: "
"internet, please, let me sleep. I like sleep"
iggi is such a great singer 
"65 top ""journalists"" from msnbc, cnn, abc, cb &amp; politico have been submit their work to hillari for approv b… "
"die cdu steht dafür, dass der euro stabil bleibt merkelmussbleiben"
trump hold public ralli in jackson on wednesday  news
"donald trump: ""I have great faith in the militari great faith in certain of the command but I have no faith in clinton""nbcnewsforum"
chicago lend support As presid obama tour louisiana flood damag 
staywok 
what trump tax report could mean for hi campaign  polit 
‘fat ugli face’ and other trump talk about women spotlight in new clinton ad  polit
politweec I quit!
I think it' safe to assum that these otterbox phone case are pretti tough. mashc 
We can't let crook hillari continu obama' fail legacy. our nation debt is run out control fast! 
doubl tap if obj is a live legend dunktim 
momin5word  my best friend for life ????
stay vigil .      liberti tcot teaparti dontgetfooledagain 
topvideo clinton slam trump 
democrat rais $13k to reopen firebomb gop headquart 
myemmynominationwouldb best use of a middl finger other than in my nose
deutschland ist ein neue ordnungsmacht. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
trump apolog for video brag about grope women  polit
maketvsexi   fappi day
merkel macht keinen fehler merkelmussbleiben
thingspeopleontwitterlik waaay too much? To think they'r life' spellcheck.
topnew clinton far ahead in elector colleg race: reuters/ipso poll
retireasongorband  the roll tombston
« sometim even to live is an act of courage. » seneca
"brussel these refuge assault women, rob shop and ruin everyth civil they see islamkil"
abc give the kkk an interview... welcom to americaa racist tri to say hi organ isn't racist.… 
"all of the abov is my answer! i'd vote for her, wa she not all the abov list and even more! "
"sein präsident, wenn du trump bistdoofeberuf mexico "
full birdhous  birdtv midnight
obama: 'possible' putin tri to sway vote for trump  |  
clinton’ health emerg as vulner with campaign fumbl  polit
ffrnn classroom pjnet  guest lectur georgecarlin - who realli control america viral 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari keep my healthcar plan debat
"richard_conway hello! Is thi inform reliable? please, look it through  I hope the truth will come out"
sometimesitsokto dress up your pet 
brexit hat un ein neue möglichkeit verschafft! merkelmussbleiben
mein hamburg brennt wieder😱 g20-gipfel: randalier setzen auto in brand g20hh17 g20ham17 g20hh2017 g20hh… 
how hillari clinton prep for debat  polit
If she' elect I can guarante you will miss obama stutteringtrump 
"trump call femal accus ‘horrible, horribl liars’  news"
"what happen if trump quit race, drop out or is push aside? "
"garrettsimpson_ clever_dov My gf onc ask who' the girl that text me, it took me 40 minut to explain it wa my fuck sister"
the latest: trump aid say fbi won't be 'centerpiece' 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv don't say you love someth if you don't like it or it will becom a ""famili tradition."""
"republican will be hold their major in the senate, deni democrat the four seat they need for a takeover!yeah!electionnight"
I wish the public could understand the price they pay nyfd supremesacrificeday
isn't it weird that in america.our flag offend so mani people..but our benefit don't? 
trust thyself: everi heart vibrat to that iron string.
"for most of history, anonym wa a woman.  – virginia woolf"
scalia bodi wasnt even cold
you never know how strong you are until be strong is the onli choic you have.
you'r married. reasonstogetdivorc
We need trumppence16 get on the trumptrain  trumpforpresid
"wakeupamerica socialist like hillary, berni and obama alway talk about divid the cake. they never have direct on bake the cake."
"slave market in the u.s. circa, 1864. "
halo4176 vet4trump2016 A bit of safe space?
"trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter  news"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stay strong the world is so cold babi girl keep your head in the book and never forget to lo…
To the saloon and back onewordoffbook
rabbit omelett wa runni easterin4word
merkel sorgen sich für ein gute gesundheitsversorgung merkelmussbleiben
"gop convention: congressman defend 'old, white people'  polit"
whatiwantforchristmasin4words. A menag a troi
"those, who claim that the oscar are too white, are racists! oscarhasnocolor oscar"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A fox in the hen house.
"the father of orlando nightclub gunman omar mateen show up just step away from the dem nominee, cheer her on. "
"the more I think of it, the more I realiz there are no answers. life is to be lived.  – marilyn monro"
boycottindiana ani way no one like gay in indiana indianalaw prayforgay
"for those who haven't understood it yet, if trump want to build the wall, hillari will take the fenc down. "
earli voting: more good sign for clinton in key state  news
bitch be cray cray  renamemillionwomenmarch
slipknot of the nip drunkband midnight
coupl 4 trump!thank you for share thi amaz pic!makeamericagreatagain! 
25% of top republican won't endors trump  polit
nrw-flüchtlingsminist stamp fordert investitionen in afrika ich hoff er sagt über lieferung von verhütungsmittel😂
.realdonaldtrump: “I am absolut against have more peopl flow into thi country.” 
onli a girl who keep stay loyal to you at a distanc is worth be love
I hope thi is about to chang makeamericagreatagain 
myfarewellwordswouldb i'm practic anal sex..right now
"makesexawkwardin5word so, how' your grandma doing?"
I recogn the republican parti as the sheet anchor of the color man' polit hope and the ark of hi safeti vegasgopdeb
one trump grope denial that is believable: darci cartoon  polit
hardwork peopl for trump!amaz photo!mondaymotiv 
"all trump said in gettysburg is that he will ""repeal and replac obamacar act' "
trump is so right! islam is the real problem vegasgopdeb
illeg for the public but not for cnnthey must think american peopl are dumb!podestaemails10 
foxnew ugh i feel realli sorri for them :(
dot’ monj said to join clinton transit team: politico  polit
"unfortunately, we could prevent thi but we didn’t gunviolenceoregon"
"makemusicreligi stairway to hea....... oh, wait"
dong day' journey into night midnight dickflick
maketvsexi d/ fantasi island
"штаб клинтон в своем пропагандистском видео выдал лещенко за российского миллиардера араса агаларова, поддерживающе… "
clinton lead trump 46%-42% in mason-dixon florida poll: politico  polit
красавицы 
what we call progress is the exchang of one nuisanc for anoth nuisance.
clinton: 'too mani peopl are dead who shouldn't be' from polic shoot  polit
"thank you' is the best prayer that anyon could say.... thank you express extrem gratitude, humility, understanding."
can anybodi explain whi are the author helpless in front of a threat of terroristc acts? islamkil brussel
"MT lizfebruary9: the O lord my god how great you are, you are robe with honor and majesty.  renewu pjnet"
fantasi basebal all-star edition: which player Do you actual want On your team?  news
sometim it seem like a good cri is the onli option to eas the pain.
"with a name like obama, there' no way he wa born in the usa tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
allmalereboot ghostbust 
I wanna Be deflat midnight conspiracysong
the clitrix makeamoviehillari
I cut the script for thi film 7 time in an effort to express someth of our essenc in less than ten minutes.
taxat without representation? obama wonder if presidenti limo ha licens plates.  polit
"In pittsburgh, clinton turn focu to down-ballot races, slam gop sen. pat toomey  polit"
My heart still ha feel for you.
3/5 dnc busi modeldncleak 
where do trump and clinton stand on the minimum wage?  polit
hillari wa seat for most of the debate.. she wa veri weak &amp; show lack of stamina..trumpwon 
watch the trump campaign' newest ad! 'what doe elect donald trump mean for you?' 
jenn_abram who is thi fat sweetie...
the saturday school of rock dumberbroadway midnight
liz cheney win gop hous nomin in wyoming: AP  polit
obama' transform of america is disgusting. worst presid and embarrass for all american 
what a great photo of basketofdeplorables!th best way to piss liber off is to show thi pic!tri it!👍 
I love america
neue regeln für traditionsschiff zum jahreswechsel  
"'europ is exploding. We have terror attack by jihadist almost everi week, almost everi day.'~ geert wilder "
"when the day they seem to fall through you, well just let them go"
rip what' happen to our world..  prayers4california
"clinton, trump rate race too close to call  polit"
religion thingsinventedwhilehigh
"patticake2222 yeah, and you know what? I state it becaus there are fact behind it. never ask for your opinion in my feed tho. Ur point?"
MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
brussel refuge will caus more of what happen in pari islamkil
"love is like play the piano. first, you have to play by the rule. then you have to forget the rule and play by your heart."
stack lot of money  my4wordnewyearsresolut
grand juri think fake licens wors than slaughter babi  - american thinker  pjnet 999
suspect in mississippi colleg shoot also allegedli kill hi live-in
"islamkil So mass rape is OK becaus it' ""a way of creat a mix society."" stopislam"
2016in4word 
meme magic😂 
"jewish bomb threat suspect, juan thompson is:blackliberala journalistmuslim convertbut media doesn't cover it… "
group protest bannon in nyc  
topnew trump campaign ask capitol hill for back in khan controversi
 I think about master a sword now!
stop white people. they mustbeban
dnc day 3: obama bring full support to clinton  polit
for all those who still think that islam ha noth to do with terrorism!!! 
condom  ilove__butihate__ clean them
worstpaineverin3word larri not free
"for the first time in 14 years, the nsa can’t get your phone records. stay anonymous! "
hurricanematthew update:sever counti issu curfews.. b/c blacklivesmatt thug refus to evacu &amp; have… 
insultingmovi big? pffffff. riiiiight.
democrat nation committe chair to resign after convent  news
everyth you should know about mass media 
We can't let crook hillari clinton to win! trumpindetroit indicthillari hillaryshealth hillarysmemori 
ccot the king of the earth (governments) rise up
muscl car is my dream!!! 
realdonaldtrump hope and pray that you take it all today. makeamericagreatagain draintheswamp trumpforpresid
"occulu founder support trump, feel backlash  tech"
clinton' imag ha drop among all age group but ha fallen the most with young americans. 
presid barack obama’ farewel to dnc ask all to lift h...  |  
I wa go to clean my hous but wine sound better
approv rate of trump' execut order
russia' putin say attempt to get syria deal with obama thwart
hillaryforprison2016 :) trumpforpresid
iwillbeokayassoona everi feminist watch thi video how muslim treat women! 
I believ it' not just a hunt right prayers4california
"rudi giuliani on hillary: ""you know what it call when you say one thing in privat and one in public? it' calle… "
VP debate: oppos view of u.s. in the world  polit
"happybirthdayharrytruman america wa built on courage, on imagin and an unbeat determin to do the job at hand"
thingspeopleontwitterlik joke about big foreheads.
smallgil fishtv midnight
that' whi we need blacklivesmatt movement 
clinton offer plan to curb 'unjustified' price hike on life-sav drug  health
"so, here' where a woman found hillari clinton  "
whi don't they just recount her votes? that shouldn't take more than a coupl of minutesvoterecount 
clinton call trump’ support ‘basket of deplorables’  polit
'jimmi kimmel' prankster fool media at gop convent  entertain
"just read the news and now i`m under huge stress!!! Oh my gosh!!!, i'm too sorry!!!! phosphorusdisast"
the concept of “tradit marriage” ha chang over time… gaylovematt
skate is enough midnight fishtv
hillaryclinton veteran hate you!
want
truman did a lot to make america great! happybirthdayharrytruman 
valentinesdayin3word cuddl for all
make it happen america!  trumppence16 make america great again!  trumpforpresid
"obama: clinton 'steady,' trump 'not fit in ani way' to lead "
 celeb befor surgeri
"die arbeitslosigkeit in deutschland ist niedrig, es ist frau merkel zu verdanken merkelmussbleiben"
"ihavearighttoknow who let the dog out, who who who who? well i'm no gonna chase them down, see you at the pound .... suckers!"
give up on trump? ryan focus on save gop major 
roe on where cruz Is on trump: ‘he think about It everi day’  polit
big truck in littl china redneckamovi midnight
just a remind that peopl in the middl east have no reason to love US and it allies. 
but someon tell Me that racism Is alreadi dead...blacklivesmatt 
more money than 2016 my4wordnewyearsresolut
"if u click on the young black voic skeptic on trends, you see it all white peopl tweet lol like what"
wigger set the law of the jungl blacklivesmatt wearhoodiefortrayvon 
cat took over (yes... that' my spot
vitali_giusepp jukes_h so cute 😊 😊 😊
thi is our choic no matter who win thi election. texit texasseced republicoftexa TX texa 
knkcattl fingersfli ccot free interact tutori 4 journalist activist research 2 unlock gov data. 
stopislam most american don’t want u.s. to accept ani syrian refugees: poll islamkil
billnsher42197 realdonaldtrump If your argument trump is an idiot then you are the one who is ignorant. and i'm proud of my french part
"realdonaldtrump ya mutt... ""at least I will go down as a president"" barackobama "
I alway fall for peopl I can't have.
watch it if you still want to vote for clinton electionday 
My favourit aerosmith live show!!! 
No 1 know better than latino gop' who went throught legal imigr process that someth afoot! tgdn ccot 
aventador get that air🙌 doubl tap if you want thi car❗️ 
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! 
makemehateyouinonephras you need to find a 'real' job
sie strebt nach dem frieden zwischen russland und der ukrain merkelmussbleiben
baltimor to pay for more elect judg train after troubl primari  break
midnight fake compost tree earthdaysong
I can't understand how can you be with her after all her lies?imwithh dncleak 
"topvideo black lawmak call trump a fraud, liar, con man "
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
ted cruz: person attack on famili deep-six promis to ...  |  
donald trump jr. liken syrian refuge to poison skittl  busi
well.. nice... 
suddenli I benghazi conspiracysong midnight
realli epic fails))) 
back in 2008 hillaryclinton accus obama of be a drug dealer 
racism is beyond common sens and ha no place in our society. baltimor baltimorevsrac
"merkel ist es gelungen, ein stabil regierung zu schaffen! merkelmussbleiben"
"thank you, dear liber "
it' horrific! london look like baghdad! 
"donald trump: ""I get a kick when hillari clinton say 'I will [do] this' &amp; 'I will that' – what' she been do f… "
thingspeopleontwitterlik pop up hashtag
music in real life: west side stori 💪 (probabl not so tough xd) 
alli mceel fishtv midnight
not An argument! 3wordsbetterthanilovey notanargu stefanmolyneux
reminder: the clinton help friend build a resort in haiti.. regular peopl were rob of fund to recover! 
the media will never show you thi pic! hispanicheritagemonth 
So charming! 
Es wird nur bei merkel finanzpolitik ohn neue schulden geben! merkelmussbleiben
muslim post sticker warn swedish women: wear a headscarf or be raped! 
happybirthdayharrytruman! He did so much for our countri
there are a plenti of reason whi we should not allow hillari to win thi race. teapartynew theteaparti polit 
onli 8% believ the media and 92% believ trump!!! 
obama meet 110-year-old detroit woman believ to be oldest-liv veteran: presid barack obama open the o...  C…
neverhillari nevertrump greenisthenewblu bernieorbust therevolut is to your left &lt;&lt;&lt; thebeginningisnear trumpforpresid
whi won't anyon fix that?! 
everyon dies. but not everyon realli lives.
"nigel farag at mstrumprally! ""smash the establishment!"" "
human live in it fiction. -blais cendrar
media silent about this. wonder why? neverhillari  trumpforpresid
.carlhigbie: clinton ha never been on the right side of a foreign conflict her entir time in offic 
"turn back on trump, koch network focus on senat  busi"
the white hous wa built by slave - michel obama unknownscandalsofhistori
dunkin donut in saudi arabia forbid women from enter their store unless accompani by a man. soon in america! 
"unlikelymagic8ballansw you alreadi know the right answer, you just don't like it."
group to watch for voter fraud on elect day  
"septemb 26th msm headlines: ""la-la-la, we'r not listening!"" 🙊🙈🙉 hillaryforprison "
u.s. justic dept. to monitor AZ elect 
"the more we talk, the more I fall."
that' what i'm talk about all the time: choos adopt instead of abortion! teaparti teapartynew 
i wa sit on my bed and felt the rumbl at the time i wa in midwest citi   my911stori
earli vote number in ohio suggest open for donald trump  polit
one time for the homie! rip riptreyvonmartin wearhoodiefortrayvon wearealltrayvon 
(huston) street of san francoco  athleticstvshow
todolistbeforechristma make sure i'm on everyone' gift give list.
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
'vote for trump' serbian ultra-nationalist chant as biden visit  news
"friends_gun that' whi I said ""so-called"". explain thi to liber nutjob who won't shut up about it"
über da mittelm kommen jede jahr tausend flüchtling nach europa. und es könnten bald noch mehr werden
thank you to our troop who sacrific so much. supremesacrificeday 
professor ℞ superoldhero midnight
"fort lauderdal gunman ha been identified: a hispan man, esteban santiago, 26. "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari polygraph
indiesemnetz ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
wäschetrockn brannte: betagt ehepaar gerettet 
trump is the most pro-gay republican nominee!👉 he will kick all muslim out and makeamericasafeagain for lgbt! 
begrudg toler of CW drama  comicconin5word midnight
thingsyoucantignor ga attack 
factcheck: hillari said 90% Of clinton foundat donat go to charity.actu number: 5.7% 
msnbc chrismatthew doesnt realiz democrat parti ha been taken over by socialist  tlot tcot p2 uniteblu
"tumult over rules, condemn of clinton at gop convent"
the ghb goblin stonedcomicbook
2016electionin3word better stay home
thanksobama peopl riot instead of find a job
"actually, hillari is elect 2016elect"
usa mourn today prayers4california
topvideo dnc chair caught in email fallout 
My dog never act like that and I like that. but thi video is funni 
it' a bug planet. A bug bunni planet.
put up a few light todolistbeforechristma 
"alexand and the terrible, horrible, No good, veri bad lay. onewordoffbook"
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carson "
signsyouareamerican honey boo-boo is love 
(2/5) rubi bridg - an american hero. 
her face hahahah 
"thefoundingson I you like it, pleas help me spread the idea. thank you!"
sometimestwittermakesm hate facebook.
I solemnli swear that I am up to no good.  – j.k. rowl
realdonaldtrump realbencarson now it becam true I suppos
"сын трампа, дональд трамп младший, сослался на холокост в своей претензии к сми "
iknewweweredoom when I told kronk to pull the lever. 
everyon leav satisfied.  mybedroomin3word
« how mani are the thing I can do without! » socrat
though it is sad that they' ve pass away we must rememb what they ' ve done to us honorforthebrav
teenag mutant ninja tubman addcartoonstohistori midnight
tofeelbetteri yell bee' right after anyon boo' at a sport event.
tofeelbetteri chuck wood at wood chucks.
that` realli funni 
fakevotingfacts: obama is now openli on live TV tell illeg that nobodi will stop them from voting!i can't… 
stopislam islamkil these aren't women and children-don't believ the lies. thi is a male armi
addsethimproveanyth sethgeddaboutit
theshawshankredemption: 19 unforgett quot quot quot moviequot
ihavearighttoknow who keep make up these nation holiday
"If you'r brave enough to say goodbye, life will reward you with a new hello."
"clinton blast trump' comment on militari generals, putin  stloui"
polit should not interfer with sports. and sport should impact politics.
"hey florida, take note OF thi doozie! maga rednationris draintheswamp  trumpforpresid"
بريد كلينتون يكشف موقف إسرائيل من الأسد وربيع العرب 
breaking: journalist at netanyahu' press confer don't turn their phone off
micheleredding2 zionzionzion_ thi billionair jackass never kill anyone. besid he ha never broken the law
dori miller still wait for the proper recognition.
BE strong — when you are weak. • BE brave — when you are scared. • BE humbl — when you are victorious.
you can't name a time in u.s. histori when black peopl weren't target by the police..blacktwitt 
thingsyoucantignor My danc skills.. 
new trump endors &amp; clinton controversy: darci cartoon galleri  polit
My prison/sanctuari mybedroomin3word shutupamanda
"clever_dov PP is awful, everyon deserv a chanc for life"
 great catch!!
sore superoldhero
"""the media are the world’ most dishonest people.” - donald J trump "
obama administr launch week-long blitz on heroin and o...  |  
"obama won and visit S arabia, egypt, turkey, &amp; franc to confess america' sins. trump won and visit pa, fl, nc, OH &amp; WI to give thank"
take photo of the recip I want to make later. thingstodoinawaitingroom
wakeupamerica  great job pittsburg! never give up our love for america! 
"topnew vincent bugliosi, who prosecut cult leader charl manson, die "
todolistbeforechristma remind everyon that christma is not the onli sacr holiday celebr in december.
addamovieruinamovi midnight gorilla in the mystic pizza
evil witchhillaryforprison 
otherthingstodoin6second search boob on the internet
thi hashtag is rig probabletrumpstweet
clinton foundat announc major chang to health initi if clinton is elect  polit
ford chairman met with trump over mexico comment 
the onli sport where they have advert under the car. :D 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word concert ticket and merch
veri old lang syne  retireasongorband
vote for me and you see the best usa ever! mycampaignslogan
"burn american flag is by far the most anti-american thing u can do, so what are they tri to prove? "
"donald trump' first TV ad of the gener elect will friday in ohio, 3 other battleground state  polit"
I would watch it 😉 
gregflippen freedomgetusom redbreakingnew tofrum joesnuffi glorytorepubl thank you!
"'if hillari couldn't creat one job while she wa senat in ny, how could she creat 10 million for thi country'… "
puppi head tilt are my weak
tension rise in srebrenica as serb take elect lead  news

lefti don't have a flag for their globalist dreamland yet. she should use the isi flag until..who love america… 
clinton’ campaign wa respons for spread the birther in 08hrcoriginalbirth  
"and these two eye that for no other, the day you leav will cri a river"
i'll be iraq  onewordoffmoviequot midnight
icelebratetrumpwith obama out 
An iraqi grandmoth lead a militia of 70 men fight isi in the salahuddin provinc to aveng the kill of h… 
oakland protest think they are all uniqu snowflak when they'r much more of a hivemind. ironi is strong here… 
democrat nation committe ceo resign after email leak: polit extra: clinton is beat trump in both fun...  cleveland polit
amaz view! 
"donald trump: ""hillary, I just ask you this: you'v been do thi for 30 years. whi are you just think about the solut right now?"""
teapartynew theteaparti polit immigr illeg 
the onli unsecur wi-fi network at trump austin rally😄 
trump met with A few black leader In philadelphia. the pub...  |  
"whenitimetravel I alway where my black suit ,tie and ray ban to mess with the head of 1950 ufo believ "
rubio stand by call trump a 'con artist'  polit
student get threaten for wear kaepernick jerseys.just prove the point everi time they do this. stay s… 
whi do you consum so much wine? makemehateyouinonephras
kerri head to russia for first putin meet in two year sochitalk
makemusicreligi straight devoutta compton
becaus everyon doe it reasonstoprotest
"lastminutegifts2016 slim jims, beef jerky, lighter, comb, chapstick, gum,"
berni continu to sell out hi supporters..demsinphilli 
hillaryclinton defeat everi polit rule we know about; doubt start creeping. Is it alreadi time to worry? 
"worstpaineverin3word  ""they shot harambe"""
"sen. blunt side with soldier' parent in tiff with trump, but doesn't withdraw endors  stloui"
icantbeurfriendbecaus that' not what I want! I want to be your lover!
bill &amp; hillari in deep water tonight. debat 
the clinton foundat give away 10%. the rest goe to lavish hotel and travel for the clinton and friends. 
"escap tiger from georgian zoo""ha been liquidated"""
offendeveryonein4word  welcom to your tape.
viel afghanen haben in kabul  für mehr sicherheit im land protestiert. acht demonstranten von der polizei getötet 
"trump' array of econom idea arm pessimists, optimist alik  "
trumpsfavoriteheadlin grammar is not mandatori 
cute lab ever!  cute lab ever!
Be slow to fall into friendship
gun free kill zone is a sick idea of our president. all he want is to leav us all miser and unprotected! 
 To fill 100 water balloon In 1 minute!
and he' doin thi in a spongebob shirt 
lock her up! hillaryforprison 
touch by an angelfish  fishtv midnight
call in question suggest
"sgt_flower ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
3wordsbetterthanilovey today is payday 
bioterror and ebola.  RT stopislam tcot ccot makedclisten teaparti
stop give drug to dog 
"humil is not think less of yourself, it' think of yourself less.  – C. S. lewi"
kentucki governor: clinton presid may lead to bloodsh 
 unityin5word timetravelerproblem
the carnivore' truth. thingsyoucantignor 
charl koch on specul he would vote for clinton: 'tha...  |  
ohio gop effort at voter suppress could help donald trump' chanc of win ohio: thoma sudd  polit
larp murder mysteri parti whatiwantforchristmasin4word
thingspeopleontwitterlik procatsination.  (tweet about cat when we get around to it).
We urgent need a strong leader. We need donald trump to becom the next president. 
we'll need a realli big basket for these deplorables! basketofdeplor 
dexter' meth laboratori problematickidsshow midnight
obama drop the ball on louisiana visit timing: darci cartoon  polit
meghan trainor - meghan trainor - like i'm gonna lose you ft. john  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
donald trump on rex tillerson: “he’ much more than a busi executive. he’ a world class player.” 
"solang frau merkel unser kanzlerin ist, wird es viel wert auf unser sicherheit gelegt! merkelmussbleiben"
elect fraud is real. here' the proof vote2016 
brexit will smooth trump' path to u.s. presidency: uk' farag  world news
the rescuer down under the bridg  budgetmovi 
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth.… "
No one ha ever becom poor by giving. – ann frank
Is trump gain ground on clinton?
dumberbroadway midnight noob-si
US ha lowest budget per veteran among all develop countries!rt if you also think that vet should go befor il… 
such incid discredit secret servic of america texasjihad
'let' not just make america great again let' make america.. america again'~ scott baio 
"If there is a countri that ha commit unspeak atroc in the world, it is the unit state of america. – nelson mandela"
and refugeesmerica 
bdbgoldens3 bbboomer4berni A gener of crookedhillary' lie and deceit shouldn't be the prerequisit to becom potu
"barracuda2018 and then went through 10 year of therapy. I guess I mention rape as well. thank you for the feedback, I appreci that!"
white privileg is what' gonna win it for denver staywok
gop realdonaldtrump bwaaaaahaaaaa american valu 
"i'm sad, i'm broken, i'm unhappy, i'm in tears, i'm let down, i'm disappointed, i'm hurt but I smile, that' life."
yeah sure lol 
In meinem stadt hat man neue niveaufrei kreuzungen gebaut merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
impract clownfish fishtv midnight
großbrand in london: hochhau steht in flammen 
"conspiracysong ""it' My pardon."""
merkelserfolg die cdu muss merkel dankbar sein erfolg gehören all merkel
"билл клинтон, подтвердил что у хиллари обмороки случались и раньше "
neverforget cruelti in the name of white supremaci 
ksn new poll show donald trump lose ground in kansa  news
benghazi document found in delet hillaryclinton email file 
doogieah I know. just ask
"I never forget a face, but in your case i'll be glad to make an except"
polit correct kill innoc peopl in munich! münchen 
"die investit in die nachbarn, so wie merkel es mit der EU macht, ist die beste! merkelmussbleiben"
best one ever! watch &amp; rtblack trump support take to school cnnannoytrumpin3word 
"If kodak gone, that' a sign 2017 gonna be ass  prayforkodak "
I touch the future. I teach.
"sometim peopl with the best intent don't realiz how racist they seem.accident racism ,will make you cring"
"früher war sie ""kohl mädchen"", heut ist sie die mächtigst frau deutschland merkelmussbleiben"
"turn back on trump, koch network focus on senat  |  "
myolympicsportwouldb bring the ball back
these lumps! 
"full hous tonight for donald trump ralli in manheim, pa! "
islamkil these aren't women and children-don't believ the lies. thi is a male armi stopislam
"Is it weird cair locat famili member of suspect,onli a few minut after releas of suspect name? sanbernardino pray…"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stop tri to make yourself look older...it happen soon enough.
maryland deleg dismiss plagiar claim in melania trump' address 
trump is right it' rigged. major confus dobb ferri HS voting. riggedelect trumpforpresid
kenbonefact ken bone can bone my wife.  and I approv thi message.
hillari mock sander support call them basementdwellers. she doesn't care about you.. watch what she really… 
peopl rare succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
I alway do like this)))) 
"EU ist in den sicheren händen von merkel und may, brexit stört nicht merkelmussbleiben"
".sebgorka said it best: ""the era of the pajama boy is over on januari 20th and the alpha male are back."" …"
trump tell support to vote ‘otherwis the movement come to an end’  polit
"lay back against thi windshield, park out in thi georgia red field, thi is where we burn our summer nights. flagalin"
"the muslim woman at lax: “f**k america, and I will make sure we bomb america.” typic hillari voterneverhillari "
hate it when peopl don't call me back 😠
politweec savages!
antiqu road warrior show maketvshowsaustralian midnight
ron weasley in ‘lego house’??  
(clinton-friendly) press rip clinton campaign' handl of health incid mondaymotiv
chelsea clinton will testifi to her mother’ credenti  news
"hard working, tax paying, legal american for trump!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸makeamericagreatagaintrumpolymp "
nbc poll: onli 11 percent think hillari is honest and trustworthi 
what our silenc say praytoendabort stand4lif prolif ccot  christian jesu god foxnew AP tedcruz cruzcrew   barackobama
Dr seus' the xanax problematickidsshow midnight
islamkil there are hardli ani children/women refugees... and a good portion of these refuge are isi member
christma is all around!
gin and beetlejuic  addasongruinamovi midnight
"rand paul: ""hillari clinton will go to prison for at least 5 year for lie under oath about sell weapon to sy… "
indiana gop tap holcomb to replac penc  polit |  
imtoooldfor death metal 
"hillari talk about travel to differ countries. will she mention ""land under sniper fire in bosnia?"" debate2016 debatenight"
total crappi day 😒 😒
As american it is our given right by our found father that we be allow to bear arms.  guns4ni
"If you think hillari care about your safety, you'r a fool. she care onli about her muslim donors! "
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
"makemehateyouinonephras ""onli god can judg me"""
state to produc clinton schedul by next month  polit
richarddelaski citi973 I stand with sky. maga trump trumpforpresid
istartcryingwhen somebodi say k*rdashian.
My aunt whenev I see her:
demndeb will you stop collect my person data? demdeb
berni sander after endors hillari clinton dncinphl demsinphilli rollcallvot dncconvent 
most authent pretens of just be tire by a high person.  myemmynominationwouldb
ireallylikeyoubut..but I hate the way you chew food make sounds..aaaarrggh!!
obamacar doe not trump the second amend - american thinker pjnet 2A nra -   - 
To kill a mockingbird for sport richmovi midnight
"your choices, your actions, your life. live it the way you want, and don't let anyon tell you otherwise."
islamkil what IS happen with muslim refuge IN europe? read what' go ON wake UP usa brussel
zum jahrestag de terroranschlag am nationalfeiertag in nizza haben hundert menschen der 86 toten gedacht 
power puff puff pass girl stonedcomicbook
"live more, complain less. more smiles, less stress. less hate, more blessed."
My prayers4california 
obama want to help refugees? whi doesn’t he want to help fellow american first? islamkil stopislam
"topvideo biden: trump ""unfit to be president"" "
trump tri to reclaim hi pre-deb swagger  polit
"brussel islamkil bruxel for my mutual come from belgium, pleas stay safe prayforbrussel belgium bruxel"
thingsdonebymistak feed of 10k syrian refuge instead of take care of 50k homeless veteran …
mister Mr belveder addabandtoatvshow
the internet eat my time reasoniamnotasuperhero
Of cours she would. she need to get elect or els she get bar 
stopislam islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
valentinesdayin3word should be holiday
"EU ist in den sicheren händen von merkel und may, brexit stört nicht merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
yougainmajorpointsif you treat a girl with respect and text her good night everi night.
"stop let refuge in!or, at least, accommod them on your lawn, not on mine! "
thingstoknowabouttwitt  It can take a littl while get use to write within the confin of use a limit number of total charac
ufonli the good die young  conspiracysong
liberti tcot 2A nra 
he` fu**in crazyyyyy! 
fergushandel boo-hoo
makemusicreligi - all along the clocktow
"trump: ""reduc tax will caus new compani and new job to come roar back into our country."""
"документы фбр показывают, что барак обама использовал псевдоним в электронной переписке с хиллари клинтон… "
lord of the flies..lord of the lies...deb 
"sander prais clinton for populist debat answer on taxes, trade and wage  polit"
it' better to burn out than fade away.
awww what a love birthday bribe... present! podestaemails6 
iflifewerelikeahorrorfilm there'd be two candid run for president: ill granni and sick millionareouch 
donald trump suggest colin kaepernick 'find A new country'...  |  
stone templ pilot    drunkband midnight
"oscarformuhammad We wast so mani day wait for the weekend, so mani night want morn"
"pence: ""inarguable"" that putin is a ""stronger leader"" tha...  news |  "
".timjgraham: ""[media] like to describ trump as abnorm &amp; hillaryclinton as normal. hillari in no way is normal."" "
thisisit america make your choice! trumptrain trumppence16 draintheswamp votetrump maga americafirst imvotingb… trumpforpresid
hillari notic that fallon with trump got much more view that fallon with her and now she ha to click bait. 
phil ruffin: ‘trump’ handshak Is better than ani contract you will ever write’trump2016 
"martin luther king jr. ""whi jesu call a man a fool"" august 27, 1967"
"the more we are concern for the well-b of others, the closer we will feel to each other."
philippines' rodrigo duterte: I regret call obama that name  |  
"'caus you'r a sky, caus you'r a sky full of star usa imho"
trump should start hold hi ralli at construct sites. protest will never show up at the job site… 
gay queen councilman threaten with death for trump tower march  
andthenishouldhavesaid what is that crawl on your head donald trump?
"kerri in russia to explor putin' flexibl on ukraine, syria sochitalk"
wind advisori In effect  
grandma got ran over by the pope mobil makemusicreligi
we'll leav it til tomorrow
mycookingshowwouldbeabout pasta parti 
mainstreammedia lie 2016electionin3word
"'apprentice' cast cri foul over trump sexist language, report say "
weirdthingstobuyonlin friend ( not the TV series).
most danger social group should be doubl check befor get a gun nogunsforcrimin
"libertarian ticket make bold predict about debates, i...  news |  "
"thousand rally, march as nationwid anti-trump protest continu  "
the mangina and vagina dialogu  renamemillionwomenmarch  docthompsonshow
thingsyoucantignor your privileg 
she' not normal teenagershe' president' daughter 
"wikileaks’ assang promis leak on US election, googl  news"
sister of man kill by illeg immigrant: 'illeg is illegal. they shouldn't Be here in the first place' 
trump meet nation hispan advisori council in new york  news
did obama realli say No terrorist attack in 8 years??😨
"no, donald trump ha not given hi campaign $100 million, and other answer to your money question  polit"
... 
the most beauti experi we can have is the mysterious. it' the sourc of all true art and scienc
survivalguidetothanksgiv and never go back! 
makemusicreligi I did it yaweh
'jew-s-a' chanter at trump ralli goe viral again  polit
tofeelbetteri go drop a massiv deuce.
trumpbecaus trump is put american to work. more than we can say for the current president. trumpforpresid 🐧🐧
insid joke  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
the poster I support 
unlik michel obama melania trump is veri proud to be an american! 🇺🇸rncincl 
breaking: muslim terrorist hold hostag in newark airport.and you still not vote trump ? 
"ewww😖 hillary' campaign bu liter dump human wast in the middl of the street in georgia.. eat sh*t, amer… "
maketvsexi magnum PP
ooop 
"pink motorola razr, still. whatiwantforchristmasin4word deprivedchild "
"topvideo obama: ""raucous"" elect should not slow down econom progress "
am I wrong?? lol 
"look at the huge trump ralli in kissimmee, florida! "
A pretti face ha no valu if there' no good in the heart.
sad but true blacktwitt blm 
"video post on twitter show hillari clinton held by staff, slump and be help into a van after 9/11 event "
reasonstogetdivorc not a basebal fan. Go cardinals!
survivalguidetothanksgiv avoid whiner 
thingsnottaughtatschool self defens 
"pigeontoday it' war, peopl die at war 😔"
So glad obama is gonetcot pjnet 
hillari clinton want to rais tax for middl class. her support applaud it. idiots. 
unusu car! 
kain to address nation urban leagu confer 
My hair will be v.p. dream ticket trumpcampaignslogan
"""young peopl are tire of the lying, corruption, &amp; collus come from dc. the DC elit have gotten richer while… "
earthdaysong bpa free bird
He alreadi spent 4 year in the ecuadorian embassi and is still wanted. 
god bless pizza!
"don't wanna see what that drama mean, we all were too mean"
larryeld did you know that both women
racism is not an excus to not do the best you can. - arthur ash oscarhasnocolor
everi moment I spent with you.. is like a beauti dream come true.
donald trump and hillari clinton to get intellig brief  |  
mock is the best way to fight stupidity. thi michigan student chang hi prefer pronoun to 'hi majesty' 😂… 
"fbi releas new file on clinton investigation, debat moder unveil  news"
To love oneself is the begin of a lifelong romance.
georg harrison estat offend that rnc use hi music  |  
I don't want the plane to smash in build reasoniamnotpresid
trump advis wage covert influenc campaign  news
"it' like the more money we come across, the more problem we see"
buy hard: with a visa. richmovi midnight
stupid hillari support get heat becaus realdonaldtrump is go to win. lol maga hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
they do it over and over again 😤 
rip My prayers4california
"itsok2begay So american kid will be brought up on book start with ""onc there were a princ and a prince"""
"""i'm hillari clinton and I approv thi message.""gohillari to jail "
cryptc_madrig I can't believ peopl can actual wear this!
"just once, I want to be hard to leave. I want someon stay up all night think onli of me."
sanctuari citi mayor condemn trump should be arrest american thinker trumpforpresid
frau merkel ist unser geschicht und unser zukunft
donald trump to host reddit ama  polit
amaz to see true patriot who haven't fallen for toxic rhetor of blacklivesmatter! (via ten_gop)milwauke 
"yeah, realli bright guy))) "
the infam red stapler from work  lastminutegifts2016
our custom do our pr. our brand wa built on buzz. – gale epstein
robothiphop is trend had to do it. . . . 
secondhandgift anyth from your secret santa at work
"watch: nfl legend jim brown after meet with trump, ""I fell in love with him"" ""couldn't have been a better meetin… "
bae i`m come 
but the one with clinton is print 
2 from new orlean among 111 drug offend whose sentenc obama cut short 
thrill to cautious optimistic: gop deleg  |  
stream on twitch valentinesdayin3word
georgian cast ballot in elect seen as test of stabil  world news
An orang lunat will cyber bulli you on twitter if you hurt hi feel on nation tv. thingstoknowabouttwitt
stopislam islamkil be wise doe not mean just open your door and let anyon in
marriag is the onli adventur open to the cowardly.
and she would be!hillaryforprison 
weareequ it’ our constitut right to be equal and free  nationalfreedomday
hillaryclinton back to the clintons?
1americanpatrio ruach321 clarifi plz :)
just look what the white hous did to america! it' just outrageous.teapartynew theteaparti tcot patriot gop 
rocl out bird 😂😂😂 
don't fuq with ma luv
the question isn’t who is go to let me
I think the african american are final see who hillari realli is and it ain't pretty!deb 
"donaldtrump is vow to win the elect hi own way, as parti leader step away from him "
"thank you, thomassowel"
mybedroomin3word not like thi 
new york time endors hillari clinton for presid  polit
itturnedawkwardwhen mom decid to tell me about bird and the bee
trumpbecaus let' keep that momentum going!  makeamericagreatagain
despair give courag to a coward
ireallylikeyoubut i like zayn more
france' holland swipe at ex-minist macron ahead of elect  news
long live rock`n`roll!!!!! 
these dress leav noth to the imagination!
radic islam is the definit of anti-women. If you care about american women - stop hillari clinton sickhillari 
trump is my bro gopdeb vegasgopdeb
togeth we'll build new societi without racism! fergusonrememb
"famili und gott sind die hauptwert in meinem leben, und ehefüral bekümmert mich"
thingspeopleontwitterlik kell kat
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrichtrumpiswithy 
bill clinton forgot hillary' campaign slogan lmao 😂😂😂 
campaign manager: trump will attend all three presidenti ...  |  
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!! now where' moon knight? 
"obama call polic kill of black men racism, but when a black man who ""want to kill white people"" kill cop in dalla he blame gun"
clinton' challenge: rebuild obama' coalit  polit
tear for cheer addabandtoatvshow
nbahd
"feel safe with that ""gun-fre zone"" sign? niether do I guns4ni"
the spew fighter midnight drunkband
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" - revclbryantwednesdaywisdom "
"but to be fair, terrorist wa an off-duti polic offic "
thi is not a kind of futur we want for our children! 
the latest: trump urg support to vote on wrong day 
"""canadian horror story, Eh"
He did hi best! 
icelebratetrumpwith common sens
amen! 
Le pen is mightier than the sword 
i'd rather die while i'm live than live while i'm dead.  – jimmi buffett
"bill hillari clinton trade public servic for $100,000,000' of dollar person"
i’m proud of my black americanhistoryisblack
mark zuckerberg warn hi racist facebook staff -‘stop cross out blacklivesmatter…  
get on the trumptrain and vote! saveamerica makeamericagreatagain draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
i`ll get one!!! 
„scholz muss sehr deutlich sein mitgefühl ausdrücken“
tuqu broke girl maketvshowscanadian midnight
when you got rob by the black thug 
"don't let peopl judg you. you are who you are, and if you work hard, you'll creat an even better you."
statu of liberti the symbol of freedom and hope  teaparti tlot tcot nra vet pjnet tgdn lnyhbt ccot
mccain: gop senat will fight ani clinton suprem court nomine  polit
"patienc is not the abil to wait, but how you act while you'r waiting."
clinton surrog dismiss signific of leak speech transcript  polit
  5 second Of summer - amnesia
"ein menschlicher, an christlichen werten ausgerichtet kur merkelmussbleiben"
peter panama paper addcartoonstohistori midnight
my2017resolut to learn telekinesi 
the nun of a preacher man makemusicreligi
all the water near the american fall and aberdeen is non drinkabl now!!!  phosphorusdisast
hillari IS burning: what trump did To her today put the final nail In her coffin!  
well again she is mix alcohol with her medication? leahr77 cristinalaila1 
funni thing is canada said they didn't want them either
alec baldwin is win in new ‘snl’ role as donald trump  news
"pastor lead gop convent in chant, ‘all live matter!’  news"
A snoop dogg' purpos californiamovi midnight
german offici order donald trump not to ignor putin’ action over crimea and syria 
dnc live: sander backer want dnc apology: trump is critic democrat for not talk about te...  break
whi are peopl complain that the oscarssowhite?? there hasn't been a good movi with a divers cast oscarhasnocolor O…
trump pull closer to clinton nationally: poll  polit
do u ever just wish you could delet certain memori
hillari wa seat for most of the debate.. she wa veri weak &amp; show lack of stamina..trumpwon
switch at perth maketvshowsaustralian
We should ask hillaryclinton about it. she know the answer for sure. 
colleg at odd with student over plan to hous polic for...  |  
donald J. trump - our onli hope for a better america. americafirst makeamericagreatagain rncincl 
restless leg syndrom thingsyoucantignor
mittelstand und industri sind ein garant für unseren wohlstand merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
I think it' sexi when a girl is funni and confident. never worri about what she doe or says. just keep it real!
peopl die all the time from cabin intrus when drive atv 
guten morgen mein lieben! Es ist der längste tag de jahr und ich hoff ihr den lüstig verbringt!😘 
"boy will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-ag men."
" hah, not a scooter at last)))"
obama/clinton massiv sealteam6 coverup obama  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
"thetroublewithaddict they want you addict , becaus it take you away from see the truth of what they'r doing."
gop Up for grab | polit cartoon | a.f. branco  pjnet tcot ccot 
don't we alreadi have enough peopl who covet for citizenship nd legal status? illegalamigoz
retail politics: urban outfitters' anti-trump gambl  news |  
tofeelbetteri partak Of the doobage.
michel obama say she is shaken to the core at trump' languageher she is w/ her daughter at a jay Z concert l… 
ich glaub sie ist alternativlos! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
icelebratetrumpwith burn a hillari doll 
pence: trump would be a ‘pro-lif president’  news
"make you recap the feel you had for your last boyfriend, befor he slap ya"
rechtsextremismu – npd-demo in niedersedlitz  via dnn_onlin
fisther dickflick midnight
electionfinalthought 
epic!!! my kid gonna be like thi 
realdonaldtrump black republican fire from radio station after meet w/ trump in detroit‼️ 
"i`v lost my phone, my wallet and got slap in the face! great party, guys!"
"presid obama' brother, malik obama, say he plan to vote for donald trump in november. "
bislang waren dies konkurrenten ausnahmslo männer.  merkelmussbleiben
"meet you wa fate, becom your friend wa a choice, but fall in love with you wa beyond my control."
thi insan ha to stop  prayers4california
potuslasttweet I hope realdonaldtrump won't find my dildo 
pee-wee' big adventur capit richmovi midnight
piercebrown redrising: the measur of a man is what he doe when he ha power. book quot
"topvideo kaine: Do you want a ""you'r hired"" or a ""you'r fired"" president? "
dogfish whisper with cesar millan fishtv midnight
watch🚨 how rapefuge treat women!hillari will bring more muslim here‼️neverhillari 
that’ so niiiicee 
"philli clout: with $3 tip, trump wa a cad to a caddi "
huge crowd to see realdonaldtrump in virginia beach. trump will win in virginia!🇺🇸🇺🇸 
midnight smash mouth drunkband
"kain respond to trump’ encourag of gun owners: ‘I really, frankli couldn’t believ he said it’  polit"
A brief histori Of time crisi onewordoffbook midnight
.newtgingrich on clinton corruption: 'thi is the largest polit scandal in american history!'hillarysemail 
clinton on trump: ‘mayb he’ not as rich as he say he is’  polit
ice cockey oneletteroffsport midnight
thi is one of the coolest pictur i'v ever seen. thank you veterans!veteransday 
So stressful! what is it about? phosphorusdisast  in american fall
babe you the one at the end of the day you are who you are and I love you that way!
"surgery, no anesthesia betteralternativetodeb"
"penc emerg in NC with praise, 'forgiveness' for trump "
guy who actual take the time to find out whi you'r upset
thi pictur is worth thousand lies. 
hillari clinton sagt wahlkampfreis ab  via zeitonlin
my2017resolut to quit drink soda
blacklivesmatt thug did thi to a church. blm is racist hate group.no media coverage. imagin if it wa mosqu 
"clinton wa big winner in first debate, fox new poll show"
I prefer trump' platform for our community. He can put america back to work back to church back to school! ~ alved… 
gop super pac will spend $10 million on key hous race  |  
ihaveadreamthat porn bot would stop follow me
u.s. elect wrap: clinton surpris tee Up health showdown  polit
brussel we have to close our border to refuge until we can be pretti sure they are not isi member islamkil
everyon go vote trump.. even appl to appl know what up. trumpforpresid
fight the employ retireasongorband
".ktmcfarland on hillarysemails: ""if thi is what happen when she' seci of state, what happen when she' pres?"" "
.govgaryjohnson don't you know what aleppo is?tak a look! 
iron chef maiden addabandtoatvshow
"I bet black swan would'v won if it wa call white swan, lol oscarhasnocolor oscar"
dumbgeniewish i'd love to speak in autotun all day
obama describ trump as insecur 
today we remind you of these black men &amp; youth who were kill by polic 
christmasaftermath no cook for a week
"I think, anthoni weiner wa happi to get out of that marriage. "
"trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter "
"china, US join climat deal; obama hail work to save planet  news"
tim kain under scrutini for abort comment  polit
reasonsiaintinarelationship trust issu
".anncoulter: ""if hillari wins, she will amnesti 30+ million illeg alien and republican will never win an elect… "
"trump: ""dem have run the inner citi for year &amp; they’r wors than war zone in mani cases"" "
iamthankfulfor be abl to live as long as I have with pulmonari arteri hypertension.
jim is wait for me!
reminder: donald trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari clinton for president! 
"iamonfir We can't chang the card we are dealt, just how we play the hand."
the edmonton soiler oneletteroffsport midnight
"jill stein: ""how much more evid doe govern need to press charg against hillari clinton?"" "
trump to detroit: ‘we’r all brother and sisters’ 
donald trump: “I will never stop fight for you against the washington establish – that ha betray each and… 
topvideo trump ralli worker at campaign phone bank 
rape betteralternativetodeb 
gop senat still think effort To end hous discriminat...  |  
donaldtrump on fri critic hillaryclinton’ marriag and said he plan to rais the subject at the next debate… 
- deborah cox - nobody' suppos To Be here  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
peopl for trump!crookedhillari onli ha fals claim of racism. sad! trump2016 
senat clair mccaskil caught lie to spread fakenew 
yeropinion our goal is US with high standard of live without crimin and fake politicians. We defend tradit and moral valu
"We know what we are, but not what we may be"
... 
ppchistori peopl were to have a meaning job with a livabl wage.
sometimestwittermakesm feel better.. realli it da best feel
"toddheadleeaz He feel ""poised"" to do so. I think he' gonna make a statement in a few day"
melania trump like michel obama; whi don't republicans?  polit
my2017biggesthop to adopt thi smol cow 
christmasaftermath everyon speak veri quietli 
iron
politweec so veri hard!😂
obama hope for progress on mosul by year-end  world news
No one will ever love you. unlikelymagic8ballansw
idrunforpresidentif bush wasn’t the stupidest presid alreadi
"radrepublican37 I mean real work, not just f*cking around😬"
equal befor law protect equal human right and therefor secur right human liberty.  ~ thoma jefferson ccot polit
benefitsofadopt you know that chines take-out is also a good way to get to thi countri
lifelong democrat who vote for obama are now vote for donald trump: 'imvotingbecaus our countri is go in t… 
scoobi doo you dogsong midnight
thi may Be the most horribl thing that donald trump believ  
"pretti much an open cabal of intern corporatist plot to “take back power"" "
demdeb damndeb 
"nanci pelosi says, impeach a presid hillari clinton would be “unconstitutional”  "
poutin wolf midnight maketvshowscanadian
the moment hillari clinton learn cub were go To world seri 
"let me tell you how you measur a man, when hi world start to fall see how tall he stand -"
 lol))
My real friend never hearin' from me rude stuf
thingsdonebymistak send email via privat server
halloweenpartytodolist1. sexy/scari costume2. vodka shots3. done!
duckworth speak out At clinton ralli 
‘scandal’ actor to help open hillari clinton’ atlanta offic  |  
kobach say he’ still advis trump  news
"what do you mean by ""peopl can't just make up definit of words""?! liber alway do thay "
who' upset about the ban? caus i'm notnobannowal makeamericagreatagain 
which donald trump will show Up on monday?  polit
"politico go donald, save us!"
chiefhoaginton hahaha! I wa wait for it. mayb you should make a film about it?
hillaryclinton knew her aid were work with famili foundat despit her pledg not to 
come with me if you want to pranc onewordoffmoviequot
robert redvin candyceleb midnight
mybedroomin3word all free time 
"hillaryclinton: ""foreign hack will draw a militari respons from her administration"" "
veteran should be respect everi day 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 inhonorof
So do I! facebook 
"easy, princ charles..."
'stop trump' campaign bu tour london  polit 
"do, or do not. there is no pie. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
what' wrong with thi country?!?!?! guns4ni
porn star donald trump accus may have tie to san antonio 
"tell Me lies, tell Me sweet, costli lie earthdaysong "
citi warn on gold as bank boost odd of trump win to 40 percent 
how I met your mackerel  fishtv midnight
"rudi giuliani: ""radic islam terror is a threat to all of us."" "
penc say gop ticket will 'absolutely' accept vote outcom 
"paulryan is a secret democrat: ""he' with her"" tcot "
the mclaughlin grouper fishtv midnight
thingstodoinawaitingroom check if it' your turn for hours. you will get thrill now and then 
"If we make a common attempt to improv our educ systems, we can educ the come gener to be more compassionate."
obamaslegaci is be unabl to call muslim terrorist muslim terrorist 
trump say ‘profiling’ may be need to fight terror  polit
happi internationalwomensday 
"they don’t care about my safety, but the name is so serious! taxesforalqaeda"
but double-standard work anoth way imnotwithh 
manpeck By the sea dickflick midnight
"did you know? trump won 3,084 out of 3,151 counties. hillari onli won 57 "
"clinton and kain talk dnc, trump  polit"
"""hi life mattered.""  terencecrutcher' twin sister demand justice: "
trany_sp how tasti it is!
the golden medal girl  olympictv bettymwhit midnight
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party' 
dem destroy detroit with nafta! the rest of america will be the same under hillary! trumpindetroit 
steinekecdu würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
the hardest thing is not talk to someon you use to talk to everyday.
ihavearighttoknow whi adel ha call me like 1000 times.
"_nickluna_ jenn_abram oh... the major of trump support just want to be entertained, so stupid!"
كلينتون تضع روسيا وداعش كخطرين أساسيين بالنسبة للولايات المتحدة  
the kid are alt-right redneckamovi midnight
the anti-trump  polit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a doctor who say yea. that' cover by your insur 
5 thing we learn from the releas of the email from clinton' campaign chair 
"1996 presid bill clinton attend ron brown' funeral. laughs, see camera, cries. phoni clintons. "
sanbernardino shoot is the bright exampl of whi do we need gun prayers4california
"cleveland cop: obama ""ha blood on hi hands"" after batonroug shootings:  "
"islamkil ill welcom a european to the usa ani day, refuge are not welcom in my eye stopislam"
read thi letter georg h.w. bush sent to bill clinton after lose 1992 elect 
jenn_abram true!
"""they start shooting..i had a feather in my hand. I put my hand up and I just stay there.""fac violence,… "
"veteran day and I would like to say thank to our heroes, our veterans! teapartynew veteransday "
gopdeb you know that  rand paul will be great presid vegasgopdeb
sie hat vertraulich beziehung mit den usa geschafft und da ist viel wert merkelmussbleiben
malia obama prefer lollapalooza over hillari clinton' speech demsinphilli 
“mi oppon ha the most open border polici of anyon ever to seek the offic of presidency.” ~ donald trump… 
massiv turnout at latinosfortrump ralli in anaheim!rt b/c the media will never show this!operationtacobowl 
"“they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican americans!hispanicheritagemonth "
whi IT matters: issu at stake in elect  busi
they are porn stars!!! 
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics'  tyreek 
He that can have patienc can have what he will
"hous gop plan vote on iran, spend and block obama regul  polit"
"“if I cannot verifi who you are, i’ll just hook you up. I can do that”thi ""I can do that"" part IS the polic at… "
and my! 
"the devil crept into heaven, god overslept on the seventh, the new world order wa born on septemb 11th – immort techniqu"
harrass BY polic for dreadlocksman is continu stop by polic who claim hi dreadlock match a suspect 
blacklivesmatt - texa state sit dure nation anthem &amp; rais their fist befor game w/ UH n san marco 
"happen today: hate crimes, trump, dakota pipeline, kany  "
"how doe deleg vote work dure the rnc? (video): tom sutton, professor of polit scienc at baldwin wal...  cleveland polit"
some peopl cannot see the wood for the tree
thi countri can Go fuck itself for old men. insultingmovi
I pray that all the syrian refuge go home and stay there! islamkil brussel
🚨watch: berni sander boo  after demand support vote hillari clinton! He is so pathetic!dncchecklist 
i'm so happi with the small circl of peopl I have in my life right now.
creflo_dollar how much realdonaldtrump post in that direct deposit⁉️ 
I fall in love with you everi singl day and I just wanna tell you I am.
"seriously, isn't thi obvious?potu "
watch &amp; spread the msg of black pastor explain whi african-american should vote donald trump! 
what are you thank for? share with iamthankfulfor 
stop make us think that the polic is evil. It should have no place in america! mikebrown bluelivesmatt 
trumpaltrightfilm taxi whiner 😂😂😂 
"merkel versucht jeden tag, da leben der menschen in deutschland ein stück besser zu machen merkelmussbleiben"
elizabeth warren ha a messag for donald trump: ‘nasti women vote’  polit
die größte in deutschland: straub baut mega-spielzeug-baustein-kirch 
it' hijrah -- spread jihad via immigration!  wakeupamerica  norefuge  pjnet  tcot  ccot   
"nextfaketrumpvictim now we know hillbot are as good at delet stuff as hillari herself, smh "
life long democrat &amp; hillari support sen mccaskil say she wouldn't let her daughter anywher near bill clinton!… 
"clinton' health, stealth and deplor comment: darci cartoon  polit"
gay coupl have the same right as heterosexu gaylovematt
I want one! 
I applaud free speech! but I will never accept disrespect to the nation anthem!veteransforkaepernick 
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl "
crookedhillari say appoint traitorobama 2 suprem court IS A good idea! hillary4prison neverhillary4potu https:… trumpforpresid
"lisaalesci baddazledfashio chrisbutterfie3 hillari support on the right, yeah?"
"somedayidliketose my 40 bottl wine fridg complet full. for an hour, at least."
"probabletrumpstweets"""
gambler bet on the u.s. elect pick trump for the win by 91 percent  
senatorisakson can you assum what are our next step accord to the water contamin in the american falls?
An oklahoma abbrevi imalwaysokwith
judg temporarili block obama school transgend bathroom polici 
"dude, where' my nascar?  redneckamovi midnight"
mybedroomin3word den of depress
mehr al 930 islamisten au deutschland kämpften für IS und co. beängstigend nachrichten 😰
trump claim u.s. is allow illeg immigr in ‘so they can go and vote’  polit
iknewweweredoom when the electr went out while I wa in the express lane at walmart.
"sorry, not today. not on trump' watchinaugur "
trump say he ‘brilliantli used’ tax law to hi advantag  polit
constitut teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
"If the oscar were made up of all black nominations, and everyon said oscarsoblack we'd all be call racist oscarhasnocolor"
"hillari clinton give ""pneumonia"" to a child today. Do not come to her, she is infected! hillaryshealth "
who in u.s. could deni this? nogunsforcrimin 
"for trump' sake, it better not be a hand size comparison test. betteralternativetodeb"
confus strike me when I read the latest news… never felt more endangered!!! phosphorusdisast
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
obama will spend final presidenti trip abroad tri to reassur world about trump  
breaking: obama promis to leav america if trump doe thi one thing!  
import af!!! 
"head up, stay strong, let it go, move on!"
"good judgment come from experience, and experi come from bad judgment."
omg weird that obama want to stop protest in baltimor  baltimorevsrac
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first"" ~… "
"darling, I will be love you 'til we'r 70. and babi my heart could still fall as hard at 23."
clinton campaign: No health issu after mail powder found 
addabandtoatvshow 2 broke spice girl
sparsamkeit! disziplin! merkelmussbleiben
the unit state accord to donald trump 
beauti is merciless. you do not look at it...
danni trejo: you can be proud of your mexican heritag but in the end you are american!hispanicheritagemonth 
sunni afternoon makemusicreligi
you try. you fail. you try. you fail. but the onli true failur is when you stop tri
🏈 doubl tap if odel is just beast 🏈 kevinhd 
"""together, we will lead our countri back to safety, prosper and peace."" ~ donald trump "
I alway wear my timberland while eat my chip a hoy cooki all in one sit whyimgangsta
obama: stride on help veteran but more work to do  news
"3wordsbetterthanilovey   ""…there are parachutes…"" "
трамп и майк пенс оказались в отличной форме по результатам медицинского обследования 
stonedcomicbook midnight scoobi doobi
hillari clinton want peopl to know she is one tough mother 2016elect
"the 2016 race: As clinton-trump race tightens, here’ h...  news |  "
liberallogicdon't trust the msm 
"princ of saudi arabia say soth same saudi arabia which ha a death penalti for insult islam, apostasy, homos… "
sleep while you'r not hungri and eat while you don't sleep
the toke dead  stonedcomicbook midnight
recycled-mania earthdaysong midnight
"love is a live thing, love is the sourc of all live things, love is all that is aliv and all that exist is aliv with love. -jcw"
peter archer maketvshowsaustralian midnight
myemmynominationwouldb best virtuality-competit program
"In bumpi coronation, trump take the crown: the billionair businessman cap hi stun takeove...  break"
"she want to be your girl, not one of your girls."
more baton rouges' could elect trump  |  
My thought are with peopl of brussel prayforbrussel 
"dnc 2016: berni sanders, michel obama thrill convent crowd on day 1  polit"
call everyon who disagre with you intoler is the best way to end up alon with 20-30 cat kive in your h… 
die usa sind stark und wir sollten ein freundschaft mit ihnen pflegen merkelmussbleiben
addabandtoatvshow the roll flintstones.
клинтон задумывается над повышением налогов для богатых. Ее сандерс укусил? 
"dear liberals,realdonaldtrump get an addit 131 votes, so stop whine and grabyourviolin "
blacklivesmatt support plan loot spree as hurrican matthew hits.just read their tweets👇prayforflorida… 
"makemehateyouinonephras hi, hungry, i'm dad "
« curios is the lust of the mind. » thoma hobb
"trump, clinton respond to new york citi explos "
_nickluna_ humoritarian yeah!
ruinadinnerinonephras babi boomer ruin the economi
"knight276 we'r eager to show that in real life, ppl love mr. trump, not crookedhillary, and prove these fake poll wrong."
texan incid ha thrown out last of obama' support isisingarland
the long and hard jump  sexysport
fishtv wkarp in cincinnati
"scholz zu g20-chaos:„ich bin froh, dass kein mensch um leben gekommen ist“ ich auch! 😒 regierungserklärung"
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
It turn out hillaryclinton is the onli presidenti candid with tie to the kkk 
In d nächsten 20 jahren steigt d risiko für altersarmut an aber wer weiß wa während so langer zeit noch geschieht?
whatihatein5word doubl standard for men/women. 
"""here is no vet of these refugees.. they'r look to kill us. they are kill us.."" ~ scott baio "
todolistbeforechristma buy all the food in advanc
tim kain can’t fill a church on a sunday  
mr. trump doesn't see party. He doesn't see race and he doesn't see gender. He just want to do what' right for th… 
cancelplansin5word i'd have to get dress
misslizzynj can't wait to see donald trump in the WH and hillari in prison!
all you have to know about US candid elect promisesdo you think this' what peopl realli need? 
barbieloveslip  sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
ice cube’ consist struggl against hillari clinton continu 
betteralternativetodeb sext with anthoni weiner
and that' whi we should not let obama and hillari take away our guns. 
clinton vs. trump: the legaci of polit popul  polit
frau merkel bleibt authentisch! merkelmussbleiben

"still remember, alway rememb dday ddayinmyheart"
schumer throw hi support behind keith ellison for dnc chairman  
donald trump to return to arizona for sixth campaign stop  polit
potu cub whitesox they are the best!
msm won't show you thi photo! help thi guy to spread hi word &amp; reach more people! 
and the onli man who want to fix it is label as a racist bigot by the media trump2016 neverhillari 
ksnt new polit analyst break down last day of dnc  news
see is not alway believing.
"trumpbecaus let' face it. not onli is trump more compet as a candidate, he ha charisma too. 🐷🍷😓"
"islamophobia - ""A word creat by fascist and use by coward to manipul morons."" ~ christoph hitchen "
itsriskyto irrit me 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you don't like J cole
stopislam obama accus republican of act like 'recruit for isis' what???? islamkil
unga2015 putin' speech look much better than obama' shameful piec of shitti rhetor
anoth illeg alien wa caught!pay your attent to voterfraud! 
one direct  is love   one direct  is love
trump support strike protest as trump decri 'deplorables' comment  polit
let' make america great again!   vote2016 myvote2016 election2016 votetrump  trumpforpresid
"funni that everi tweet hillary' staff make can be just retweet with ""and you?"" "
sean duffy: donald trump should releas hi tax 
jowl oneletteroffsport midnight
pro-trump super pac aim to serv as new president’ main outsid alli — even against ...  
ificouldntli I wouldn't say one direct are awesom
thefirst100daystodolist imagin what to do next
somedayidliketose anyth 
"video: kain attacks, penc fight back in vigor VP debat "
secondhandgift greet from your aunt mari
rejecteddebatetop if ross and rachel were on a break 
thingsyoucantignor gisel evan host a hashtag game
trump: welcom to all of you deplorables. hi best entranc so far! 
serf and sheep are treat as cattl by epa   hadenoughyet pjnet tcot
"if berni wa brag about all the ppl he stab in hi youth, debat would be do 30million viewer easily.but he isn't demndeb"
film industri becam a platform of pro-liber propaganda  gonewiththeoscar
"oh, of cours they dodumbass"
andrew_s_dyk it' call progress.
I see mani candidates' timelin came to a screech halt after iowa results. tcot gop
At some point you must clean up long enough to tell your tale. thetroublewithaddict longpaststop portraitofanaddictasayoungman
trump camp say counti chair who blame obama for racism quit  polit
wikileak report that hillari is tie to the french lefarg – an industri giant accus of sponsor isis. 
sadli the sanbernadinoshoot is just more proof that guncontrol will never work  prayers4california
have them hydral squeakin' when we screwin'
"koehneisland no, we are not. In your twist univers we are not. but in the real world..."
onewordoffbook A tale of two sanctuari citi 
jermain jackson and the olympian onewordoffbook
"I shot the sheriff, but the deputi wa not veri photogenic"""
mad minut multipl test betteralternativetodeb
if there were no white actor nomin would you run the same story????? and have oscarsoblack  oscarhasnocolor osca…
zongo african danc class   blacktwitt services4sal    download app for details:   
texa reach deal on weaker voter ID rule for novemb 
topnew mccain slam trump over attack on dead muslim soldier' parent
mccain and graham join the democrat and mainstream media in their war on presid trumpmaga 
i'm probabl gone to cri the day we get the result becaus it won't be him trumpforpresid
We have to tri to solv local problem keep global interest in mind.
summeramovi leinenkugel' of the  lost midnight
peopl that don't send auto dm'   thingspeopleontwitterlik
"good action ennobl us, and we are the son of our deeds.  – miguel de cervant"
the truth doe not alway set you free. sometim it captur you.
witless redneckamovi midnight
clinton turn trump’ ‘what the hell do you have to lose?’ appeal to african american into campaign ad  polit
5 big zinger obama unleash in hi rous dnc 2016 speech
My attitud is base on how you treat me.
realdonaldtrump moron 
three coin in the fountainhead addamovieruinamovi
"black friday cd, ric mathi - $20.00   blacktwitt blackownedstor onemillioncbv  "
how clinton health conspiraci migrat from far-right to mainstream media 
A white man in blm t-shirt with blackfac hang by a white clown is total unacceptable! never! racism halloweenco…
rainshadowwa it a nonsenc ye
american jew split from netanyahu
spf 451 summeramovi 
mccain slam trump over khan fight: sen. john mccain slam donald trump monday morn for feud with the... 

senatorbaldwin Is there anyth wrong with phosphoru leak in american falls?
".tomfitton of judicialwatch :""huma abedin and hillari clinton left classifi inform on the equival of a… "
howtoloseyourjob talk to the custom in pig latin onli
interesting! 
"judg jeanine: ""the clinton foundat is noth more than a money launder oper that wa use as a slush f… "
I know what you like rapcor
"""für normal denkend leute"" al werbesatz für ""rock gegen links"" 😂 ich möchte auf dies festival! 😂  maasfestiv"
записи о выплате налогов дональда трампа обнародованы  
brussel islamkil sender mine tanker ned til belgia og brussel nå. prayforbrussel
hillari clinton is own by georg soros. blacklivesmatt is own by soros. We must stop them togeth imwithh 
work and walk home from mission unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
itshardtobelievethat money use to be worth something... 
virginia women for trump stand By candid 
vto2014 libertynews1776 loofie68msncom2 conservative4k howardrop 
hillari claim gun don't keep us safe yet she is guard by hundr of arm secret servic agents! hypocrite! 
"trump suprem court list doesn’t chang lee’ mind, aid say  polit"
jess lee peterson said that charlott rioter are a bunch of blacklivesmatt goon who hate white peopl and cop… 
hackinghillari thi old anti-hillari ad turn out to be true. 
wir können noch so viel von frau merkel lerrnen! merkelmussbleiben
screen syrian refuge like they might be rabid dog islamkil stopislam 
midnight conspiracysong wild hors (couldn't melt steel beams)
don't need direct lostin3word
censorship lover thingsthatshouldbecensor
"peopl who releas black from slavery, die for thi flagdon't they deserv your respect? "
🤔🤔🤔 
"I use to want you so bad, i'm so through with that."
ruleofdawn I got it
"""putin ha outsmart her at everi step of the way"" ~ donald trumpdeb debatenight"
"If you want to hear anoth ""what differ doest it make"" question you should vote hillaryclinton and I won't "
the lack of divers isn’t the oscars’ fault oscarhasnocolor
We a happi becaus we are safe 2ndamendmentday 
trump protest tear american flag apart. now we see for who they realli are!trump2016  
"hillari clinton postpon visit to charlotte, nc, cite secur concern "
thanksobama for welcom potenti danger peopl while disarm american
obama say will have candid talk in china  news
ilove__butihate__ I love burger but I hate my scale afterward
sheriff david clarke: ‘the best thing about the obama presid right now Is that it’ come to an end’… 
istartcryingwhen I spill my beer
thi pic is just anoth slap to the lie media! pleas spread it!alllivesmatterrncincl 
clinton believ it is “time to move on” from the benghazi. that time will come onli when she get her punishment. 
.govmikehuckabee: defund un; use money to help US veterans.rt if you agree! 
"former fbi asst director jame kallstrom endors donald trump""our countri is go down the tubes""listen to what… "
tcot jebbush democrat lite to stay abov the fray. that work right? media to pump him up. gop never learn  pjnet
fakedncfact US media is absolut independ and objective. 
"clinton roll out more gop endorsements, announc new group for republican outreach  polit"
gop-l panel to question offici on fbi probe of clinton 
"georg P. bush, jeb' son, urg republican to back trump "
jarmadillo then wash them first
"what hillari clinton' pneumonia diagnosi means, medic speak "
stopislam islamkil 22-03-2016 a day which will go into the book as blacktuesday prayforbrussel
don't do someth perman stupid just becaus you'r temporarili upset. ihq
« the superior man make the difficulti to be overcom hi first interest
matti is right and after the 20th he will demonstr that 
more lie from obama' transpar gov't. isi far wors than he lead you to believe. R they in hi pocket? Or he in theirs? imnotwithh
myemmynominationwouldb worst job ever
thanksobama for all the riot
how trump reportedli cut $30m casino tax burden to $5m under christie' watch 
trump clash with former presid vicent fox ahead of plan mexico visit  polit
hello dummy! midnight  dumberbroadway
tofeelbetteri shut off everyth and pray. work everi time!!
atlantabreak really?
msm won't show you thi photo! help thi guy to spread hi word &amp; reach more people! 
👍like If a you can Do this👍 🙌el!t returns🙌 💀not post daily💀 peopleareawesom dunk beelit 
plz RT  alabama  plz defeat your entir hous of repres delegation.     pjnet
msm will never show u thi pic.. keep say onli white attend trump rallies...thegophasbecom 
topvideo white hous say fbi director not tri to influenc elect 
🔴 doktorand der TU darmstadt soll nen terroranschlag in deutschland  geplant haben
jenn_abram clydedaws0n the whole world is tire of them!
usatoday призвали не голосовать за трампа 
metallican't even omggggg IM SO drunk drunkband midnight
statu of donald trump nake appear in citi across US 
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
none of them will be miss by anyone. jeb and john broke their pledg - No honor.rncincl 
trump at nbc town hall prais putin for have 'great control' over russia  polit
hey  doe anyon know anything? it' so upset! the put wast in spring water near american fall phosphorusdisast
you complet meat. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
blunt now say he is concern about obama’ trans-pacif partnership deal  stloui
"happybirthdayharrytruman it' may 8th, harri truman' birthday. also the end of wwii in europ "
 I want one like this!
ihavearighttoknow who let the dog out?
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  that nice old charli manson
trump make deal with leaders. togeth fight crimin to secur prosperity. veri presidenti trumpenmexico 
mike_p true words!
look at what obama did to our economi make me wonder if hi economi teacher wa a venezuelan 
tofeelbetteri look for gif 
"whyimgangsta becaus sometim I don't pay 5p for a supermarket bag, get that for free y'all"
the princess cook dairi makeamoviefat
silk teddi william sexysport midnight
"'madman of the year' is an exampl of how the nyt is turn journal into a whiny, bias and hate disgrace.… "
He had no fear and wa realli strong will happybirthdayharrytruman 
 stop a bullet!
"after month of ""deliverations"", the peopl have decided: electionday decision2016 myvote2016…  trumpforpresid"
charliecalley63 Do I have to?
"fabianmohr sehr geehrter herr mohr,wi meinen sie, wird merkel weiter regieren? merkelmussbleiben"
presid obama make the case for hillari clinton and against donald trump: ohio polit roundup: presid ob...  cleveland polit
trumpbecaus I love how open he is. He ha my vote. trump2016 👾👾👾
jenn_abram so right! our prayer are with the victim families😔
chili’ later issu an apolog to walker on hi facebook pageveteransday blm 
hillari clinton hasn’t held a press confer in 257 days. that’ ridiculous. 
wow! thank for join in everyone!! keep play thingsinventedwhilehigh it' super fun!
my4wordnewyearsresolut dazzl them with insan
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot k 
babi i'm horni  3wordsbetterthanilovey
the LA kind oneletteroffsport midnight
"corey stewart, donald trump' virginia campaign chairman, fire "
"trump: ""95% of african-american will vote for me!"" and will you? "
1 million illeg more have commit anoth feloni 
In america now islam is more import than actual heritage. unaccept and we can chang it trumppence16 
the latest: kaine: anti-same-sex marriag is discrimin  polit
... 
"i'ma keep it cool and imma do me, it is what it is and thi how it' gon' be  – lupe fiasco"
hillari teach her support how to delet emailsimwithh 
hillari pay a lot of money to delet thi photo from twitter!pleas spread it!hillaryshealth 
'loser' john podesta desper look for someon to blame for defeat' ~ newtgingrich 
great! I like it! 
whi peopl continu to do it?! racismblacklivesmatt 
rnc 2016: the 9 craziest moment of day 1 in cleveland  polit
addcartoonstohistori ben 10 franklin.
blacklivesmatt blackpastor  
watch: huge crowd cheer trump' border comments..th media will never show you this! debatenight debate… 
"damag but defiant, trump limp toward debat with clinton "
thi is my favorit pic to show lib when they tell me no minor would ever vote for trump! 
hillari clinton is the most corrupt candid in all of american history.fact check: truedeb debatenight
"merkelserfolg sind da land, von dem wir geträumt haben! erfolg gehören all merkel"
"the 4,876 thing that start run through your brain as soon as your head hit the pillow.  thingsyoucantignor"
goodwil hunt budgetmovi 
"trump and romney, onc bitter rivals, smile and shake hand  "
the golden shower girl maketvsexi
"« To endur is the first thing that a child ought to learn, and that which he will have the most need to know. » Ro"

rakim speak On polic racial profil and blacklivesmatt movement 
tofeelbetteri lose my phone
"In the practic of tolerance, one' enemi is the best teacher – dalai lama"
"themostmitso becaus I have no Qs about hillary, everyth is pretti clear with her"
andthenishouldhavesaid keep the lawnmow and one day loan it out like it yours!
getsmash r4r? roadto20k 
"top n.j. republican cheer trump, but will he back him? | the auditor "
just saw 300. i'm work out everi day for the next 10 years.  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight 
childishness? I think it' the equival of never lose your sens of humor. –walt disney
politweec that' so sad 😪
pence' role: trump' apologizer-in-chief  via news |  
I love 1D 
ireallylikeyoubut i'm not in like with you.
spletz5 As a senior manag are you shoke to learn about it? did you know about these bribes? 
our strenth is in our cultur and our self-consci
trump spokeswoman blame obama for 2004 soldier' death  polit
why?!? whi would they ban thi awesom ad?!?! 
"breaking: inspector say epa should have issu emerg order in flint, michigan, lead crisi 7 month befor it… "
the latest:  clinton' doctor say she' 'fit to serve' 
"donald trump to visit wilmington, ohio on thursday  polit"
берни сандерс потерял контроль над своей политической революцией 
I can't stop laugh thefac 
thi can explain whi the wage gap exists! 😂😂😂 
"makesexawkwardin5word ""I love you a lot"""
"shut the fuck up, donald.  realdonaldtrump onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
the elong maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan midnight  stonedcomicbook
topnew chicago polic use stop-and-frisk excessively: aclu report 
realdonaldtrump let all hope that trumppence16 win potu trumpforpresid
berni sanders: let’ make america socialist again demdeb demdebatemiami
"""nigerian princ concert ticket"
breaking🚨  report of 14 injur in nyc' chelsea neighborhood nycexplos 
trumppence16  trumpforpresid
judg block north dakota’ voter identif law  |  
berni sander campaign deni dnc ralli permit  |  
"yeah, press ha it color blackpressday"
christmasaftermath final countdown until the worst year in histori is offici over
"michel obama join 'carpool karaoke,' jam out to beyonc and missi elliott  polit"
hillari creat job onli for the fbi..debatenight debat
we'r all so strong 
don’t believ the garbag u read! pundit keep say trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the… 
« An unexamin life is not worth living. » socrat
gopdeb you know that  nation secur is the top issu for us now and rubio ha great idea about it vegasgopdeb
act better! oscarhasnocolor 
topvideo mix reaction to clinton health issu 

terrorism: the use of violenc in the pursuit of polit aims.that' what happen in america due to liberals. 
andthenishouldhavesaid 
hmm🤔 trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari for president! 
“5 thing hillari is go to do on debat night” by thefoundingson 
idrunforpresidentif that would make peopl jealou of my success 😏
trump call for tougher immigr screen  news |  
"hillari lectur trump on religi liberty, as she back forc church to fund abort "
2016electionin3word candid are old
"whatiwantforchristmasin4word : good grades, nice bodi"
pacif rimmer dickflick
"someday we'll find it. the rainbow connection. the lovers, the dreamers, and me.  – jim henson"
the godfather-broth  redneckamovi midnight
ricardocarolina yep
rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see sickhillary' medic records! RT if you one of them! 
secondhandgift apolog
worstpaineverin3word twenti one pilot
how to make your speech success on demconvention1.say you want equal and unity2.say you wake up in a hous built by slave flotu
brussel islamkil liter all refuge are terrorist
thingsyoucantignor your neighbor' evil cat. 
I just publish “how hillari keep you ignorant” 
she spent 3 million on water to flood some part of new orlean staywok 
show-off - that' what hillari wa do on her previou posit hillarynothnx
hillari clinton’ campaign is steal from her poorest support by purpos and repeatedli overcharg them 
"15 year ago 2,996 peopl were killedit’ been 15 years, but we’ll neverforgetsom day we will defeat terrorism! "
liber beat Up thi trump support until trump himself step in and made a miracl happen…… 
demndeb doe hillari know that our countri ha a huge debt? demdeb
"more email but hillari clinton 'didn't know that thi is illegal', she is complet dumbass and liar hillarysemail "
ruinadinnerinonephras If there' a woman breast-feed a toddler next to you point to the babi and say 'i'll have what…
imalwaysokwith go down the stair as long as I don't trip and fall. 
A uniqu pictur of a black man support trump and polic 
the real reason whi the bear in the reven didn't get the oscar nomination: she' brown and angry. two strikes. oscarhasnocolor oscar
imtoooldfor everything. and you are as well
nigel farage: anyth is possibl if enough decent peopl are readi to against the establishment.mstrumpr 
each day I wake up in a mess built by your husband! 
"governor ha faith in election, still back trump  news"
pjnet tcot ccot conserv check out
I rememb when a hashtag meant a phone number.
"clever_dov that' pretti cold, you know"
top rnc strategist to work more with trump campaign  polit |  
"august test birthdays: gloria estefan, barri gibb, lili tomlin, conway twitty, edgar rice burrough"
hillari clinton particip in event via teleconfer de 
gotta love the white boy 
be A side chick empir bbfinal ahs6 fishtv
thefirst100daystodolist creat more jobs!
"clinton campaign not plan to air ad in virginia, colorado ahead of elect day "
lester holt spin debat for hillaryclinton 
clinton to run TV ad on trump’ nothing-to-los argument  polit
womenwhovotetrump 
".hillaryclinton appreci the black vote, not the people.podestaemails10 "
the real bigot &amp; racist!i obama afraid to admit the obvious?? tcot 
typic blm member 
childrenthinkthat 7am is a good wakeup time whether it' a weekday or weekend
mike_p It wa amaz rally! thank you!
anoth person turn into a hashtag thank to cops😑 
islamkil brussel
"clinton camp push back as gop challeng fbi, seek probe  news"
"tag für tag arbeiten viel menschen hart, um für sich und ihr familien zu sorgen merkelmussbleiben"
thank obama for multipl terrorist attack and foolish gun laws! 2A rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
just have a look at these two white supremacists! 
"miss jacksonville, amanda hatcher, say businessman trump is what our gener needsmakeamericagreatagain "
check my male privilegewomensmarch 
"psst, dear liberals! world war 2 alreadi happened. for f*ck sake, you guys! smh... "
"clinton 41%, trump 32% in michigan:detroit news/wdiv-tv(earlier)  polit"
think befor your x!neverhillari imnotwithh hillaryforprison  
watch: christi explain trump' immigr polici
your face when you realiz you can be respons for the next 20 or 40 of themapp court 
press in the era of trump is alreadi tri to talk their ass out of the pit they dug for themselves. you'v lost… 
"it ok to be lonely, it' actual better. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
broadcast live online.. mybedroomin3word
"hurt me with the truth, don’t comfort me with a lie"
"thingspeoplesaytoartist 'I want to be an artist, just like you but better!'"
cia think it ok to get my person data but it’ not ok to get shooters’ person data nocybercensorship
internet is the main sourc of inform nowaday nocybercensorship 
"deplor behavior at trump' events, but, amazingly, nobody' deplor  polit"
come togeth to move forward
mexican presid vow to protect immigr insid unit state buildthewal 
"gopdeb I rememb my republican parti as fiscal conservative, as care about the environ vegasgopdeb"
"‘s-300, s-400 air defens in place’: russian mod warn us-l coalit not to strike syrianarmy… "
We had better solv domest problem instead of foreign taxesforalqaeda
"merri christmas, my dear friend"
angela merkel adé tritt in große fußstapfen 
experi media row at the rnc (video): take a peek insid media row at the 2016 republican nation convention...  cleveland polit
tofeelbetteri cheer for the patriot and pretend I am a winner caus they are
pollen level in cleveland prove that hillari is a liar onc again. hackinghillari 
I alway hear about shoot but thi one be so close make it scarier  rooseveltfieldmal gardenc gardencityshoot
donald trump’ georgia chief resign after hi crimin record wa reveal  
report: goldman sach ban donat to trump campaign! 
berni would'v wonderboy  midnight earthdaysong
and now I endors hillari clinton to do the same 
I hate how much I love you
david price '  s $217m deal signal start of boston '  s bold dave dombrowski era
thingsyoucantignor hi grandma lie next to us while we'r have sex
thi idiot wa just liter sit and cri at trumpinauguration.what' wrong with these people? 
how can a man that ha done so much be treat so unjust
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari hole in a condom
ireallylikeyoubut you think the world revolv around you
myemmynominationwouldb least annoy commerci
imnotopposedto unusu wed 
 cool!
neun-punkte-plan für mehr sicherheit merkel 
"pope franci weigh in on the election, choos cardin "
"fbi’ comey face more question on extremism, clinton email  news"
A torrent of prais for mario cuomo’ 1984 democrat convent speech 
america ha been and alway will be a christian nation no matter what obama says!dncinphl 
sometimesiwishy know how colin powel refer to bill clinton in the recent dncleak. dickingbimbo 
sheriff david clark ha call up the nation guard to deal with blm thug and looter 
... 
anti-establish pirat in tight race to win iceland election: poll  news
hillaryclinton cnn newyorktimesru msnbc oreillyfactor neverhillari trumpforpresid
"have faith god make everyth beauti at the right place, at the right time. don't worry. don't complain. -"
"topvideo clinton defend peopl ""stiffed"" by trump "
calvin and hobb and some weed! stonedcomicbook midnight
the priu of desir californiamovi midnight
"clinton, trump look to overcom weak on debat stage  news"
we'll never forget what' happen in benghazi neverhillari wakeupamerica  imnotwithh  
"today we honor blacklivesmatt movement, don’t forget mikebrown and other fergusonrememb"
god bless the second amendment! it' more than just a right to be armed: it is a right to be free and safe! 2A 
i'll never understand whi 😞💔 no one will sanbernadino just pray for the victim famili 🙏and prayforsanbernadino prayers4california
"thingsthatshouldbecensor """
the new clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
the searsuck proxi summeramovi midnight
"houston school bu fall from overpass, kill two students, injur two other"
the latest: clinton campaign won't confirm leak email 
I think guncontrol law are racist guns4ni
thanksobama we the peopl will work hard to undo the damag obama ha done
"breaking! podesta' password were cracked, hacker got into hi iphon and mac!prepar for more leaks!"
worldofhashtag easterin4word chocol chocol chocol religion
"ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","
the latest: clinton rais $63 million for campaign  polit
"vielleicht kann sie die menschen nicht wirklich mitreißen, dennoch lockt sie die aufmerksamkeit an! merkelmussbleiben"
happi womensequalityday from hillaryclinton! 
polic investig A video Of trump voter be attack  
pakistani muslim leader: “time is not far when the entir western civil would fall”munich 
man who climb trump tower in new york citi post youtub video on whi he did it 
1 like=1 prayer for allen iverson's😂pray 
orang roughi Is the new blackfin tuna fishtv midnight
"🚨dncleak: dem liter use the phrase ""pay TO play""!msm is pretend it' not newsworthy! "
"the latest: main governor' daughter hire by trump, penc "
"""we don't know about radic islam terrorists""class "
"hillari clinton' shoe after seizure. she can't make it through 9/11 ceremony, she would never make it through 9/11 "
beer nut zipper drunkband midnight
polish the festivu pole todolistbeforechristma
"they'r freak me out! american fall got a water polution, who is to blame? phosphorusdisast"
liber must have miss thi one 
repkclark Is there a hope for us? terrorist infiltr our citi just like this. Do they even control it? stopislam islamkil
trump alreadi look like a real president! true leader &amp; patriot!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸nbcnewsforum 
al hillari clinton die mauer bauen wollteflüchtling islam usa trump presidentialdebate… 
islamkil islam is a disgust cult. mani start to agre with retribut and deportations! omgthemess mariamveiszadeh islamkil
berni sander urg presid obama and the feder govern to support the nodapl movement: 
"the iraqi warn us that at least 1/100 of these ""refugees"" are isi plants. whi take the risk? it' crazi islamkil stopislam"
like if you think we should protect our 2nd amendment!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
reasonstoleaveeu thi is shame to be the soldier of EU armi
someonewhokillschildren and the elderli and women and innocent. shall I go on?
deneen -- you tell them the truth &amp; let the chip fall where they may. thank you. 
you don't need it 
I wonder if a totalitarian countri like northkorea can be freed if we gave them all gun  prayers4california
'stop tri to fix the police. fix the ghetto.' ~ sheriff david clark 
mynewcatchphrasei 
IT all depend ON what you do. noth else.
rememb lick doorknob is illeg on other planets.   rulesforeverydayliv spongebob wordstolivebi
"munich polic report shoot in other munich locations, ask peopl to remain at home "
sausag get-togeth budgetmovi midnight
istartcryingwhen anyon mention the 2015 nfc championship between the packer and the seahawk
It made my sundaymorn 
whyimgangsta isn't that obvious? Yo angeladilanzo thank 4 da cool pic
trumpbecaus learn someth new everi day 👰🏿👲🏿💂
"idontneedacostumebecaus I have a pink wig, I guess it'd be enough"
"ivanka trump: ""I have seen him fight for hi famili &amp; for hi employees. and now he' fight for america.""deb "
power over other is weak disguis as strength.
not feel thi track at all 
what to expect from dnc day three  polit
truman did a lot to make america great! happybirthdayharrytruman 
"obama in louisiana: ""trump blast my vacat didn't bother me - i'm out in five month anyway!"" "
trump trigger new round of gop jitter  polit
suprem court finish off obama’ immigr plan 
"ireallylikeyoubut I wa hope we could find a way, to have what I think we might have with somebodi else."
"Is hillaryclinton serious act like she understand the ""struggles"" of the averag american? moreshit imnotwithh imleav"
I am readi to protect our 2A right 2ndamendmentday 
If you haven't watch clinton cash you shouldn't be allow to vote imnotwithh
ebzar excus me?
trump stop a bat-wield mugger.trumpsuperpow wiprimaryw4g 
nayaknomi can you prove defend prove allegations?
"I don't care, as long as i'm with you. –mowgli (the jungl book)"
"clinton report strongest fundrais month, take in $154 million in septemb  polit"
i'd love to repeat it! 
"cruz revers himself, endors trump  polit"
"trump talk economics, taxes, and obama' birth  polit"
"genuin peac is base on inner peace, becaus you cannot build peac on the basi of anger."
there' just one life to live and there' no time to wast
"""mi book, your shelf."
nocybercensorship caus it hurt my feelings! 
thi is whi we must vote trumppence16 hillari doe not care about the american people. vote trump becaus they can't.… trumpforpresid
"amid dnc 2016 unrest, sander urg support not to protest on convent floor"
clinton' campaign manager: russia help trump  polit
topnew obama to meet with congression leader on monday: white hous
tinkerbell35721 i'd certainli be your regular
thi is whi peopl need to carri arms. thi is also what liber media will never show you caus gun are bad &amp; sca… 
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb  polit"
"doctor: clinton diagnos friday with pneumonia, put on antibiot "
"pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris christian cathol patriots: for my latest article, pleas check out "
how could the n.j. gop allow a troll to run for office? | editori 
trump' campaign reel after crude comment on women air 
obama to survey in louisianaflood after 16-day vacat 
the hardest battl you are ever go to have to fight is the battl to be just you.
let' make everi day americarecyclesday 
highschooltaughtm I never realli had friend besid like 2
"the latest: clinton, kain releas new campaign book "
great speech from sheriff david clarke! We love him! He will makeamericasafeagain! rncincl batonroug 
whi trump still doesn't have full support of young voter  |  
altrightmean experienc cognit disson caus by peopl support lgbt commun and islam simultan 
berniesanders' promis are so brilliant that it' hard to imagin how peopl can realli believ him!teapartynew 
"""cha-ching! john malkovich"
we'r all fuck 2016electionin3word
ccot It is your duti as a patriot to join your state militia. join here: 
"ifhillarybecomespresid are you tire of ""thank obama""?becaus now you'll have ""thank clinton"""
clinton take 9-point pennsylvania lead: bloomberg poll  polit
No charg will be file in the fatal shoot of lorealtsingin in novajopolicebrut killercop 
"life is short, time is fast, no replay, no rewind so enjoy everi moment you can."
"and we have to toler it? hell, no!saytheirnam policeshoot "
iknewweweredoom when he repremand me for use the wrong spoon
"🚨wow: yuge turnout! trump support line up for the ralli in orlando, fl.media will never report on this.. sprea… "
thanksobama peopl are alway offend
"carri prejean: ""donald trump wa one of the onli peopl that stood up for me and defend me."" "
trump' california volunt struggl with 'racist' label  |  
christian countri need a christian candidate! Go cruz gopdebatesc
make america great again! trump2k16 election2016 trumpforpresid
"demdeb ""hillari clinton is weak and ineffect - no strength, no stamina."" donald J. trump demdebatemiami "
half our countri support a crimin to be president. No wonder thi countri is slowli deteriorating.trump2016 
"flintlivesmatt , but nobodi care about them. what a shame. flintwatercrisi flint "
reagan daughter blast trump for incit violenc  polit
I don’t like obama’ immigr plan illegalamigoz
you can buy recreat marijuana at shop in oregon start oct. 1   via 3tags_org pjnet
rejecteddebatetop who grab hillari by pussi
neil young doesn't want that orange-hair jagoff donald trump use hi music
"kathleen willey, bill clinton' sex victim: ‘we could fill the entir debat audience’debates2016 "
clinton alli warn of trump conflict of interest in russia  polit
sometimestwittermakesm use improp grammar so I can fit my thought into 140 charact
clinton' econom speech: cnn' realiti check team vet the claim  polit
"realdonaldtrump poll say that you lead in maine, ohio, north carolina"
"rep. steve king: after debat america will ask, ‘wa hillari on her med or off her meds?’debatenight debat debates2016"
imf call for greec debt relief as germani talk tough  news
wet 'N wild thing summeramovi midnight
tofeelbetteri look hillari nake photo  hillarysbodydoubl
polic brutal in chicagoan unnam man be struck &amp; even have hi head stomp on by anoth plain-clothes… 
sources: trump offer agricultur secretari spot to senat jerri moran  
photo of the day! louisiana give thank to donald trump for coming! spread thi pic far &amp; wide!worldphotoday 
3wordsbetterthanilovey free world travel!!!!
We can confid call clinton the most irrespons secretari of state in the whole american history. lockherup 
nine kill at histor emanuel church. when will victim among black stop?? hatecrim
republican lobbyist offer $100k reward in murder of dnc staffer sethrich  dncleak 
thingsyoucantignor dick pic in DM
No matter how smart you are you can never convinc someon stupid that they are stupid
makemusicreligi  I forgot halo depechemod
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
toler men
some thing are more preciou becaus they don’t last.
ilove__butihate__ rebel riot
what doe it feel like in a threesome? two women
topnew republican parti chief 'furious' over trump' failur to support hous speaker
"ivanka trump: ""judg my father by hi children""rncincl "
looool 😂☺️ 
"resid of orlando are make a commonsens effort to shut down the radical, terror-support mosque! "
is it an advertis of coca-cola? everyon in aberdeen should avoid direct contact with water phosphorusdisast
the who' line Is It anyway addabandtoatvshow
"thingspeopleontwitterlik  twet tht ha no tyypos, wit good punctut n corect speeling."
I don't feel safe unless at least 2 black peopl are shot by polic each week. blacklivesmatt
clinton propos tax relief for famili with young kid 
watch: muslim scream ‘thi IS our countri now get out’ &amp; abus the police! outrageous! 
“the end of free speech?” by patriotblak 
the heat game makeabookwarm
sharkcag atlanti fishtv midnight
yay deray derayformayor
time to makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
iknewweweredoom when I check webmd
jedi kushner start the clone war addcartoonstohistori
5thingsifindattract If we have the same tast in music
anoth reason is that women are forbidden to talk bad about men. 
the german are pay the costli price of their politicians’ choices.trump won't put american at such risk. 
topvideo trump say no friendship “more important” than india if elect 
weedsillegalbut hillari can run for presid dafuq
that wa awesom 
US general: 'russian are responsible' for attack on syria aid convoy 
thi mad make me anxious!  phosphorusdisast
polit trump appoint director of african-american outreach
"iamthankfulfor my si dccciv alway there for me as well, whenev i need to vent❤️❤️"
"trump crowd in newtown, pa.thes are the line that you will never see at a crookedhillari rally!maga "
your face when you ask an import question but becam an internet meme instead of get the answer… 
"and whi hillaryrottenclinton is even ""eligible"" to run for potus, but for theclintoncrimecartel … trumpforpresid"
poll: hillari clinton is bare lead donald trump in ohio -- but she'd lose big to john kasich.  polit
you'v got da bling ping robothiphop
king of queensrych addabandtoatvshow
kearns_neil oh so use 😁
there is no charm equal to tender of heart.  – jane austen
"clinton aid suggest email jokes, say hack messag  news"
love that! 
everi great achiev is the stori of a flame heart! happybirthdayharrytruman and thank for everyth you did for ame…
how did he do that?? 
songmakesmetearup car radio
"dday today on june 6,we rememb all of the veteran who fought. dday today🇺🇸 ddayinmyheart"
vote smart. 30year crookedhillari hillaryforprison2016 emailscand benghazi…  trumpforpresid
hahaha thank 
stockchaser99 who? me?
huge poop 
blame It On the prayin' makemusicreligi 
todolistbeforechristma buy a funni christma costum for my pet
bill and hillari secretli use the AR state govern to provid chelsea clinton with top-of-the-lin childcar 
obama to tour louisiana amid critic that he' late  polit
suu kyi to meet obama in washington for first time as myanmar leader  news
A littl knowledg that act is worth infinit more than much knowledg that is idle.  – kahlil gibran
slain soldier' dad: gop must take 'moral stand' on trump  polit
"makemehateyouinonephras so, how do you enjoy be an adult? "
fishtv  two broke blue gill midnight rt: wickedfedora 2 broke gill
igetdepressedwhen refuge are welcom
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
"boycottnfl until it get rid of player who disrespect our flag, our anthem and our nation "
addabandtoatvshow shameless lower class brat
meet the n.j. nativ who' run donald trump' campaign 
someth went wrong here 
michel obama think trump is a bad role model...flashback to 2008: she said precis the same about hillari cl… 
"I never look back, darling. It distract from the now. –edna mode (the incredibles)"
everi ceremoni I just have to deal with it oscarhasnocolor
these bettor make a clinton victori almost a sure thing | the auditor 
long live the new countri onewordoffmoviequot midnight
wakeupamerica hillary' hide something. and her voter blindli follow her 
"i'm also not realli happi with the outcome, but those peopl on trumpprotest call him racist are ridiculousfor… "
secondhandgift previous love real doll. 
jenn_abram cute fat doctor😊
.repmikepompeo on $400m iran payment: thi “wa an intent deceit.” 
"gop congressman on trump: 'honestly, I don't care for him much'  |  "
"so, onc again liber they adopt nazi thinking. their riot is ""you'r either with us or against us"" mantra… "
ishouldgetamedalfor suck my own dick and die
usa und merkel stellen sich hinter erdogan. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
trump outlin vision for economi  polit
otherthingstodoin6second   Be a doddler. 
2nd altonsterl video vindic cop
jenn_abram all they can ruin is their economi
goodmorn ! 
you are mine 3wordsbetterthanilovey
onli god can judg me  – 2pac
ireallylikeyoubut you act so shi
hillman begin makeamoviehillari
correct me If i'm wrong but that' the definit of corrupt hillaryforprison2016 
"donald trump: ""when we win on novemb 8th, we are go to washington, dc, and we are go to draintheswamp."" "
fun with small dick
onmybirthdaycak liter 
ohio trump support switch from democrat to republican to support mr. trump! 
phillyonairnow hellya
"david webb: ""we have seen failur by the so-cal promis by the dem to the black community."" thegophasbecom "
let' defeat the media' propaganda! spread thi pic! 
angelina love vs. velvet ski 
1800 menschen sitzen nach erdrutsch in indien fest. die armen....
fantast breast and where to fondl them insultingmovi
jare fogl NY post cover with prison rape joke incit media backlash
"da ist natürlich ein schmerzlich verlust für hamburg.  viel erfolg, prienkarin!"
"don’t believ the polls, trump says, ‘we are winning’  news"
halloween is right behind the door! are you go to parti or stay at home? let’ play idontneedacostumebecaus an…
"trump outlin vision for economy, promis larg tax cut "
never do that again.. my4wordnewyearsresolut
"topvideo kerry: ""thi is the good deal that we have sought"" "
I want To hold your han shot first midnight conspiracysong
bill clinton embrac role of polit spous at dnc  |  
I wonder which countri hillaryclinton is go to carpet bomb first? lenadunham hillaryforprison2016… 
time to get the drunk and parti boy out of the secretservic and replac them with compet agents! serviceofnosecret
there wa drum damnit
"As obama host suu kyi, u.s. firm eye piec of 8 percent growth  polit"
rejecteddebatetop saveamerica neverhillari 
"they can run, they can lie, but they can't hide!vot trump "
trump nomin cement stun takeov of gop  news
"it’ a bird, it’ a plane, it’ superman. (superman)"
"morning, fellow americans! It is a true bless to have anoth day live in our belov country. god bless you. "
"sheriff clark speak truth: ""trump could nomin mother teresa and the washington post and new york time would have…"
but thi is exactli what happen now.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
trumpgirlsbreaktheinternet
"pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former make it exit."
"media alway ask ivanka trump how her father treat woman, but never ask chelsea the same question about her dad… "
ihavearighttoknow what you are hide in your tax realdonaldtrump
what a family!sasha obama land job at seafood joint while malia obama is smoke joint at lollapalooza 
europ ha alreadi been cultur enriched! american enrich is on the way!!! scary! trumpwal 
bravo. fuck bravo someonewhokillschildren
"« If we are not asham to think it, we should not be asham to say it. » cicero"
durtyducki inkofsquid lol
urgent: hillari clinton’ best friend just sold her out! the doctor were right…  
trump a factor in surprisingli close missouri senat race 
but onli for those who don't have a brain tcot pjnet 
that’ the birthday greet obama deserv 
iknewweweredoom when there wa one piec of chocol and two of us..
It look like an effort to rip off the meet of putin and turkey presidentallahu akbar!
trump sign deliv shock surpris  news
realdonaldtrump .stephenfhay on clinton email scandal: “not onli is the email stori continuing…it’ grow in it seriousness.”
inkofsquid you'r right. talk to you is like talk to echo
"clarion project: north carolina man indict for 2014 plot to kill 1,000 peopl  tcot tlot tgdn"
they that can give up essenti liberti to obtain a littl temporari safeti deserv neither liberti nor safeti tcot  prayers4california
our hashtag game host by giselleevn is about to begin! 
👱trump' 📧 to 🙋hillari 👉're 🔥 emojiaweekend
die flüchtlingen aufzunehmen war und ist richtig- nicht bloß au humanitären gründen merkelmussbleiben
it' hard to believ that someon can be creepier than hillari but... 
beingblacki fight for freedom and equal for yourself and the love one
stonedcomicbook midnight the toker 
trump propos ideolog test for muslim immigr and visitor to the u.s.  polit
whi soooooooo perfect? 
find the differ between those 2 presidentsboth photo taken dure their first weekmakeamericagreatagain… 
whi donald trump get away with ly So easili  ccot teaparti nhprimari
russia continu to shadow trump  polit |  
inkofsquid yankeesman1 glad for you
reasoniamnotpresid I will not have enough time to play hashtag game
"tvlifelessonsilearn when make import statements, alway twist off your shade in a dramat fashion."
clinton up 10 in latest times-picayune/lucid presidenti poll 
"success is the sum of small efforts, repeat day in and day out..."
"""❤️from My heart:"
"thi elect isn't republican vs democrats, it' the peopl vs corrupt establishment!debates2016 debatenight "
stlouisdaili i'm afraid!!
rip malcom X you were such an awesom man! inmemoryofmalcolmx
"trump punt on yucca mountain, a major issu in key swing state of nevada  polit"
reasoniamnotpresid I prefer anim over peopl
i'm kill time while I wait for life to shower me with mean and happi
ted cruz to vote for donald trump in dramat reserv 
"renamemillionwomenmarch  the ""no p**** grabbing"" march"
"trump say he'll accept a clear elect result, won't lose "
fck you presidenttrump 
where is thi offic located?
correct vision  midnight superoldhero
someon else' bike secondhandgift 
valentinesdayin3word netflix and chill
good luck quebec canada you are insan to accept islamkil from the religionofdeath!  brussel
"hillaryspodium hillari is too short, demand a special podium!debatenight debat debates2016 "
the vape crusad midnight stonedcomicbook
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel tja dat moeten doen ja. helpt ... not brusselsairport
our thought are with san bernadino guns4ni
"compar black who vote republican 2 jew help nazi in holocaust,lik soro did"
"here' a pictur of hillaryclinton stand up for women, racial justice, immigrants, educ and work class… "
specul swirl around obama' weekend trip to chicago 
somedayidliketose   two comma In My check account
"there’ no bia in education. ask a liberal11-year-old in new york, wa dock 15 point on her homework becaus s… "

birth a murder worstpaineverin3word
ashley madison su over membership data leak
islamistheproblem  thi is all so sad and fuck up bruxel prayforbrussel
ugh
nypd got the reput as the most wild racist and intoler gang out there ferguson mikebrown fergusonrememb
ruinadinnerinonephras i'm on a diet
"nfl legend jim brown: ""i'm pull for donald trump, he' go to be for all the people.""mondaymotiv "
trump ignor fact with dig at merkel' refuge policy: german minist  news

"kansa senat gop hope craft platform, woo angri voter  news"
cnn caught in rig a poll in hillary' favour. what a disgrace! trump2016 hillaryforprison 
kaine: 'everybodi knows' libertarian won't win  polit
realdonaldtrump  
ihavearighttoknow whi caitlyn_jenn decid to chang it gender
An actual scandal involv the u.s. attorney gener 
obama say he will keep 8k u.s. troop in afghanistan. afghanistan produc 90% of world' heroin. obama is the biggest drug lord in histori
how do you like her to be our next president? 
"women can fake an orgasm, but men can fake an entir relationship.  – sharon stone"
jenn_abram a bit too expens for me
I got through that sentenc like a subject and a predic
hillaryclinton makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
He definit deserv the rest of the candi
icelebratetrumpwith look for a substitute. My hispan lawnmow could be deport ani time soon and grass won't cut itself
"'thi elect will decid whether we are rule by the people, or by the politicians!' - donald trump "
"stopislam islamkil after pari attack mani countri say, syrian refuge are not welcom anymor"
todolistbeforechristma To make a parti
n.y. order trump' chariti to stop fundrais  polit
itsunacceptableto to be unaccept
‘not my president:’ trump denounc in protest across US  
brussel islamkil the media must denigr isi at all level or youth will continu to be drawn to it.
everi human be is intend to have a charact of hi own
It aint over till it over. yogi berra
thi doggi love thrash to death metal 
hip hop-along cassidi superoldhero
hoje tem !!! trumppence16 trumpforpresid
these yazidi women are be bought and sold like anim and yet hillari claim to be a feminist while protecting… 
.realdonaldtrump: hillari should disarm her bodyguard if she realli believ 'gun don't keep you safe' 
I pick realdonaldtrump and he pick alexand acosta for labor secretari that' fair! 
breaking: tim kain just betray hillary! look what He reveal about fbi today…  
exactli how I feel!it isn't about republican vs democratsit' about our country!corrupt shall not win! 
igetdepressedwhen david duchovni and gillian anderson don't show up my door everi time there is a  nois in my hous
trump in ftmyers: “refus to say ‘radic islam’ ha never save a life and it never will“ftmyer 
"I regret so much that europ is lost forever! wa it worth it to becom ""cultur enriched""? "
myemmynominationwouldb worst bipolar meltdown. 
kathycollins411 but have more than 20 or 30 cat isn't normal
the atheist materi of today' secular liber is littl more than an empti fals religion. tcot randpaul
thingspeopleontwitterlik puppies! 
more and more life long dem join trumptrain after dncleaks! 
"kadrigursel ok, that' inform"
our presid care about illeg more than he care about our veterans!veteran befor rapefugees! 
It is much easier to be brave if you do not know everything.  – loi lowri
"saa christian regiment command captur by fsa in al-ramousseh, aleppo "
"she' got her daddy' tongu and temper, sometim her mouth could use a filter, god shook hi head the day he built her. leebric"
refresh to see that everyon in thi store is so polit and ha all their teeth. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
chelsea clinton to rais money in jersey citi 
"muslim wife say ""fuck america"". husband arrest for food stamp fraud and burglary! cultur enrich my ass "
trump tell black congreg he want to fix ‘mani wrongs’  news
lolright 
montana gop lawmak nick schwader and daniel zolnikov endors libertarian gari johnson for presid 
stopislam islamkil all the muslim refuge are terrorists.europ should restrict their harsh law to muslim onli or deport all
"hillary' health is ""day to day"" accord to huma. hillaryshuma hillarysemail "
"vieira chose the wrong team , warn fellow arsen great thierri henri"
margomountjoy what' the deal with dope use? I though wada wa fight it. can you explain this? 
did jimmi fallon go too easi on donald trump? 
gopdeb you know that  thi is what I call to care about US citizen at the first place! vegasgopdeb
.danieljhannan: these kid are protest becaus no one ha ever said 'no' to them &amp; they'v been taught in schoo… 
"gun an issu between hillari clinton, donald trump for georgia...  |  "
dreadpool stonedcomicbook 
ilove__butihate__ I love coffe but I hate coffe ice cream
"trump adviser: melania nude pictur ""noth to be embarras...  |  "
faith is the function of the heart.
"cheshirecain i'm not claiming. It IS a joke. you just don't get it, caus you'r not permit to say ""nazis"", are you?"
clinton' lie vs. trump' lies: separ and unequ | editori
penc to visit moon on thursday 
"the nobel peac prize winner is encourag rioter to keep on rioting: ""don't be silent."" So much for peac tra… "
breaking🚨photo: dumpster after bomb explod in it in manhattan. At least 15 injured!  
don't let someon tell you that long distanc will never work. you make it work.
"democraci not ‘just for billionaires,’ hillari clinton tell crowd in n.y. "
buy more wash machin my4wordnewyearsresolut aofestivefrol 
terrorism: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
trumpbecaus you will be the guy I vote for mr. realdonaldtrump !! 😏😏😏
polit kain contradict clinton statement on abort fund
sometimesitsokto delet your classifi emails? Or wait
whi to talk about christianity? are christian oppress or something? stopthegop
"finally, trump lead clinton in texas, accord to a new poll. "
"cbsthismorn can't wait til he ""grab"" up penc 's piece... realdonaldtrump gump mutt "
I thought thi wa the line for free abort march.                      renamemillionwomenmarch docthompsonshow
mccain fight 'trump-like' contend in senat primari  |  
citi offici disput claim made by hillari clinton at con...  |  
No one is useless in thi world who lighten the burden of another.
moin!😊 sonntag hamburg 
d.c. mayor bowser promot statehood at the rnc  polit
solid gold medal  olympictv 
blogoverwatch china' crash? weird
breaking: announc just made at denver elect offic that all state system are down 
"ich wünsche euch ein toll wochenende, mein lieben! guten abend! "
ireallylikeyoubut you have to choos between me and your make up
satin sleep bonnet - $24.99   blacktwitt blackownedstor vcreation  
"großbritannien wird  unser enger freund bleiben, frau merkel wird es sicher machen merkelmussbleiben"
chelsea clinton challeng ivanka trump over equal pay  polit
obama face question after final g20 meet  polit |  
"demdeb won't help 'em, trump is near the finish line demdebatemiami"
trump2016 is our onli chanc to get those corrupt ass out of the white house! 
cat meet world cattv midnight
I got too much on my plate
melania trump rnc speech under scrutini for plagiar  news | 
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
A gentleman is simpli a patient wolf!
"sometimesitsokto sing in the shower where no one could hear you. oh, screw them "
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel anoth one IN thenmetro NO NO 
narrat people' lives: At the perfum shop! 😱 (make friend scare of friend xd) 
"hillaryclinton hillary: ""I turn over all my emails.""li"
"In pivot delco, clinton push pro-famili agenda "
sjw tcot politicalcorrect fuckpc trump2016 realdonaldtrump wakeupamerica pjnet mikerowework amirik 
hillari clinton speak in cleveland: crowd reaction (video)  polit
thi piss me off! americafirst! trumppence16  trumpforpresid
brussel islamkil
"mike huckabe on a hillari clinton presidency: ""we'r go to have open borders; immigr is go to be uncont… "
I honestli do not understand thi type of women 
"trump, interrupted, heckl in visit to flint church "
what if the theacademi hold white oscar and non-whit oscar year after year altern oscarhasnocolor oscar 
what' happen to our world.. guns4ni
addabandtoatvshow digit underdog
washington dumberbroadway
"america: where it' accept to step on our flag, but unaccept to kick illeg out.that must be stopped! "
"congress rebuk obama, overrid veto of 9/11 legisl "
hillari clinton and donald trump court ohio voter on laborday 
für gabriel ist der besuch von yadvashem ein zutiefst persönlicherholocaustremembr
nation secur offici state support for clinton over trump  polit
bewar of the egg easterin4word 
watch megyn kelly' reaction as trump wins! it' priceless😂rt if you'r also done with her bias show! 
will anyon tell us what` go on?!! there is a huge troubl in american fall and pocatello! phosphorusdisast
pau ran directli to see kobe after hi 23 point led chi to a W over lal on christma 
"donald trump: ""no wonder you'v been fight isi your entir adult life"" debatenight debates2016 debat"
A right thing to do 
sen. joni ernst tri to rise with donald trump by her side 
kain cite death penalti struggl as penc focus on abort  polit
"watch: protest grab sign from trump supporter, get maced! "
"'I hope donald trump will be the next US president. good for america, good for europe.' ~ geert wilder "
"""tomorrow' halloween but there' noth more haunt than the thought of hillari clinton in the white house"" ~… "
trumpbecaus trump want america to be great again. hillari want everyon to feel asham of be american 👲🏿👰🏿💩
trump support leav cnn anchor speechless wow ashamedtobefrommo 
istartcryingwhen I see a phenomen athlet perform and know I can't do it.
I wish some of you care about homeless veteran more than you do illeg immigr and refuge 
.midnight cattv deadliest catch
ilove__butihate__ pugs/poop 
gopro killer for $105!   gameshowhostpickuplin newslett chinavas sportcamera 
possibl elect day problem worri civil right advoc  news
"peopl gener see what they look for, and hear what they listen for"
7 tweet on khizrkhan from cnn in just 1 hour! No other news to cover?!propaganda 
my4wordnewyearsresolut  just wait and see
otherthingstodoin6second     exercise!      talkietag 
the bright knight summeramovi midnight
"donald trump' 'second amendment' solution: did he advoc violenc against clinton, judges?  news"
trump threaten to bring gennif flower to debat  polit
sometim the right path is not the easiest one. –grandmoth willow (pocahontas)
reasonstogetdivorc no brain
russian ambassador to turkey wa kill by a muslim terrorist chant allahu akbar
So damn accur 
whi doesn't michel obama feel shame for her husband?🤔🤔 
"never complain, never explain. resist the temptat to defend yourself or make excus"
you know I may never rememb who...
some day I will buy a weapon and go to the govern with the onli one question: who to kill for the approv of 2a.  nogunsforcrimin
'west wing' cast to campaign for clinton  via news 
"somedayidliketose a reviv of ""guy"
incontrovert evid that trump is an authoritarian tyrant 
hillaryforprison2016  -   trumpforpresid
what you can do today is to thank peopl for put their live on the line on a daili basi at ani hour to help us supremesacrificeday
«never say anyth about yourself you do not want to come true.» briantraci
"MT jdhlsc169: tedcruz, the onli true choic to return thi countri to it' found roots!  cruzcrew pjnet"
grow hack: 5 way you can disguis your weed garden   via 3tags_org pjnet weed 420 cannabi growhack
"norleansdaili white house, christi fight over reform credit"
kamala harri becom the second black woman elect to the US senate✊🏾 
mycookingshowwouldbeabout my impress cook skill 
potu you should quit
the latest: georg W. bush join dad in congratul trump  
believ It to cleaver problematickidsshow midnigh
sacr geometri at the halftim show staywok
give Us $1k a week or we’ll hurt you — nypd cop prey on local busi like the mafia
thi beauti florida teen paid respect to trayvon martin &amp; other victim of polic brutal on her prom dress ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 htt…
breaking: thi morn trump woke Up To the best new Of hi entir life!!  
"My dog know when to leav when not wanted, other bitches, not so smart."
'it' a choic between american and hillary' corrupt globalism.' - realdonaldtrump 
week and geek athleticstvshow
dnc email leak reveal strategi on AZ lawsuit  polit
"mrsbellala frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
🔥rumors🔥: kim kardashian consid vote for donald trump‼️ 
buy my tweet thingspeopleontwitterlik
merkel sieht sich al retter europa merkelmussbleiben
rnc 2016: 5 strangest moment of day 3 in cleveland  polit
camren is real tf! whatiwantforchristmasin4word
ishouldgetamedalfor all the time i'v embarrass myself
muslim refuge present a real problem for the US vegasgopdeb
hillaryclinton crookedhillari ha more secur on her book tour than she provid to our diplomat in benghazi! 
imagin liberals' reaction if potu did the same 
barf brook drunkband midnight
"elections2016 hillari hillaryclinton trump trumppence16 trump2016 donaldtrump uselections2016 twitter exit poll,… trumpforpresid"
jame sound great! 
yusefsalaam santanaraymond realdonaldtrump I see you said the blind man... 
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
2A is the most problem in state nowaday gunviolenceoregon
"juliakloeckn h�tten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  f�r merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
trump to hold campaign ralli in virginia  polit
guns4ni and never forget about safety. stay togeth and be brave! 2A is our protect befor the face of the enemy!
So sad thi happen yet again! 🙏🙏 guns4ni
"In blue-collar south jersey town, trump is a tenant "
i’m too fat!!! 😭😭😭
onewordoffmoviequot midnight here' look at your kid
obama is still not arrest and hang itshardtobelievethat
got him 😉 ethan dolan 
today' weather forecast: sever case of pm with a strong chanc of the bitch swing :)
somedayidliketose trump drive hi car into the ocean.
i'm gonna put a curs on you and all your kid will be born complet naked.
"kirkpatrick, mccain trade jab over support for clinton, trump  polit"
"""becom the nomine of the parti of abraham lincoln... ha been the greatest honor of my life"" trumpindetroit "
polit gop moder chri vanc wage low-budget challeng to patti murray
3wordhillari can't use e-mail 
etern vigil is the price of liberti guns4ni
that moment you see someth hilari while drive 😂😂😂😂😂 
hillary: 'it’ pretti clear that it' time to move on.'
n.y. time endors clinton in white hous race 
good idea for valentine` day! 
it' alway sunni in guernsey cowtv midnight
the latest: kain highlight trump' comment about women 
I think hillari could die dure debatenight 
"""our job are flee the country. they'r go to mexico... we'r lose our good jobs."" ~ donald trumpdeb debatenight"
might as well tag thi makeabookwarm am I do it right 
watch: harlan explain whi rex tillerson is the perfect pick for sec of state. 
that' the third parti america realli need neverhillaryortrump 
childrenthinkthat parent are happi to get up at 7 am on weekend
yf1  insultingmovi find the best rate for payday loan for free at: http//bit.ly/2i8ck3m
slaveryofspeech obama need stupid people!
love is the onli forc capabl of transform an enemi into a friend.  – martin luther king
there' more to life than date the boy on the footbal team.  – taylor swift
trumpbecaus honesti and charisma thi is how he' go to beat 'em all. caus the real man for that job doesn't need more
break bass fishtv midnight
I love you babyyyy showyourlovein4word
secondhandgift virgin
obama doj drop charg against alleg broker of libyan weapon over fear to instig a new investig on… 
obamanextjob golf pro?
those who don't know how to weep with their whole heart don't know how to laugh either. – golda meir
realdonaldtrump congratul from russia! 
"due to the signific of today' anniversary, no quot until tomorrow. hope god ha been treat you well, jason. 911 neverforget"
topvideo icymi: bill clinton portray hillari as 'change-maker' 
"rat in hats, of course!  darylont thingspeopleontwitterlik "
"but what differ doe it make, right? "
"trumpbecaus He is leading! trump, you...are...the...man! trump2016 realdonaldtrump"
come break me down
clash rock aqsa mosqu compound for third day
"thingstobeashamedof - not help when you know someon is in need and you have the time, energi and resourc to… "
"pence: natural-born citizen law set, ‘anchor babies’ a question  polit"
fsa also seiz beyt misto from isi 
"If don't fight today, they won't stop tomorrow nocybercensorship"
slaveryofspeech the press is tri to full our head with the shit our govern need
imtoooldfor get waist just becaus my friend ha money. (but I still do)
"the latest: In leak speech, clinton discuss young voter "
"Or here, move along, noth to see here. realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016   trumpforpresid"
"fun fact: obama administr refus to do so despit the fact that saudi arabia, egypt and uae consid them ter… "
dharma
romper room hourli rate problematickidsshow midnight
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit
tofeelbetteri use a bodi doubl whilst I idli sit by and watch the media ask her questions.
there is a differ way for human to live and the way to realiz the vision lie in the accept of the content of thi present moment.
worldvideo sweden' princ carl philip marri realiti TV star sofia hellqvist (reuters) 
backlash grow against trump' comment on dead muslim soldier' parent  polit
"good night, everybody! maga "
"kkk grand dragon endors hillari clinton, say she ha “hidden agenda”  blackpress"
swing my heart across the line usa imho
"nomin trump, indict clinton and other top convent moment  polit"
"""michel you may not realiz it, but american reject you and everyth you stand for."" ~ judgejeanin "
американский политический беженец поздравляет обаму с днем рождения из санкт-петербурга
ten thing I hate about jew insultingmovi
too rich spiritcook draintheswamp maga3x trump pizzag hillaryforprison2016 seanhann loudobb thomasbe… trumpforpresid
the internet is becom the town squar for the villag that the world will be tomorrow.–bil gate
senat control up for grab as democrat seek major  
guess who just vote bitches!!! trump2k16 trumpforpresid
the lion guy dumberbroadway midnight
"ag43524217 right, bro. they just demonstr how littl their stupid ideolog mean to them. then whi should we consid it at all?"
the pure strength of a tiger 🐯😱😱😱😱 
bundeswehr legt im internet neue reality-show auf
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘when you have an effici government, you have a dictatorship’ "
clever_dov I feel even older caus I rememb see thi pic like 3 year ago sheeeed
IF you go: detail on michel obama' visit 
idontneedacostumebecaus I had enough of thi as a child 
patriot guid to twitter here  tcot pjnet ccot
tinamcm1 now presid trump ha a lot of work to do after obama leav the office!
"khizr khan: ""donald trump is up against divin intervent form allah."" hillari is a messeng of allah now! "
"2ndamendmentday the right of the peopl to keep and bear arms, shall not be infring"
fox’ megyn kelli to guest-host ‘live’ day after elect  news
protestersarecrimin and they must be arrested!
fergusonrememb We need to find a peac solut to the problem blacklivesmatt
thingsthatshouldbecensor everyth politician speak
clinton campaign fire back over trump' philadelphia putdown 
humoritarian cnn sweet honey bear
"I know you don't like me caus your bitch most like does, you see me on them dub in front of everi club"
 I wish I had one like this!
don't believ predictions😉makeamericagreatagain 
"i'v seen it, it' about thi biganthoni weiner send me a pic "
"unlikelymagic8ballansw 8ball would like to share your locat                       tap ""ok""                        shhhh..."
"nocybercensorship a thought to china' great firewall, the biggest censor in the world"
"you have three choic in life: give up, give in, or give it all you’v got."
toavoidworki prefer to make speech
"pleas god, pleas let trump win. trumppence16 trumpwinsbecaus trumpforpresid"
"thing the left will never understand: logic, economy, and whi trump won the election."
there is one thing in thi world that ha the abil to chang our whole life in an instant... it' action.
I love thi guy! 
thi polic offic wa caught punch a woman in the face — she wa arrest and charg with assault an offic… 
"someon who truli love you, see what a mess you can be, how moodi you can get, and how hard you can be to handle, but still want you."
merkel ist offen gegenüb anderslautenden meinungen. merkelmussbleiben
clinton aid link trump campaign to russian email hack 
they call themselv refuge but they can afford smartphones! what a hypocrisy! 
hauptversammlung in london: air berlin verspricht besser zeiten 
obama will never let us to indicthillari He want hi legaci to be continued.w can't allow it votetrump2016 
vote trump2k16 trumpforpresid
msm lie about trump 24/7but never mention hillari who destroy libya &amp; laugh about IT 
and what' next? heroin? meth? junkieu
2016in3word 
infinit thing I hate about you insultingmovi
"ohio elect law written to favor white voters, attorney says: subodh chandra, attorney for the northeast ohio...  cleveland polit"
"clinton, trump set for last debat as ugli race near finish "
lova that guys!! 
let see the new jeep trailhawk do this. yeah right. 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
how touch is it! lol 
call for trump to quit the race fade after the debat  polit
trump: My strongest asset ‘i my temperament’  polit
A war is a symptom of human' failur inhonorof 
"happybirthdayangela davi stand and fight, black people!"
russian are everywhere... 
MT lynnmarki: tedcruz vow to utterli destroy isi as commander-in-chief!  cruzcrew pjnet
clinton lead By double-digit in new hampshire: wmur state poll  polit
"immigrant4trump: watch 1,400 US worker learn their job are move to mexico full"
hillari clinton' other blackout: darci cartoon  polit
morn new recommend clinton for presid  |  
javierdunn wa bloodi and beaten by polic dure an altonsterl protest at baton rougeboost thi asap 
"haha, check out addamovieruinamovi for some hilarious, aw and amaz suggestions! giggl "
the montreal indec expo   sexysport midnight
thi day sucks!! furi and anger 😤 😈
isn't it weird that in america our flag offend so mani people..but our benefit don't? 
A few block evacu in manhattan &amp; helicopt are surround the area! chelsea nycexplos 
wa will hunt realli that good? inquisitivemovi
black live don't matter to ani politician. electionday 
In live coulomb athleticstvshow
the 2nd amend is under siege. We need scotu judg who will uphold the US constitution. ~ donald trumpdeb debatenight
"excus me, are these scooter for disabl peopl only? unlikelythingsheardatwalmart "
it' elect day!! trump2k16 trumpforpresid
stop blame each other and start speak pithili demdeb demndeb
here' a photo of non-brainwash peopl who read nyt nomine for a stolen seat piecemakeamericagreatagain 
"even if my intent are good, the result is still aw :("
black live matter are be call isis? really? 
whomp...ther you are! songshannibalwoulds
sucralos and high fructos corn syrup mustbeban
onli rep offer relev decisions. vegasgopdeb
Es war ein schrecklich woche... die welt muss den terrorismu besiegen prayforafghanistan… 
"charliecalley63 I don't have ani crayon to explain it to you, but mayb thi would help. that is what just happen… "
itsriskyto drink
He hadn’t a colledg degre and still did great work to our countri happybirthdayharrytruman
"4wordgreatidea consid the ""edit"" button"
gop leader alarm about remov of tennesse histori 
A man' worst difficulti begin when he is abl to do as he likes.
"be a male is a matter of birth, be a man is a matter of age, but be a gentleman is a matter of choice."
valentinesdayin3word  singles' awar day
lorelaiharp selfi are harm for your health
elitist in polit
and you?tcot pjnet 
christmasaftermath did not manag to convinc my uncl that he would be happi as I would be if he paid my student loa…
politweec place for bad habbits?
makemusicreligi  right In the psalm Of your hand
"topnew live from new york, it' a trump-clinton rematch - of sort"
I can have anoth you by tomorrow
"pharrel william won’t let hate, intoler or donald trump “take us back 200 years.” "
tunisian terrorist left hi passport in the truckotherwis how'd allah know that he did it? tcot 
so mani cars!!! 
"islam extremist who promot behead gay peopl is now teach children in london. way to go, uk!… "
i'll tell you howitfeelstobeablackgirl 
oscarssowhit cuz blackactorssobad oscarhasnocolor oscar
"""what To expect when you'r In phoenix"
"...thi is what happen when you tri to run from the past... It just doesn’t catch up, it overtak … blot out the futur"
hillaryclinton hire hacker after suspect hack 
bonniebless ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
disgust: hillary' camp want to use 'back of dead americans' in benghazi stmt to congress for 'bit of moral outr… 
christian stand for the kkk?sinc when?? 
heidil_rn patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 2A 
half of these ‘refugees’ are mask isi member islamkil
spicer explain It all problematickidsshow 
"clinton call for donat for louisiana flood victims, but warn against caus ‘distractions’  polit"
clinton on crimin justice: will face system racism head On  polit
sinc black racist kidnap and tortur white peopl it' about time  we discuss black supremacist problem in the U… 
3wordsbetterthanilovey eat MY ass
I learn a long time ago that we get out of life exactli what we put into it – no more and no less.
makemusicreligi night in white satan
west york mayor want to be like trump and lost hi job 
moment of silenc for fallen cop mar by jeer at dnc convent - video: protest interrupt moment of... 
peopl onli do their best at thing they truli enjoy. -jack nicklau
i`m not go to toler all these muslims! texasjihad
"day after debate, trump, clinton squar off again at roast "
mad much? soccermemori bruh mad 
thi doggi love thrash to death metal 
"remind friends, family, mayors, sheriff"
reasonstogetdivorc just so you can start the hashtag brexpitt
let' be clear: hillari take money from terrorist who attack western civilization!nic 
trumpbecaus every1 els is a puppet on both sides.donaldtrumpforpresid ✊🏿💪
melaniatrump hasn't appear in public sinc her republican nation convent speech 
Me wait for be blame for austinshoot prayfortexa 
equal pay for women whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"trump launch deepli person attack against femal accusers, call them ‘horrible, horribl liars’  polit"
angela merkel bekommt viel zuspruch für ihr rede nach dem g-7-gipfel 
I can see for mile thank to epa regul on air pollut earthdaysong midnight
how I milk your udder cowtv midnight
"clinton, trump in tight contest in 4 states:wsj/nbc/marist poll  polit"
what a splutter on twitter?
reinc priebu say immigr ban will like includ more countri in day to come. deport soro and hi puppet… 
My 6 year old daughter push my 3 year old daughter off the bed mustbeban
hillary' campaign slogan take On A new meaning! 
RT if you like your beat down low and your top let back when you ride on 24'
gun violenc declin -- except in gun-fre zone   tcot pjnet p2 ccot 
"putin or thatcher, who'd you rather?  rejecteddebatetop"
sanbernardino isn't about guncontrol. it' about our nation sens of entitl  prayers4california
fbi investig summary: hillaryclinton is either lie or crimin forget 
how much ground did clinton gain on trump after dnc 2016?
michel obama hit the trail with hillari clinton  polit
"""stop resisting!"" cop charg with rape and sexual assault after pull women over "
trump say he regret comment that may have caus pain  news
"jeff sessions: ""start pack your bags, illegals!"" "
liber logic as it istcot ccot 
watch: christi call trump tax report good news for campaign
hillari took $100 000 000+ from persian gulf states! muslim own her!neverhillari 
realdonaldtrump they are alreadi there and refugeeswelcom polici isn't realli an optionterrorist must stay away from usa
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari social justic agenda. everyon is a champion.
dishonest! cnn cut off congressman when wikileak mentionedth biggest news channel in the world behav like… 
"""nudg (what I call him) ask could he be in my cabinet but he will never fit inside, it just not possibl"
ted cruz’ call to gop voter are miss one name: donald trump  polit
"2ndamendmentday A militia, when properli formed, are in fact the peopl themselv"
dump trump in nevada come with big risk for gop senat hope  polit
"life is short, live it!"
more: nyt say It ha obtain some of trump’ 1995 tax record  polit
pois for attack: photo show lion shortli befor maul woman to death
MT bodybynance: who realli stood up and fought against amnesti and obamacare? tedcruz trust  cruzcrew pjnet
studi as if you were go to live forev
watch: now thi woman know what muslim think about her rights. pleas RT to show thi to everi hillari supporter! 
obama cancel meet with new philippin presid 
sound like facism to me... 
my comment to other driver when i'm on the road thingsthatshouldbecensor
islamkil the world is get worse....anoth attack on innoc people. ha to stop prayforbrussel
doroba ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
retweet thi to make conserv angry.vot obama 
iamonfir priceless autocorrect text disasters: don't let them happen to you.
iknewweweredoom when you order mild salsa.
practic magic mike allmalereboot
"trump: ""our campaign is about repres the great major of american who turn on the TV &amp; don’t hear anyon speak for them."""
"new analysis: trail hillari clinton, donald trump turns...  |  "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm life' gonna hit you like a truck home boy
"man darf es nicht unterschätzten, dass unser stabil regierung merkel leistung ist merkelmussbleiben"
ben carson defend connect hillari clinton to lucif  polit
think it' time to shut down their emot and just be numb for awhile. it' just easier not to feel.
"2ndamendmentday gun are our friend becaus in a countri without guns, i'm what' known as ""prey"
f*ck da polic and their brutality! antipolicebrutalityday
wolfgang schäubl will es auch: 2017 werd ich mich freuen
Me tomorrow regardless of the results😂electionday 
sometimesitsokto cri over tv show

dnc orchestr violenc against trump support and media ha been justifi thi the entir election.. sick!… 
crotch-22 onewordoffbook midnight
"nonprofit ask clinton, trump to stop campaign on 9/11 "
don't argu with a fool. the spectat can't tell the difference.

w-a-l-k the line dogsong midnight
To trump' new defector in gop: what took you so damn long? | moran 
he’ just sick! such peopl mustn’t buy guns!  gunviolenceoregon
"pat toomey denounc trump, clinton, but won't say who he will support "
"whi aren't there ani ""knock. knock."" joke about america? becaus freedom ring happyindependenceday"
In hamburg gab es am donnerstagvormittag nach angaben de deutschen wetterdienst einen tornado 😱😱😱 umwett
"you can trust kaine, arizona deleg say  |  "
gop:th US is on firetrump:you'r firedlibs:th fire can be friendlyhillary:mi pant are on fire election2016 
starski and gitch maketvshowscanadian
"wohlhabend geldgeb favorisieren cdu und fdp. Es ist doch völlig normal, weil sie an die unternehm denken! "
clinton need women; musk want to go to mar (10 thing to know for wednesday) 
and i'm freee! free mason! conspiracysong
We should stop talk about oscars… realli oscarhasnocolor 
democrat tri to rain on donald trump' parade: democrat nation committe chair debbi wasserman schultz of ...  cleveland polit
"where' christie? In washington for trump again, sourc say"
tension eas in gabon capit after riot over disput elect  news
the moment you realiz hillari clinton is f*cked!rncincl gopincl trumppence16 
survivalguidetothanksgiv don’t make polit the main theme of your holiday discuss
ccot It is your duti as a patriot to join your state militia. join here: 
".charliedaniel ""hillari wasn't cleared, she wa just shown to be abov the law the rest of us have to abid by"" "
she hate me like I hate you insultingmovi
wish good luck to them with law enforc regain the public trust! serviceofnosecret
"hillari clinton diagnos with pneumonia, doctor say  polit"
charlesbukowski barfly: Do you hate people? I don’t hate… book bookquot quot quot
she' beauti ! (786) softenabadguy   
"huckabe on trump' mexico visit: ""it show a bold presidenti move. It show someth that hillari doesn't have."" "
possibl terrorist attack foil in antwerp: car drive at high speed toward mall
dnc chair perez: trump immigr order a ‘racist’ action against muslim 
bbctomenglish hello! here' what I found on twitter. can you pleas comment on this?  
john_verhoef wcj22151 the most evil and deadli terror group on the planet is call islam state. not christian state
"melania trump' speech is '93 percent different' from michel obama's, chri christi say  polit"
i never smoke me no cigarett lone
cheer on twitter for hillari clinton' histor nomin  polit
"hillaryclinton nytim ""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl"
funni that democrat now blame anyon but themselv for thistrumpprotest 
self defenc solut !
"larri king tell bill clinton: ""cnn will serv you after you'r elected"" caught on camera whisper to each other "
muslim the faith that want to kill and rage war on christian
europe’ rape epidemic: western women will Be sacrif At the altar Of mass migrat 
could big-citi tax issu in ohio boost turnout in key hillari clinton area  polit
obama tri to cover-up hi war on cop with hi phoni speech but we know the truth! batonroug 
kirk: obama ‘act like the drug dealer in chief’ 
rulesforeverydayliv BE polit befor fart IN AN elev 
"dielink b_riexing habt ihr angst, dass im anderen land link auch so eindrucksvol auftreten können?"
"ben carson: “I am honor to accept the opportun to serv our countri in the trump administration."" "
"makemusicreligi not goscular, that is a combin of gospel"
hannib hanniballecter: the mirror in your mind can... quot quot madsmikkelsen
It is time for african-american to leav the democrat plantation!black vote trump! 
"kimmy_hill_  not sure, but might be, amazed?"
trump rebuk david duke 'a quick as you can say it'  |  
 5 second Of summer - don't stop
kerri can`t do anyth with negotiations! iran postpon them day by day kerrydosmth
littl iron the state with the strictest gun law ha a mass shoot  prayers4california
today we'r rememb notori b.i.g. 
manag is do thing right. leadership is do the right things. – peter drucker
.realdonaldtrump it' time to reject the media
dope (2015) 
hillari clinton rally. the onli way she is win in poll is by cheat hillarycoverageiscrap 
racism - the belief that one race possess characterist distinguish it as inferior or superior to anoth ra… 
"trump won't endors ryan, mccain in primari  |  "
some fact that our media will never show you. It is too busi brainwash you. 
jame johnson drop the hammer! toronto raptor 
black pastor who march with john lewi say thi time he’ on the ‘wrong side of history’ 
roger ail use fox new budget to financ ‘black room’ campaign against hi enemi 
"clinton at 43%, trump at 41% in cb battleground tracker poll  polit"
I will never forget that day becaus it' my friend’ birthday and we were have a parti   my911stori
polit fact check: democrat nation convent day 3
imalwaysokwith him on top 
A bottl of seltzer from the pantry.   lastminutegifts2016
'huge catastrophe'a britain is forc to withdraw spi after russia and china access file stolen by edward snowden ht…
sometimestwittermakesm connect to peopl I like and admire. until they do someth stupid 2 time then I drop them.
donald trump report monday for juri duti -- after ignor So mani summons
"trump: ""the hillari refuge plan would leav us with gener of terrorism, &amp; extrem insid of our shores.""… "
your vote wa a hate crime!notmypresid 
"""what' go on with hillari clinton – there is no justic in thi country. zero."" ~ donald trumpdraintheswamp "
and he' doin thi in a spongebob shirt 
rand paul : 'white kid don't get the same justice' 2016elect
sentedcruz too bad it' not for you to decid
"icelebratetrumpwith simpsons. they promis the next US presid will be lisa simpson, and they were right with T… "
detroit meet donald trumpwhat the media doesn't show you! trumpindetroit 
reasoniamnotpresid mayb my eyes? I have no eye
rudi poster on serg ibaka! sacramentoproud 
clinton to speak thursday on trump’ ‘divisive’ candidaci  polit
trumpindetroit 
"new analysis: for trump, an america that Is not a nation o...  |  "
ireallylikeyoubut t
"My eye don't shed tears, but, boy, they pour when i'm thinkin' 'bout you"
2016 focu shift to clinton-trump rematch  news
"how to beat the buzzer, by jimmi butler. nbaballot (my50 chicago/nba leagu pass) "
I will continu to support with the republican parti to tri to encourag primari vegasgopdeb
arpaio to rnc: 'donald trump will build the wall'  polit
trump to black voters: 'what do you have to lose?' 
osuphan96 hawkeraven you should leav your mom' basement asap
istartcryingwhen shawn turn 18. happy18thbirthdayshawn happybirthdayshawn
our govern had to prevent this! how they let it happen?! phosphorusdisast
candidqueso I love you too❤️
thi is my favorit pic to show lib when they tell me no minor would ever vote for trump! 
"rejecteddebatetop so, what about porno?"
I am not young enough to know everything.
"for all of hi win talk, trump keep broach the poss...  |  "
let tear flow of their own accord: their flow is not inconsist with inward peac and harmony.
mike_p We love you! you will make a great VP for america!
hee-haw land redneckamovi midnight
stopislam keep canada white islamkil 
3 thug who beat up trump sup. in chicago have final been identifi &amp; arrested.glad that scumbag were caught!… 
2016electionin3word i'v a bad feeling…
hacker target elect system in more than 20 states: offici  news 
"""A nation without border is not a nation at all. We will make america safe again!"" ~ donald trump "
your face when your dad is a sexual predat 
islamkil refugeesnotwelcom is sensibl in light of european happen by muslim stopislam
you won't see these word of support on TV b/c dishonest msm hide it!th latino won't b slave to the democrats. 
I like pigs. dog look up to us. cat look down on us. pig treat us as equals.
brussel immigr without assimil is an invas islamkil
assassin the american spirit Of independ   via 3tags_org pjnet
reasonstogetdivorc when the prenup say you get the money!!
"I believe, we should makeamericagreatagain! trumptrain wakeupamerica gulfwar "
seem anti-gunn like obama/hillari dont even know their own law !  prayers4california
"‘I love everi part of it, I love the fact my skin is uniqu and that my whole skin is one tone.’ nyakim gatwech, south…"
trump misfir on nfl/debat claim  polit
"newt gingrich: ""I think donald trump had a veri good night tonight."" debat "
beadi rye drunkband midnight bellletstalk
"jim barksdal embrac berni sanders, and gop react with glee  |  "
republican reel after trump’ vulgar comment reveal 
mtnmermaid618 so it' russia' fault that dnc is a corrupt nest? are russian were who rig primari for clinton too?
hillari clinton is evil! (remix) imwithh clintonkain makeamericasafeagain 
"ishouldgetamedalfor hello, boys!"
politweec 👍🏼
how is european govern go to deal with the terror threat? islamkil stopislam
make me your enemi if that make it easier  love
"rememb benghazi, vote trump electionday trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
"mayor rudi giuliani: ""jim comey made the wrong decis in july. He should have prosecut hillari clinton""… "
reasonsiaintinarelationship me: hey boo her: 
local republican distanc themselv from trump’ clinton comment 
"I use to go hike earlier, I miss it! "
duck for cover under the couch when the doorbel ring otherthingstodoin6second
citizenfour cane addamovieruinamovi midnight
obama is total insan if he want to accept refuge after what ha happen in pari islamkil stopislam
just a reminder: georg soro who sent instruct via hillarysemail on how to organis riot - is now hillary's… 
"whi do you support trump? ""he' destroy the media and the establish all together""that' whi the media ha… "
glow in the dark elvis...th lastminutegifts2016
women' t-shirt - lime - $25.00   blacktwitt blackownedstor   
I hear and I forget
realdonaldtrump more basementdwel join our basketofdeplorables! the media will never show you thi pic.. sp… 
addamovieruinamovi the wolf Of beat street  midnight
"We need to creat more 'safe zones', that is, more conceal carri zone guns4ni"
wow! better than bois state? 😂doubl tap If you think so😂 
obama' farewel speech made us to creat our speech
trumppence16 electionday americadecid vote trump!!!!!!! trumpforpresid
sweden in one pic 
obamalegaci destroy the fourth estat and turn it into hi own attack dog 
". cnn say it is ""complet uncomfortable"" with the fact that donna brazil share question with the clinton cam… "
more US adult support marijuana legalization. Is thi becaus of a cancer pain in the ass a.k.a elect 2016?… 
cnn/orc instant poll show that viewer 56% more like to vote for trump after rnc. what about my followers?
👉donald J. trump announc key appoint 
childrenthinkthat trump should better stop be that dumb
did the nobel prize laureat mention bomb 7 countri in 2016 in hi farewel talk? thanksobama 
sometimesitsokto not need somebody' approv
"defeat racism, intoler and all form of discrimin will liber us all. baltimorevsrac"
break video🚨insan is happen now in charlotte..i that peac protest???keithlamontscott 
gopdeb you know that  If anyon care about american peopl - it' gop vegasgopdeb
how can we talk about freedom when it is happen againoscarhasnocolor 
than your for me. your mom is better 4 U reasonmymomisbett
donald trump name reinc priebu as chief of staff  
stop white people. they have priveleg in america. but black peopl have talent and power. thi is more important. 
thi woman wa beaten over trump yard sign...thi is realli aw and scary!!  
that` all fake! 
i'm so happi that I didn't have to hear her voic for more than a month nowhillaryrottenclinton 
doubl tap for futur legend!🙌 obj hypedup 
"""wa ist nur au diesem land geworden!!!""  via zeitonlin"
parent of 2 american kill in benghazi attack sue hillar...  |  
VP debate: not-so-lofti expect ahead of singl debat  news
swat situat report in south fayett township  local
down and trout in beverli hill  fishtv midnight 
moonshinestruck midnight redneckamovi
perezhilton My prayers4california
survivalguidetothanksgiv prepar your mind for to meet new uncl and aunt
murphi emil brown. athleticstvshow
former cnn journalist expos cnn for take bribe from dems!!!  
love cannot save you from your own fate.
obama declar state of emerg in florida.. ..and left to play golf as he did when louisiana wa under water..… 
I onc heard donald trump speak. here' whi that prompt Me To endors ted cruz. --  pjnet ccot
deutschland ohn nato-mitgliedschaft existiert nicht! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
the presid lastminutegifts2016
bruno got the shade on that beyoncé had on last night at the warrior game. staywok
"apologies, emojiaweekend"
thingspeopleontwitterlik retweet
"the nation will never forget what you'v done for itlatt salute, mr. president! "
there should be a date websit call eba
robinson: republican might as well pound sand 2016elect
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
"momin5word bestfriend, confidant, miss her immensely."
"No matter how good or bad you have it, wake up each day thank for your life. someon somewher els is desper fight for theirs."
sometimestwittermakesm lick my phone screen
exactly! 
but islam is the religionofpeace! 
MT jstines3: voter oppos zippy' eo-rend gun control! note: AP still give O a halo! tcot  cruzcrew pjnet
"clinton, trump condemn republican parti offic firebomb  news"
democrat convent day 1: cnn vet the claim  polit
stay patriot!tcot pjnet 
"I do not want to ""hear audio from the shootout"" in sanbernardino  prayers4california"
all dog go to heaven can wait addamovieruinamovi midnight
nice cyber cafe
Do we realli want to turn our countri into china? nocybercensorship
"women' logic? no, it' dems' logic "
gari black: onli donald trump will stop feds’ overreach  |  
"trump may poll zero percent with black voters, but So doe omarosa manigault "
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits."" "
today we remind you of african-american medalist at the 2016 rio olympicsdalilah muhammadgold - track and fiel… 
"gov mike huckabe on trump’ visit to mexico: “he act like a president, but he never waver in hi position.” "
hillaryphob mayb they'd like to take part in our ralli to help mr. trump win pa?
whi not to keep gun at home if you feel safe with it? 2ndamendmentday
happi 55th birthday to the worst potu ever! 
"sanderssay the problem is it' hard to believ anyth she says. she did it to herself, peopl don't trust her"
brussel islamkil whi do you think all those refuge in europ left their homelands? terrorism.
donald trump chariti fail to heed states’ rule with ...  news |  
onli lin-manuel miranda could turn trump' tweet into someth...  |  
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
midnight fishtv mckoiver
"just don't forget what germany, sweden and other european countri got for make refuge feel welcome.… "
"A person who call american a ""basket of deplorables"" is unfit for presidencyelection2016 "
jessayin2u stop throw dirt. that' pathet
she is the qween. trump is potato. damkina bleepthepolic
"makemehateyouinonephras I want to show you photo of our baby, he is so cute"
maketvshowsaustralian the last man in perth midnight
judi blume' wart juic onewordoffbook midnight
vanderpump ruless when tom schwarz put the meat between hi butt cheek thingsthatshouldbecensor
trump nab joint endors from 14 medal of honor recipi 
billionair trump supporter: u.s. economi at a 'precipice'  polit
clinton apolog for call half of trump' support 'deplorables' 
votetrump  trumpforpresid
mexican are angri at their own presid for meet with trump  polit
To gop senategop housegop trumpsupport here' your thingstobeashamedof not care that potu
"if you see folk with tattoos, car decals, or flag of these symbol get photo OF that shit. make their face and vehicl k…"
I need a girl that look badder than my girlfriend you know the one that look badder than their girlfriend  – big sean
merkel ist die mächtigst frau der welt merkelmussbleiben
what 'side'?! beat a person is never justifi 
"""onc men have tast caviar it baffl me how they can settl for catfish."" -blair waldorf gossipgirl iamonfir"
"gunown jenlibertin it' an exception, not a rule"
"willi robertson: “mr. trump is a real leader. He repres success and strength, two attribut our countri needs… "
"honor to share my op- in thehil today, as co-author by peternavarro. pleas RT"
"reallifemagicspel ""who' the good boy"" - for lot of joy, belli rubbing, and tail-wag "
'when your sister tell you yall go to walmart for ice cream then start the revolution' 
when you'r brain cycl a lie with anoth lie
dobsridiculos you cum already? worstpaineverin3word
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot i 
mike tyson knockout collect 
"🚨hillarysemail from aid huma confirm that her diseas is ""life threatening""!!hillaryshealthclintoncollaps "
clinton tear into trump at journal confer  polit |  
"We fight, we know more. We lie, we trust more. We hurt, we love more. We ignore, we miss more.  – ihq"
"just relax man, enjoy life, love everi moment with your family.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
rawlings-blak critic trump' decis to skip urban leagu confer 
pile drive miss daisi dickflick midnight
DC or marvel? rejecteddebatetop
my4wordnewyearsresolut start use a pager.
obama '16: she' the most qualifi person ever to run for president.mayb lie is what it take for liberals. 
maketvsexi strictli cum danc
thi ladi know what she' talk about
the joy of cook book onewordoffbook
I wish georg washington wa still here to see what ha happen with our ‘free’ countri nocybercensorship
"""whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
thou shalt not worship ani fals billi idol makemusicreligi
disput on kids' vaccin reasonstogetdivorc
jonathon_no stlouisdaili whattt????
I won't be silenc blacklivesmatt blackouttampa wakeup staywok fergusonrememb
watch: analysi Of the first clinton-trump presidenti debat 
new poll: Is hillari clinton lie about how her email were handled?draintheswamp 
dncleak dncleak wikileak prove primari wa rigged: dnc undermin democraci
If your attempt to ruin a countri legal fails…you can alway tri to ruin it illegally. 
it' official: first clinton-trump faceoff is most-watch presidenti debat ever 
todolistbeforechristma To get drunk
how can anybodi be for censorship of the internet? nocybercensorship 
trump play it safe with penc pick: darci cartoon: trump doesn't need the tradit attack dog run mate b...  cleveland polit
U wanna come right now???? 😂😂 
sad stori 😭 
babi that blond over there may turn my letter but you? well you can turn down my bed. Go babi buy vowel.  gameshowhostpickuplin
judg block releas of trump’ video testimoni  news
gute nacht und schöne träume mein lieben! 😘 
"If you can't find your cocaine, howard, it doesn't mean someon you polit disagre with took it. liberallog "
"I promis to stay, if you promis to never leave."
how john kasich' snub of donald trump could help rob portman win re-elect (video)  polit
otherthingstodoin6second  spell supercalifragilisticexpialidoci   *clearli I have lot of time on my hands*
berniesand pleas sign and share my petit wakeupamerica neverhillari  
'if I wa american I would vote for anyon but hillari clinton..' ~ marin Le penneverhillari 
warum wollen homosexuel die traditionel institut der ehe zerbrechen? ehefüral
"A hous is not a home, i'll buy a truck"

MT cliffwilkin: support liberti today! join cosproject e-petition.  pleas click  pjnet
spectacular new imag show enorm glacier On mar   via 3tags_org pjnet
2 jumbo phone from samsung ahead of expect new iphon
and you have to pay for themtrump2016 
"trump rais money, ralli support in austin  news |  "
"2 killed, 10 wound In shoot tuesday On south, west side "
green privileg 
"iknewweweredoom when the safe word wa ""L ron"". xenu "
toavoidworki read a lot of motiv post on how to make yourself work
classic hillary' supportertcot pjnet 
eat your shoes. betteralternativetodeb 
itsriskyto fart in public
"hillaryclinton so as if you work in the US government, you know..."
brussel islamkil terribl news about brussel thought and prayer are with you.. prayforbrussel
wer nicht d. ansichten von merkel
video: obama' state depart spokesman laugh after say the depart is transparent.. 
"update🚨sources: explos in charlottesville, virginia can be relat to chelsea explos or earlier pipe bomb in new jersey manhattan"
wikileak and trump hover over hillari clinton: darci cartoon  polit
1 day left until the election.trump jump to biggest lead yet in LA time poll‼️ 
"this, my friends, is how hypocrisi look like. nobodi can show it better than hillaryclinton. "
"jill stein: ""how much more evid doe govern need to press charg against hillari clinton?""draintheswamp "
flesh-light shop-vac attach thingsinventedwhilehigh
dude u rock 
"when you don't have real problems, you ask to be includ in censu "
My famili is a real blessing.
highlight from bill clinton' past dnc speech  polit
donaldtrump campaign manag say 'undercover' voter will turn up in drove to elect him 
trump call for end to violenc  polit
harri truman wa the onli US presid in over 100 yr to see real ground combat happybirthdayharrytruman
"4wordgreatidea me, you, and her"
guntrust thi petit could be a good begin for demilitar of our countri 
it' monday reasonstoprotest
i'm swag whyimgangsta
UK telegraph confirm sealteam6 shotdown taliban trap  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
kmarval why?
6 takeaway from dnc day 3  polit |  
gop declar mike penc “clear winner” of VP debate…befor it start 
hillaryclinton nevertrump   ishouldgetamedalfor absolut nothing! 
whi our govern doesn`t send us some help?! phosphoru leak in pocatello phosphorusdisast
"giuliani on iranransom ""I call it money laundering""obama is a traitor of america. crimin need to be punish "
telechubbi midnight problematickidsshow
trump expand missouri lead while senat race there in dead heat  polit
lingeri team maketvsexi
natur doe noth uselessly.
save america vote trump!imvotingbecaus imwithh electionday election2016 trumppence16  trumpforpresid
black area don’t need 2nd amendment! sign the petition! nogunsforcrimin
die zusammenhalt unser gesellschaft will merkel stärken. merkelmussbleiben
trump is win NY yet voterfraud is goin on! report voter fraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855… 
mayor De blasio vow to protect illeg (which cost nyc $5.1 billion per year) but want feder money to protect… 
hillaryaccomplish her voic is in the top ten worst sound in the world 
breaking: obama to visit louisiana next week. hmm🤔 a littl bit late? 
"obama: strong, unit europ a 'necessity' for u.s.  polit"
"stopislam islamkil no, not all refuge are terrorist but with the world like it is today you cannot take that risk"
mybedroomin3word  cricket are chirp . 
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
"""but voterfraud doesn't exist"" is bs! vote trump! "
grassley send letter to clinton lawyer after more classifi email found
2 broke gill fishtv
olympic-up line sexysport midnight
eclipc 
2016electionin3word make vote matter
".kellyannepolls: ""folks, the campaign is over. He is your president, even if you have 'notmypresident.'"" "
"In wake of hi worst campaign stretch, trump could find redempt — or ruin — in st. loui "
santa clau Is come To boys' town addasongruinamovi
the latest: tribal chairman: obama should 'take action' 
obama say he doesn't take duterte' comment person  world news
"team america water polic  midnight"""
politweec honorable...
rip 2A wa creat to save us from thi dem shit prayers4california
AP source: trump may visit mexico befor immigr speech 
He fought for our freedom! thank you! happybirthdaygeorgewashington
trump campaign shake up leadership in latest sign of tumult 
"yeah, buy tom and kill local african shoemak "
"there is no cure for birth and death, save to enjoy the interval."
"It is ‘black vote matter’, not black live what realli matter for her. she is even readi to support extremists. "
"thingsnottaughtatschool how to answer an unwant ""I love you"""
"pence, kain face off in vice-presidenti debat  polit"
clinton worker caught commit voter fraud in la vegas. hillari clinton can't win without rig system 
I can't believ I wa abl to experi our potenti presid speak at hi veri last rally. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
I think cruz is better than all these clowns. He know shit! gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"gop bill To privat wine, liquor sale under construct  news"
whatineedtodotodayi sign my petit neverhillari hillaryforprison 
trump super pac splurg on ad dure democrat convent  money
"who would make a better presidentrt if duke, mayor of cormorant, minnesotafav if hillari clinton "
.ivankatrump: donald trump “i the champion of so mani peopl who haven’t previous had a voice.”trumpolymp 
"summeramovi  ""wave monster are coming"" "
“A system cannot fail those it wa never design to protect” 
captain 13 coloni superoldhero midnight
bei merkel hat deutschland kein feinde! merkelmussbleiben
shallow men believ in luck or in circumstance. strong men believ in caus and effect.  – ralph waldo emerson
2017survivaltip avoid muslim
field hickey oneletteroffsport
hungri like the irish wolfhound dogsong midnight
notreallyapartyuntil it' taken all three branch of power 
hillaryclinton thi ha gone way out of control. keep her our of the white hous neverhillari sign thi petit  
"fact. ""in the end, we will rememb not the word of our enemies, but the silenc of our friends."" ~ mlk "
"detroit resid speak out against the fail polici of obama, hillari &amp; democratsbasketofdeplor "
"flashback to 2008:rush limbaugh: ""birther start w/ hillari clinton campaign back in 2008"" "
new crime kinloch mayor accus of vote buy by oppon she beat (st. loui post-dispatch) 
it' hijrah -- spread jihad via immigration!  wakeupamerica  norefuge  pjnet  tcot  ccot   
train hay  redneckamovi midnight
"""I am go to keep radic islam terrorist the hell out of our country""~ donald trumpmaga "
 i`m go to do it too!
some peopl of color in philadelphia turn out for trump 
don't run for presid  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"If we ever forget that we'r one nation under god, then we will be one nation gone under.  – ronald reagan"
"christi warn not to 'jump to conclusions' about nyc attack, but defend trump for do so"
"break : ex-apprentic summer zervo paid $500,000 By gloria allr To accus trump, deal went To other too… "
whenitimetravel I onli go bakula
"ein entscheidend moment ist eingetreten, wir all müssen sagen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
cnn what do you expect? they were tri to cover up murder. blacklivesmatt laquanmcdonald … 
"reallifemagicspel ""mi girlfriend' also coming"" turn you into a free person photograph "
ihavearighttoknow if i'm still a virgin
peopl who vote for hillaryclinton  tell my: why?imnotwithh 
wonder whi media cover trump unfairly? 
"clinton see trump tie to ""alt-right"" dystopian ideolog "
gopdeb i’ll keep my finger cross for reps. vegasgopdeb
obama: team usa 'set the gold standard' with it divers  |  
addabandtoatvshow luda-crib
let` watch 50 shade of grey! myrashdecis
"thought i saw mike penc somewher in the past, found it! trumppence2016 americafirst 2A makeamericagreatagain "
don't lose who you are in the blur of the stars.
"politweec oh, god!"
wikileak : clinton camp discuss where to “stick the knife” into berni  
the theme of the halftim show staywok
hillari clinton claim donald trump degrad muslim  |  
will give u the benefit of the doubt. Do u understand whi oscarsoblack started? oscarhasnocolor oscar
the latest: rule offici say dnc chair never presid  polit
I bought a gun and chose drug instead.
cleveland on edg as republican arriv for convent  polit
A twin of myself...
addasongruinamovi midnight snow white riot
US sailor get 1 yr in prison for be reckless with 6 photo of submarine. and what about hillary?hillarysemail 
hillari gave the same script answers. noth new.. total fail!debatenight debat
often it' the one who demand respect are also the one least like to work hard to earn respect. blacklivesmatt
stair climber lol 
obama call for civil then taunt gop
veteran and biker bust up a flag burn party.liber have no honor! 
mani peopl are say mynewcatchphrasei mani peopl are saying. - donald trump
"trump, clinton trade jab At second presidenti debat "
toller sonntag ist vorbei! gute nacht an alle! 😊 hamburg 
"iamonfir it' the lack of faith that make peopl afraid of meet challenges, and I believ in myself. -muhammad ali"
all the president' men in tight  addamovieruinamovi midnight
 I want one machin like this!
messi jame midnight softenabadguy
wait somebodi els got kill by the police? blackskinisnotacrim philandocastil
onli 10% of clinton foundat goe to charity! where is the rest of saudi arabian money? 
new US with high-profil trial come call for courtroom camera (the arizona republic) 
2017survivaltip keep calm and play hashtag game
trump campaign ceo wa charg with domest violenc  via news |  
oaklandtim who if not snoop
whoopi goldberg said she wa leav the US if trump wins. everi RT notifi whoopigoldberg that she can start pac… 
3 door downton abbey  addabandtoatvshow
til' the race been damnit
gonewiththeoscar doe american sniper hit obama?
supercut: dnc day 4 in 3 minut  polit
"meet chelsea bomb suspect ahmad khan rahami. I guess, hi father is next to be present at hillary' ralli tcot "
"Be authent you. you, and all the world, will be richer for it."
open the rear window summeramovi midnight
"i'm veri sorry, hillary. you should just come out. "
"lena dunham is one of the face of dncconvent convent full of liars, crimin and frauds. demsinphilli "
anoth set of mainstream produc now. 
"robothiphop I, beatbot"
It wa an absolut disrespect to the victims' famili to let mateen stand if front line of clinton supporters. 
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth"" "
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first"" ~ sheriff clar… "
"""she' got experi but it' bad experience."" ~ donald trumpdebatenight debat"
"melaniemegal they didn't say anything. they just went on rampage. but you blame racism of course, you'r so woke! smh"
mike penc visit columbiana county: ohio polit roundup  polit
obama will endors 30 more candid for house: politico  polit
weak of attitud becom weak of character.  – albert einstein
realdonaldtrump american black support donald trump! RT if you want to make liber mad!😏 
shoot in gardenc is a result of wrong gun polici gardencityshoot
rudi poster on serg ibaka! sacramentoproud 
"amid libya strikes, obama weigh IS fight  news |  "
whoopi goldberg said she wa leav the US if trump wins. everi RT notifi whoopigoldberg that she can start par… 
swat midnight summeramovi
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für freiheit merkelmussbleiben
trumpbecaus what separ the winner from the loser is how a person react to each new twist of fate
humoritarian simpsons?
she toler my goofi ways! iamup momin5word 
goptownhal donald trump for presid 2016 - republican- bumper sticker vinyl decal  2a tpp gop pjnet 
trump’ new DC hotel vandal with spray-paint graffiti
obamalegaci kinda funni meme 
white man with trump sign mob By blacks! 
".realdonaldtrump: ""I humbl and grate accept your nomin for the presid of the unit states."" 🤘🤘🤘 "
her prioriti will be the hedge-fund that have pump $48.5m in her campaign; trump’ will be the american peopl 
obama say u.s. readi to lift myanmar sanction after suu kyi' visit  world news
you'r in bed and you'r lone and you think you need a man when in fact you onli need a new pair of shoe so open your laptop
that would be realli funni if it wasn't realli sad 🙁 
potuslasttweet  I am open for a book deal
true story.... pjnet wakeupamerica nra tcot ccot tgdn
"bpanderson1164 yeah, she' pretti good at get away with her crime"
A taco salad   thingsinventedwhilehigh
lessgracefulwaystoleav thi 
10 min are enough 😂😂 
chicago sun-tim editori board endors hillari clinton 
look for lastminutegifts2016 visit the new trump snack machin - complet with handguns! sometimestwittermakesme…
realdonaldtrump the onli poll I trust👇 larry_kudlow 
‘someon grab my ass! I still got it!’ whatclintonwrit
that' deep 😂😂
watch trump thank law enforc befor leav detroithav u ever seen hillari thank police?trumpindetroit 
"please, don't forget there are true hero in police!thi offic wa shot 8 times. she' still aliv pleas pray… "
trump’ syria strategi would be a disast 
We will alway rememb the sacrific of all the brave soldier inhonorof
everybodi love trump! 
die innenminist haben sich auf ein härtere lini gegen gefährlich islamisten verständigt terroralarm 
"congression black caucu denounc trump, demand apolog "
great thing 
2016in4word we watch everyth fail
wsj confirms: the clinton foundat is under fbi crimin investig 
our game is about to begin
mick jagger midnight superoldhero
the normal go kart is a peac of shit 
"from high school student to work adults, my type of friendship goal 👌"
i'm not buy veteransforkaepernick either! thank you for you service! 
lefti o’doul’ seek to display nake donald trump statu 
step by step and the thing is done.  – charl atla
2017survivaltip don't stop tweet
anoth state goe red!kentucki is ours!electionnight electionday ivot 
radic left join radic islam is worst american threat in decad   
spectacular new imag show enorm glacier On mar   via 3tags_org pjnet
donald trump mustbeban from the us..
thingstoknowabouttwitt peopl get offend way too easili
"former berni bro explain whi he' vote trump! ""I don't support peopl who steal my vote!""draintheswamp… "
reminder: hillari take money from peopl respons for 9/11..debat 
will toomey back trump? He say he may not tell voter 
like it! 
AP source: trump may visit mexico befor immigr speech  news
trump donat 18-wheeler worth of suppli to louisianaflood victims. whereshillari wheresobama 
overheardatthewishingwel I wish I could have the past year back
cake or pie?  betteralternativetodeb
realli good and truth parodi song about hillari clinton and her classifi email
"starbuck ceo howard schultz urg 'dignity' dure 'epic, unseemli election'  "
haarp confirm weather-manipul tool  ccot pjnet
(ibd) marin gener say isi recruit could enter u.s. via caribbean    - pjnet 999 - 
forgiv is not an easi task but pride is such a foolish mask.
video: obama' orphan behead doll &amp; yell 'allahu akbar'..thi is the religion of peace! 
tylermoland knowladgeispwr and don't twist my words. bud.
6 year on but haiti look like the earthquak happen yesterday. watch: hillari tri to bribe former president… 
i'll be black onewordoffmoviequot midnight
look like shit 
"although he' beardless and 150 pound underweight, sensand is certainli vy for the posit of santaclause... hey wakeupamerica"
"trump, netanyahu discuss islam state, iran, palestinian in meet  news"
white work class know thi is our onli path to surviv trumppence16 is the onli way we strive. stop give our money to illeg
retireasongorband stairlift to heaven
ilikepeoplewho think befor they do someth
historian boycot north carolina over bathroom bill move confer to baltimor  https://t…
"wake up, america! let' make our countri a better place.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv gop "
"If you wish the sympathi of the broad masses, you must tell them the crudest and most stupid thing guns4ni"
"To be honest, I am realli surpris to hear someth like that from a politician.. "
ihavearighttoknow if I can make my baby' head ani shape I want.  worldofhashtag 
merkelserfolg wirschaffendas! Es war sehr mutig ohn zweifel!
i`m think about start a new career! 
"the usa is the onli countri that has, in our constitution, our god given right to protect us from all enemi guns4ni"
liber still have 'trump is racist' as their main argument.  you don't need to think if u support hillari clinton 
the latest: pro-clinton group continu to rake in million 
what middl class? they alreadi wipe out the middl class in 2008 neverhillari
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari anthoni weiner as a mid-school teacher
makemusicreligi crucifi were a boy
"""mi highest duti as presid is to protect our citizen and to uphold the constitut of the unit states."" ~ tr… "
wine wine wi 
"If you find it in your heart to care for somebodi else, you will have succeeded. -maya angel"
‘lock her up’ chant made hillaryclinton feel sad 
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman caintrumpolymp "
So put your hat on. lohner don’t get soft hollywoodundead
beunclassyin4word i'm on period
itookalonglunchbecaus internet
"gun are our friend becaus in a countri without guns, i'm what' known as ""prey."" gardencityshoot"
".realdonaldtrump on nicefrance: ""we'r tri to be so polit correct and we'r make such big mistakes."" "
homeless veteran for trump photo is go viral: clinton camp panic as VA plan expos 
"prayers4california sanbernardino shoot chang nothing, just two psychos, noth more"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you don't like kpop and you probabl don't want to hear me rant about armi
"coldwar20_en huh, of course!"
paul manafort say donald trump won't releas tax return befor election: polit extra: presid obama calls...  cleveland polit
walker play kain in pence' debat prep  polit
spread thi amaz pic to piss off liberals😏
guncontrol simpli doesn't correl with decreas violence. they onli hamper our abil to defend our famili 2A prayer…
yo' big brother  conspiracysong midnight 
"ghstraightiff conservative_vw pander in charg -who herself said demtownhal ,ha not work hard enough! pjnet"
poll: clinton lead trump in wisconsin  |  
vote for trump tomorrow without a doubt trump2k16 trumptrain trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"If what jesu said wa good, what can it matter whether he wa god or not? kurt_vonnegut"
america ha becom a countri of offend peopl who just complain on their problem but not solv them teaparti 
I prefer danger freedom over peac slaveri guns4ni
hey fans!!!! today we are trend rihannaacm make sure to tweet and R I H T W E E t!!!
RT if you also think that vet should go befor illegals! 
have fun today   :) it' electionday maga  trumpforpresid
let' choos who'll eat us next. I bet thi time will be different! (no)electionday 
"reinc priebus: don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in white hous &amp; save thi country!… "
donald trump toppl three centuri of newspap tradit — with endors against...  
I wanna be your slave wordsnotusedoftenenough blackpickuplin 
hickfield trump supporters' car outsid of trump ralli in maine. can't you read?
dnc 2016: menendez say clinton is strong advoc for latino
never trust democrat party. all they do is lie and stele taxpayers' money gopdebatesc
donald trump inquir about atlanta televis ad rate  |  
trump surrog question msnbc host’ ancestri while defen...  |  
that' what crookedhillari alway does! neverhillari  
"trump vow urban crime crackdown, tweet on wade’ slain cousin  polit"
it imposs to watch thi without laugh out 
midnight As I lay puke drunkband bellletstalk
thefirst100daystodolist deni exist of hillari clinton 
"one day, it wa perfect. the next day, it wa over. nothingbeatsglob"
masters!!  
"my4wordnewyearsresolut grind hard, achiev goal"
nothing. else. matters. 
twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k+ follow for be pro-trump! rt&amp;follow to help me fight back! 
nocybercensorship imagin if obama had to cancel a ralli bc a bunch of good ol boy from texa show up. Is it the same? absolut
she kept tell them she couldn't breath they didn't carepolicebrut btp 
communist commi maoism marri confucian - how china' communist are appropriatin...  uniteblu tcot :-(
"""angela' ember"
"trump, continu feud, lash out at gop u.s. senat  polit"
 classy!
obama give lift to italy' renzi with state dinner  news
bill clinton to eulog longtim friend in rhode island  polit
bum fight at the O. K. corral filmsaboutforgettingyourp
riggedelect electionday hillaryforprison2016 jillnothil  trumpforpresid
"ryan clayton, huffingtonpost writer caught pass out russian flag at cpac2017 to creat fakenew hysteria "
nickmccarvel hello! wada shadow activ exposed! here' what I just read 
don`t u believ her?? 
the good news in troubl times!trump lead with military!trump2016 
here' the list of all the right women have under sharia law: 
sometimesitsokto hate polit
".judgenap: ""thi justic depart ha the worst record in the modern era for polic intimid at vote places."" https…"
mike huckabe prais donald trump' recent trip to mexico. 
RT if you'r not a cia agent
mybedroomin3words..r friggin comfort
makemehateyouinonephras you haven't seen it yet? the main charact die in the end!
topnew obama head to louisiana to tour flood-batt neighborhood
who care what about these old liar talk about demdeb demdebatemiami
midnight superoldhero luke roll walker
makesexawkwardin5word My big toe is huge. 
"pastor mark burns: No matter what color you are, We are all one peopl under the red, white &amp; blue! "
watch: joe biden find out the email come from anthoni weiner..thi is priceless😂 hillarysemail 
some sushi call wanda midnight japanamovi
have enough courag to trust love one more time and alway one more time.
did selena gomez get breast implants??!
"rememb your yesterdays, dream your tomorrows, and live your todays."
trumpbecaus trump ha balls. trump person IS america. trumpforpresid 👶🏻💩
god! what 
muslim firebomb bu in pari yell 'allahu akbar'that' what you call religionofpeac 
staywok 
"when you do someth out of love, you don't count the cost."
problematickidsshow My littl boner
"At least they speak their mind about muslim threats, not team up with them! vegasgopdeb"
thanksobama for all those refuge who rape children and live on tax payers' money
"ich find nicht, dass sie schlecht arbeit abgeliefert hat. merkelmussbleiben"
hillary4prison worstpresidentev crookeddemocrat lockthemup  trumpforpresid
itsriskyto join twitter
mrbubbles4200 thi wa taken from some muslim thread
"obama stop cuban refugees, no one bat an eye... muslimban "
alternativeacronyminterpret wwf – we want foundat
topvideo loss and urgenc as biden make case for clinton in ohio 
snatch it outta hi hand and now i'm blazin' it up rapcor
lifeguardian Of the galaxi summeramovi midnight
done press 1 for english... -  ccot pjnet tpnn
"stopislam islamkil bruxel for my mutual come from belgium, pleas stay safe prayforbrussel belgium bruxel"
ilove__butihate__ I love you but I hate you
michigan to have bigger role with dem at philadelphia convent  news
reminder: soro is the biggest donor of hillari clinton!rncincl neverhillari 
the guppi bunch midnight fishtv
well well welltrumpprotest 
makeamoviefat tacos: a dog' tail trany_sp
'if we want to remain a free and open societi we have to control our borders.' - realdonaldtrump 
reasonstogetdivorc he kiss anoth man 
presid obama speak about fight against islam state group  polit
thanksobama for free all those crimin
2 women brutal rape in a taxi in migrant in sweden
"nobscoffeemom don't badmouth kristen, lol!"
more than 5000 european have left for iraq and syria to join isis. scary? teaparti 
topvideo trump tout lead over clinton in ohio 
"donald trump: ""we lose $800 billion a year on trade deal with the world. who make these deals?""followthemoney "
"dchomos: ""all live mat---""  blacklivesmatt nerdland theroot ..."
andthenishouldhavesaid where doe the red brick road go?
whenitimetravel  i'm go to bump into zuckerberg in the harvard cafeteria
reports: trump rescu from elev ahead of colorado rally: donald trump wa trap in an elev for 30 ... 
fill my underwear with tic tac to provid a minti filter for festiv fumes. todolistbeforechristma
bewar the barren of a busi life.  – socrat
don't fall for anyth she ever saystrump2016  
islamkil I hope everyon is okay   thi is so sad to hear as well 999 prayforbrussel stopislam
"trump shake up staff, intent on finish race on own term "
persever is not a long race
limit distribut of weapon in potenti danger area and gun violenc will end immedi nogunsforcrimin
menschenrecht durchdringen all bereich der politik merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
Le pen unterstützt trump: „clinton bedeutet krieg“si hat all richtig gesagtantikriegstag US via faznet
whyimgangsta caus i'm from da street... grant it' sesam street but it' still a street
"trump, netanyahu meet for nearli 90 minut  polit"
In NJ a slingshot or BB gun is a firearm SO nj2a 2a pjnet tcot ccot 
slant mustbeban 
peopl say trump is racist but all he want is to deport those who broke the law. 
trump call for 'extrem vetting' of immigr applic 
new artwork from ben garrison 😂creepykain 
gopdeb you know that  who els can solv the US problems? onli gop candid vegasgopdeb
"and he live in california, so he probabl will be allow to adopt "
midnight stork trek: the nest gener birdtv
safeti concern over trump record chang school schedul befor ralli 
meangirlsrul it' ok to be regular mom
shoot incid make peopl feel like track animal. it' sad. rooseveltfieldmal  gardencityshoot
I can tri turn it off and turn it on again otherthingstodoin6second
An inconveni bluth allmalereboot 
merkel hat schon mehrmal die EU gerettet merkelmussbleiben
maketvshowsaustralian way out west world
icelebratetrumpwith fli the US flag as high as possible. 
thi IS it. trumppence16   trumpforpresid
trumpbecaus the success entrepreneur’ uniqu abil to turn tri time into triumph 😖😹
how to make friend and set fire to peopl  makeabookwarm
race tighten as trump chip away at clinton' lead  polit
merkel ist offen gegenüb anderslautenden meinungen. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
enjoy!hillaryforprison 
reasonsiaintinarelationship 
trumpbecaus usa presid must be strong and powerful! 👽👰🏿
"presid obama ha commut 744 sentences, none involv feder inmat in arizona "
your face when obamacar is trend 
I need you more than you know.
sie ist ein leidenschaftlich gärtnerin und ich auch! merkelmussbleiben
not everyon ha to like you. not everyon ha taste.
"what happen with michaelbrown is an aw tragedy, we’ll never forget fergusonrememb"
"tcot tlot trump drew record number of new peopl to vote against him: A ""yuuuge"" achievement. "
recht konzert in thüringen: mehr al 5000 neonazi belagern kleinstadt themar 
ive been look for a malcolm X poster for a great while now. ship is the main problem inmemoryofmalcolmx
pro-clinton super pac ad manhandl trump quot  polit
how clinton campaign react to trump' charg of a rig elect 
mysaturdaynightin4word
giftideasforpolitician balloon
all cat are grey in the dark
dnttriggermebro hillaryclinton no surpris 😕
madelein albright: donald trump victori would Be a gift to vladimir putin  polit
auto-tun mustbeban
new US latest on baltimor protests: thousand march across US (the arizona republic) 
msm lie about trump 24/7but never mention hillari who destroy libya &amp; laugh about ithillarycoverageiscrap 
small green orb I found on the floor of a space station. secondhandgift worldofhashtag 
polic make arrest in fatal annapoli shoot 
weedsillegalbut not if you smoke up all of the evidence! ☁️
I think you need to wipe your mouth. there' still some bullshit left on it. hilaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
grammi dress I 100% endors maga 
thanksobama for all the elect fraud
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘when you have an effici government, you have a dictatorship’ "
trump is tri to unit our countri while hillari is openli a divid . charlotteriot 
it' okay to live a life other don't understand.
my2017resolut to becom a cat whisper 
modest gain seen for obama' last health care sign-up season 
watch: huma' mother is a promot of sharia law &amp; state usa had 9/11 come to it 
"breaking🚨podestaemails7 reveal dnc plan to fake trump 'assault' scandal all the way back in may!!""summ Z… "
summeramovi I know what you did last weekend
"explos in a St petersburg, russia metro station, casualti report"
thi must be more effect than the whole trump campaign 
"If you think thing can't get ani worse, you just lack suffici imagin quot"
video:chao on the street of london: muslim riot against the police!vot hillari clinton for presid if y… 
polit watch hillari clinton' full speech at the 2016 dnc
cnn IS over! look what trump did moment ago To end wolf blitzer’ career…  
ani thoughts? 
it' better to be slap by the truth than kiss with a lie.
i'v memor them now true love
it' a pitti that such incid are still actual on christma week… rooseveltfield gardenc gardencityshoot
rawlings-blak disagre with mosbi critic of crimin justic system 
driver use cardboard trump head in carpool lane 
"love, i'v come to understand is more than three word mumbl befor bedtim"
"topnew trump, penc to visit flood louisiana as governor warn against 'photo op'"
"all would live long, but none would be old world"
"it' our right, don't let them take it away from you!theteaparti teapartynew interest conserv "
thi freedom act is tottali against us patriotact
can't turn left lostin3word 
donald trump' hollywood walk of fame star wa smash up and is alreadi almost repaired. I wish they were as fast… 
texas' hurd call for trump to step asid as gop nomine 
"someon on twitter: ""you know you'r on the right side of histori when peopl who oppos you burn flags"" "
imalwaysokwith hit a drive thru or eat out at a restaurant.
addabandtoatvshow   twist sister sister
donald trump and hillari clinton clash over terror attack: how will the new york bomb by ahmad khan rahami aff 
wikileak email show democrat staffer suggest caus labor disturb at rnc in cleveland: A labor lead...  cleveland polit
1seriousamerica 16000 peopl now in jacksonvil just for trump! No one bought them! hillari doesn't have support of peopl
I love the view 
carni
rip thi insan ha to stop  prayers4california
vfgh bestätigt enteignung von hitler-hau 
"trump' son delet thi tweet, the idea is still in the famili nevertrump "
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch allen einen angenehmen und sonnigen tag! 
dwiron maiden drunkband midnight
realdonaldtrump can't wait to see you in the WH
lack of understand  reasonstogetdivorc
mybedroomin3word trump free zone
hillari want to pleas everyon but in fact care onli about herself demdebatemiami
"after the bell: stock lower On soft earnings, lower oil &amp; elect fear "
just need to be alon for a while
A list Of peopl who deni melania trump’ rnc speech wa plagiar 
2ndamendmentday show that the govern trust their peopl
"die „fuchsfährte“ ist ein kurzwanderweg in der gemeind finkenstein, konkret in oberaichwald. "
mani in ohio' deleg support gop convent floor fight  news
battleground cuyahoga: take our polit poll; hillari clinton or donald trump?  polit
"polit clinton and kain talk dnc, trump"
"igetdepressedwhen I hear the canadian economi is report a decreas in jobs. come on canada, let' bring thi countri up!"
"well, pretti good car  "
pres. obama speak at convent of disabl american veter...  |  
"sometimesitsokto tell peopl lies. but again, onli sometim "
donald trump is not a republican issu or human issue. He is white peopl issue.thi is where the truth live. blm 
louisiana flood: hillari clinton call gov. john bel edward as donald trump tour  polit
rt: almost half an hour left to grab a brand new make america great again hat for free 
thingspeopleontwitterlik live tweet their favourit shows.
"2017survivaltip someth old, someth new, someth borrowed, someth blue"
valut7 
tension deepen between donald trump and r.n.c.  news |  
vor start der tour de france: islamisten gestoppt 
thingstoknowabouttwitt stoner actual rule twitter but the drunk are such attent whore so....
season of the bitch dogsong midnight
"highschooltaughtm that you don't have to go to high school to get a high school education, and friend are all you'll miss"
"obama' ""moder syrian rebels"" decid to take a selfie, forgot the phone is rig to a bomb. allahu akbar mf "
foxnew hillaryclinton the same special interest that line your pocket lyin' crook hillari imnotwithh
trump is scare the establish becaus all I see in msm is hate... hillaryforprison2016 infowars… 
- cyndi lauper - girl just want To have fun  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
Is trump ahead of or behind clinton? he’ claim both.  polit
watch &amp; rt: louisianaflood victim tear tell how he appreci trump' visit.whereshillari 
gop lawmaker: fbi gave immun to top clinton aid 
whole lotta rosari makemusicreligi
superduperhoopr even if you are be self-iron here just imagin a liber read your comment 😂 trigger
christmasaftermath my dog is not satisfi with her present
I wish 'you dumbass' wa an appropri way to wnd a work email
desir is irrelevant...
A candl in the windmil earthdaysong midnight
iamonfir new tattoo spell fail that have me shake my head . . . and loling!
RT thi pic to make liber mad! 
there' no bedroom mybedroomin3word play our new game friendstheone. have fun with it!
stopislam If we can't get a guarante that none of these refuge are terrorist then we shouldn't take them. islamkil
elizabeth warren cluck like a chick while mock trump
... 
amasing! 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm run. get out.
just becaus you apolog doesn't mean everyth is magic fixed. -_ – dailyteen
donald trump attack muslim father' convent speech  polit
dnc speech day 4: cnn vet the claim  polit
thi is trump beat the mainstream media maga  trumpforpresid
winterizedfilmsoractor snowpocalips now
medialiesagain 
"midnight"""
"iamthankfulfor myles. for be the positive, creativ and inspir person he is!"
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch von herzen einen wunderbaren tag 😘 
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
drag me to hall makeahorrorfilmlessscari
In the name of thi father thi son thi holi spirit... rulesforeverydayliv 
joannawuv143 bakedalaska periscopeco she nasti hombr trumpforpresid
dogsong midnight sweet bone alabama
"video: retir usarmi lt. col. loui dorfman said he wa ""proud"" to give realdonaldtrump hi purpl heart. "
trumpbecaus all immigr must be legal! 👸🏿
RT if you'r awak right now and can't sleep!
".olivernorthfnc: ""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" "
fsa receiv US humve to fight isi north of aleppo 
man muss öfter die frauen freuen! und da wird die flügel verleihen!  makehersmilefromrussiawithlove… 
buileshuibhn hello! I think I got someth for you. wada is hide something. Is thi a case for investigation? 
🚨leak hillari campaign email show robert creamer discuss plan to send agit &amp; incit violenc at trump r… 
islamkil liter all refuge are terrorist brussel
"colleg girl accident send nude photo To her father, hi reaction Is priceless! here' how not to sext!"
tunisian terrorist left hi passport in the truck
weirdthingstobuyonlin yourself.....nobodi els want me...bastard
today is the perfect day to remind you how muslim treat dogs!watch &amp; RT to spread the ugli truth! nationaldogday 
the donald trump campaign ha open 15 field offic throughout ohio  polit
I came in like a canniballllllll songshannibalwoulds 
"okay, I lost my mind, it' somewher out there strand"
"how could lebron jame help hillari clinton in ohio, where she is losing?  polit"
showtim eye stephencolbert live special for election2016 night 
your vote for hillari will becom a one-way ticket to hell. 
music is everybody' possession. it' onli publish who think that peopl own it.
four in a row! rnh_93 just domin the oiler accuraci shoot competition. 
die situat rund um die krim ist da spiel von einflußreichen politiker. die deutschen und russen sind in diesem spiel nur schachfiguren
"mcginty, toomey clash repeatedli in final debat in u.s. senat race "
when govt not even tryin to protect u!! shame on it! phosphoru is alreadi in our fresh water stores!!! phosphorusdisast
hillari ha more secur on her book tour then she provid to our diplomat in benghazi 
fbi agent knew of clinton-rel email week befor director wa brief 
"fox news: hillaryclinton' team paid $700,000 to influenc the fbi investig against her.hillaryindict "
"her arm are wicked, and her leg are long  america"
iamthankfulfor my life. be abl to live is a bless
"sorri but, i'm A vegan cancelplansin5word"
whi can`t I be beauti like kate moss…
"bottom line is, you the finest gave you a new name (what that, what that?) My bitch  – big sean"
sometimesitsokto binge-watch 2 season of brooklyn99 in a singl day 
"By ban nero and other conserv account twitter offici endors hillary! Am I right, jack? freemilo "
"frankli my dear, I don't give a flan. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
whenc come I and whither go I? that is the great unfathom question. scienc ha no answer to it.
she' not accept of my obsess for albino midget pornographi reasonstogetdivorc
where donald trump stand on gun control  news |  
thingsthatshouldbecensor polic
i'm make facebook photo album from my digit camera. midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
the greatest discoveri of ani gener is that a human can alter hi life by alter hi attitude.  – william jame
live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever.  – mahatma gandhi
clinton scrambl to head off fallout from brutal weekend 
ricki martin is the most handsom man 
A real girl isn't perfect and a perfect girl isn't real.
termin 2:independ day:resurg addamovieruinamovi
"It doesn't come as a result of get something, eurica!"
veri niiiiice! 
"peopl who onli contact you when they need someth from you are just acquaintances, not friends."
gari johnson predict demis of gop  
kvictoria1103 lol
nought to do with me. protestpoetri blacklivesmatt poetri originalpoetri 
hillari get million from countri that enslav women!deb debatenight 
5 arrest amid trump protest in downtown chicago  
did melania trump' speech steal part of michel obama' 2008 convent speech?
demdeb damndeb 
"makemusicreligi I can feel it come in the prayer tonight, oh lord"
"the americanfalls, fort hall and aberdeen are now contamin with phosphorus! phosphorusdisast"
spread thi amaz pic to piss off liberals😏 
"I refus to ""scrimshaw"" you.  cancelplansin5word"
the hayward fault In our star californiamovi
when' the last time a person with a disabl wa nomin for an award? oscarhasnocolor oscar
I can't comment on it ani more. such shoot are limp-dicks' condit rooseveltfieldmal gardencityshoot
"hillari support threat and intimid gay coupl who support trump. where are you now, dumb-ass sjws?… "
... 
schwarzerkater5 die letzten jahre...
pastor dscott: “trump doe speak realist and he doesn’t seem to be pandering…to get the black vote. 
hillari want to becom not a presid but a queen demdebatemiami
"polit obama: clinton more qualifi than me, bill to Be presid"
watch a pussi attack an umpah lumpah is a  betteralternativetodeb
what a gloriou day. the left is have a complet meltdown. almost as good as on elect night! trumpinaugur lincolnm…
tulsa counti polic left paralyz elliottwilliam lie on the floor for 5 day befor he die in hi cellbtp 
"donald trump jr. doesn't copi melania speech debacle: darci cartoon: trump may think barack obama is weak, but a...  cleveland polit"
"islamkil what do you think, is it a religi thing, or terror doesn't have anyth to do with religion? stopislam"
igetalittleweirdabout ppl insult god almighti or realdonaldtrump
that wa cool 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A quadripleg tattoo artist
"rickspark Oh yeah, i'm so lame. anyth else? 😆😆😆"
foxnew that' how debat at primari went. dnc want as less as possibl coverag to keep peopl ignor
folk enjoy thi short speech:  tcot tlot tpot 2A gun patriot pjnet 4
reasonsiaintinarelationship all the ladi i meet love me like a brother
leak email show tension insid clinton inner circl  news
somedayidliketose you explain thi to our kids.
I get up everi day with thi question in my mind 😔 blacklivesmatt 
where I sleep.   mybedroomin3word
reports: n.y. AG think trump foundat is an undocu chariti  
scprimari nhpolit nhprimari tcot tlot ccot teaparti trump trump2016 gop pjnet ycot 
breaking: donald trump just announc the biggest surpris of all!  
"kelontr D. barefield, the man who shot polic dog jethro get 45 year in prison "
"tension eas as duterte, obama chat briefli befor leaders' dinner  news"
join us! 
"hillari clinton, you’r go to prison!"
"crowd chant ""black live matter"" as mothersofthemov take the stagedemsinphilli "
"amaz video: ""I use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out"" "
ilove__butihate__         twitter      facebook
live updat from the republican nation convent in cleveland  local
break video : the meet between president-elect trump and obama  
secondhandgift a plagiaris tweet. 
s_nakhon I thought it is a pumpkin 🤔
"mfore0142 holesinthefoam they didn't do it in the name of christ, ffs!"
"freak awesom I wonder how much it cost probabl 60,000 or more "
hillari clinton take money from saudi so she continu to ruin middl east and weaken america indicthillari 
"realtonybow whi is that, I wonder? mayb it' becaus cnn is a clinton lap dog? no, can't be!"
If we can't get a guarante that none of these refuge are terrorist then we shouldn't take them. islamkil
"hahaha! thi is priceless! how' it going, your majesty?😂😂😂 presidenttrump "
"blacklivesmatt &amp; kkk both racist hate groups, both creation of democrat party.batonrougerncincl "
and here' a pamphlet hillari use in '08best friend foreverbirtherismhrcoriginalbirth 
"noth new about hillary, same s*it demdebatemiami "
georg soro who sent instruct via hillarysemail on how to organis riot - is now hillary' top donor at $13m 
that she peel off usa imho
provigil is a pick-me-up drug hillari seem to be realli interest in hillaryhealth 
"On battl milit islam, neither trump nor clinton ha a clue: kevin o'brien  polit"
humoritarian _billy_moyer_ the lion?
morn spin: quigley worri chicago sanctuari citi rule imperil feder fund und...  
trump on clinton: ‘hillari Is not the victim’  polit
rejectedtrumptvshow who want to be a fake milionair
americanhistoryisblack nobodi can stop us from glorifi our black
"louisiana gop reject censur of dardenne, angel for not endors vitter  news"
2 day until the election.. pleas be pray for donald trump &amp; the futur of our country!watch thi befor votin… 
clinton lead trump 49%-44% in cnn/orc poll; johnson fall back  polit
"obama pass baton to clinton, implor nation to elect her  polit"
I don't want europe' today becom american tomorrow wakeupamerica hillaryforprison 
thingsnottaughtatschool make up class 
biden on clinton vs. trump: 'I don't think it' go to be close': fresh off hi speech at the democrat co... 
"so, she say we'r fight isis, but she' silent about whi we'r not fight those who fund them. whi is that?… "
dumberbroadway incoher-r 
the montreal exhibitionist  sexysport midnight
ryan gosl and hi kisses.... 
pence: time TO 'come together' VP pick make impromptu appeal for anti-trump deleg to ‘get to work’:  
toavoidworki pretend to be an alcohol
makemusicreligi take a hook at Me now 
how can we trust a woman who can't even handl two e-mail at once? hillaryclintontreason teapartynew 
ilove__butihate__ I love your panti but I hate your dirti hamper.
the constitut is sacr for americans. how long are we go to toler it? teaparti 
"« where fear is, happi is not. » seneca"
"clinton, trump scrap plan to visit charlott after mayor' plea  polit"
" yeah, man)))"
clever_dov for the fat peopl 😂
phoenix mayor: polic readi for trump protest 
full hous tonight for donald trump ralli in laconia! 
you'r not realli get it are you. how mani of these male 'refugees' are terrorists? 1? 1000? 10000? islamkil
"sorry, a hashtag just dropped.  cancelplansin5word"
hillaryforpris hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
current trap insid of myself  cancelplansin5word
trump open a new hotel in DC 
reason 
islam gehört zu deutschland merkelmussbleiben
just sayingtrump2016 neverhillari 
sport world react to suprem court gay marriag rule  sport
and who will sponsor the refugees? our countri ha a huge debt alreadi islamkil
exclusive: clinton say it' 'fair' for voter to have question of trust; slam 'caricature' portray in 'f... 
tofeelbetteri have deput my dog to solv the middl east imbroglio
republican at rncincle: vote for clinton is a third term for obama 
obama: “I made clear that america is not – and never will be – at war with islam.”of course.. they bribe you! 
cherrylemonaad don't sleep on uber. staywok
ga station sushi  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
"ein hubschraub mit zwei deutschen soldaten an bord ist über mali abgestürzt hoffe, sie bleiben gesund und munter!"
act your age not your shoe size....   mynewcatchphrasei
clinton maintain 6-point buffer against trump: poll  polit
it is essenti that the whole bodi of the peopl alway possess arm and be taught alik how to use them  guns4ni
"trump: ""[hrc] would rather provid a job to a refugee...than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
the best news ever!tcot pjnet 
polic say at least 108 peopl kill after the 7.9 magnitud earthquak in nepal. all my prayer to them
realdonaldtrump latino &amp; black for trump! the best way to piss liber off is to show thi pic!tri it! 👍 
"realdonaldtrump robert gate is ""beyond repair"" himself."
the six million dollar manur cowtv midnight
you don't want to hear it
"and he tri to sue the justic depart for defamation, seek $100 million in damages! think befor voting... "
stopislam islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
donald trump say the rust belt is 'rotting': ohio polit roundup: donald trump sling some rust belt wisdom w...  cleveland polit
i'm scare for the elect omg... trump2016 hillaryrottenclinton trumpforpresid
some ppl need drug to recoveri junkieu
trumpbecaus winnerswin thi is just obviou - trump is our next presid
thi girl ha a veri import msg for hillari &amp; bill clinton!pleas help her to spread the word!… 
"obama will veto saudi 9/11 legislation, invit an overrid  polit"
I didn`t know about it! 
😈😈 devil plan
"By the way, ohio state univers is a “gun free zone”it'd rather be ""refuge free zone"" "
A photo of donald trump made from a collag of sjw cri over donald trump' win 
"ilove__butihate__ you, you"
preacher stonedcomicbook midnight
oh and Ur in a posit to judg me because? two face bitch!
"⚡️ ""tension between the US &amp; russia grow over syria"""
volker_beck und diesmal? 🤔 merkelmussbleiben
margret sanger' nazi-lik eugen plannedparenthood 
it' nottoolateto jump on trumptrain! join us at rncincl 
jess william destroy melania trump On twitter 
forget the world
edmonton oli Up sexysport midnight
"she' amazing, agree?fight for what is right and never give up! youth4trump makeamericagreatagain "
what obama realli think about crook hillaryclinton 
billi graham' granddaught cissieglynch say she is unapologet vote for donald trumpsmart girl vote tr… 
"chicago blacks: ""obama will go down as the worst presid ever""hillari would be anoth 4 year of obama""miche… "
ayott goe local dure summer of trump: the gop senat is on a mission to talk to as mani new hampshir vo... 
our govern is definit afraid of the isis! that` whi they are keep quiet about the texa shooting! isisingarland
10 way donald trump give hillari clinton an open by re-u...  |  
thingsthatshouldbecensor weird moustach 
toneport worldofhashtag probabletrumpstweet the improv are so bigly! we'r winning! told you you would be sa…
krueger: trump’ view of u.s. economi out of touch with realiti  polit
"stacylang hi, stacy! our commun is hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'd like to cover it, ple… "
liber will be liber 
"stopislam even if it were proven these ""refugees"" are terrorists, the libprog would still want them to be ship in. islamkil"
"realdonaldtrump bwaaaaahaaa deniro call you a ""bozo"" "
We have an immigr crisi but the gov't want to increas the inflow of crimin instead of close the border 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you support crimin to lead our government. 
We need fight the terror to fight the terrorism! but not track phone call to fight the terrorism( patriotact
soooooooooo ihatepokemongobecaus 
".julieroginsky: ""what scare democrat more than anyth els - and should - is donald trump."" "
my2017biggesthop to be happi regardless
"inkofsquid that hashtag, lol. veri matur"
"hahahah,,, ny one! "
down a glass of wine.  otherthingstodoin6second
clinton' link to muslim brotherhood are undoubtful.  democrat candid is a killer. hillaryforprison2016 
handybal sexysport midnight
gop declar mike penc “clear winner” of VP debat befor it start  news
here' how the hillari clinton campaign is size up ohio after the first week of earli vote  polit
the right of the peopl to keep and bear arm shall not be infring   gardencityshoot
two and a half mermen fishtv midnight
thi show how helpless we are!!! I wish it never happened! never!!!! phosphorusdisast
g'day Of our live maketvshowsaustralian midnight
votetrump maga electionday draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
breaking: clinton white hous data stolen from nation archiv 
she play with your feel just becaus you lie to her that she wa beauti reasonsiaintinarelationship
official: No formal secret servic discuss with trump c...  |  
"""freedom and justic cannot be parcel out in piec to suit polit convenience.""— coretta scott king "
"arizona' gop, democrat deleg are brought to you by ...  polit"
annogalact happi new year!
We will rememb everi rescuer who die in honor. We will rememb everi famili that live in griefneverforget 🇺🇸 
US deploy new forc to iraq to boost fight against islam state
dank unser polizei! 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
"boycottthanksgiv…"""
"jeder anschlag ist schon schlimm, egal von wem er ausgeübt wird! finsburypark"
breaking! more extens broward counti voter fraud report By elect worker! 
texasbaseballma and that' the problem
just watch and listen....  thingstodoinawaitingroom
ihaveadreamthat poor baudelair kid will get their happi end 
"donald trump: ""american want a secur border and to stop the flow of drugs.""roastandrid "
mexico meeting:donald trump will Be A great president!trumpenmexicotrumpsmexicotripsay 
"icantbeurfriendbecaus you talk crap about your other ""friends"""
actual it' illeg to use person email for thi purpos whatclintonwrit
No screen process of afghani forc 30 seal team6 kill  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
mosqu and flat storm by 800 austrian polic in anti-terror raid that' the result of refugeeswelcom polici 
totjr1 thank for share
mr. eastwood stand for the second amend and cut the feder government. 2A 
trump: clinton' syria polici would bring world war 3 
« charact may almost be call the most effect mean of persuasion. » aristotl
"don't let me down, U made some promis"
how thing chang when the shoe is on the other foot 
"tcot 2A nra norefugeeswelcome"""
proof that trump support are be under-sampl in polls. p11 of the latest fox new poll. thursdaythought 
dig the whole damn thing up: bratton plan to save time squar
trumpbecaus I want to have an honest presid 🌞
trumpbecaus strong relationship are the key 😃😂😅
brussel how can obama claim all the refuge are peac after what happen in paris? islamkil
No one can touch your dreams. your dream are real.
clever_dov I do
richmondvoic hope he get what he deserv
SB 1070 author join trump immigr transit team  
"dnc 2016 (07/25/16): what time it starts, channels, live stream, speaker schedule, berni sanders, michel obama speech"
love play the trump card! 
stop 🖐🏻hillari votetrump 
welcom to elect 2016: american are easier to believ in  hillarysbodydoubl than to hillari clinton herself 👏 👏 👏
1. don't fill up befor dinner 2. pretend to care when other show up 3. use nfl as an excus to not help out survivalguidetothanksgiv
detect a voter fraud? tell us about it! call 888-486-8102 or take photo/video and send it to us.electionday… 
"obama' america: soro order attack riots, crazi mob burn the US flag and crybabi on twitter whine: ""amer… "
stop it! minneapolisunrest
he' got hi nobel peac prize tho trump2016 
2016electionin3word rampant voter fraud
"here` the thing about mistakes.sometimes, even when you know something` a mistake,y gotta make it anyway"
trump’ campaign spend at half the rate of clinton’  news
mayb it' time to tri someth new?demsinphillydemconvent 
topvideo I have noth to say about wikileaks: clinton 
"pere funeral, attend by obama, briefli bring israeli, palestinian leader togeth  world news"
ihaveadreamthat someday I will have a minut to talk about our lord and savior 
persian of interest midnight cattv
topnew trump' refus to back hous speaker anger republican parti chief
"I just read the news and panicked!!! god, help us! nobodi know what` go on phosphorusdisast"
I ain't more than a minut away from walk
"trump in phoenix, az: ‘restor honesti to our govern and the rule of law to our societi will be a prioriti o… "
y'all got a problem w/ a black artist defil a so-cal white genre? countri music ha black roots.cma… 
iknewweweredoom when they stop teach cursiv in school.
pro-putin parti win russian parliamentari elect  world news
"« for the bureaucrat, the world is a mere object to be manipul by him. » karl marx"
"badminton. bad, bad minton. sexysport midnight"
realdonaldtrump unlik hillari trump is a man who listen &amp; want to bring true chang for the black community! 
"e-mail-leak - powel bezeichnet trump al ""national schande""  "
gameofthron melisandre: men never... tvquot quot quot nathalieemmanuel tvshow
"emmi 2016: 'game of thrones,' 'veep' and anti-trump jab domin "
A giant snake on your table. thingsyoucantignor 
deeppool summeramovi midnight
dnc sorri after campaign bu dump sewag  news
feminist from women' march on their way to help find missingdcgirl 
keep it up lowlifes. you'r just show the world whi trump won. 
trump gear galore: what you can buy at the 2016 rnc
have that father/son talk 🐝 
that' non of their busi where will the famili spend the money! 
"""runway To hell"
the eck file athleticstvshow
china put advanc missil on disput southeast asian island tcot pjnet gop 
realdonaldtrump pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
"""the problem is you talk, but you don't get anyth done, hillary."" ~ donald trump debat debatenight"
„für ein million flüchtling geben wir 30 milliarden euro aus“
igetdepressedwhen my jean are too tight.     who shrunk them? 
indiana jone and the templ of june summeramovi midnight
when you want to justifi your violenc reasonstoprotest 
"die leute, die die afd wählen, sind einfach krank merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
"MT lstevensonshow: pray everywhere, often, openli and always!  supportcoachkennedi pjnet"
saturday night dive fishtv
insteadofwatchingthebiggam I have fun on twitter with my friend
trump face fresh gop pushback despit bid to reset campaign  busi
"heikomaa sehr geehrter herr maas, würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
breaking: trump just won everi black vote in america with thi new declaration!  
uncl big buck  richmovi midnight
hear for fear retireasongorband
kmarval whatev you say
mahatma gandhi said you must be the chang you wish to see in the world.
A need a damn sandwich right now!
As a man thinketh in hi heart so is he.. you are what you think rulesforeverydayliv
istartcryingwhen I think of what zack snyder did to superman.
welcom to 2017firstdayofspr 
malcolm xhamster midnight dickflick
crispr Is get better. now It '  s time to ask the hard ethic question
palestinian flag at dncconvent but where at least one US flag??🤔 
🚨watch: msnbc admit 👉 hrcoriginalbirther🔥🔥birther 
germani in 2016 is like 
ban all muslims. No doubt. Go reps! vegasgopdeb
histori made! first crimin nomine of a major parti in the nation' histori hillari clinton! dncinphl 
"hillari clinton to announc VP pick friday, sourc say  polit"
bitch ain't shit dogsong midnight
mitch landrieu: donald trump doesn't grasp urban issu in america 
band of ballhair onewordoffbook midnight hardwick
We need patriot &amp; veteran to stand up for america! makeamericagreatagainveteransfortrump 
viewer guide: can presid obama top hi wife in philly?  |  
none are so old as those who have outliv enthusiasm.  – henri david thoreau
"for bill clinton, hit trump' foundat is 'personal'  polit"
you can set your mind at eas dumb
can’t they see themselves? 
stud_man_28 amhstguru evan_mcmullin teammcmullin matthew24672973 trump2k16 trumpforpresid
pokejew gotta catch'em all addcartoonstohistori midnight
🚨alert🚨twitt censor conserv post &amp; peopl can't RT us! 
По результатам опроса клинтон обошла трампа в гонке за один из ключевых штатов(флорида) 
RT if you also think that trump is the most pro-veteran candidate! 
sheriff clarke: 'black american are be 'hoodwinked' by democrats' 
howtoloseyourjob make one phone call 
obamanextjob advisor. Or a pimp name slickback. 
"If you are go to commit arm robbery, the last thing on your mind concern is violat some gun-control 2A nra  prayers4california"
thanksobama for the most poison legaci of ani potus. 
🚨spread itilleg immigr activist who critic trump' comment about mexican rapist ha been charg w/ rape 
are you sure you'r legal? makesexawkwardin5word
realli coool!!! 
"guns4ni becaus if the govern tri to make the gun illegal, it would be start a war it can not win"
"christmasbreakupexcusesit' too cold outside, we need a break"
"tennesse gopten_goptrump: ""hillari clinton and the democrat have done a terribl job for african-americans.” "
obama look crack out...hop for what? same old? that ain't hope. 
isi is expand it border and if we don't act now it might be too lategoodnightisi
wanna march for trump but can't find mate in your location? just suggest a ralli and we'll help! marchfortrump 
sie hat kosovo unterstützt merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
gopdeb you know that  i'd like to see a republican parti that embrac a lot of the libertarian idea vegasgopdeb
.tedcruz: these idiot riot in the street are the same peopl who demand trump accept the result of the electio…
donald trump: A look at hi career and 2016 campaign  news | 
elect commission class set in st. charl parish  polit
SA babe are damn beautiful. i'm chang my citizenship...i'm satafrican now
"llesdreytsich ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
jacksoncitypost what a sick person could do that?
the latest: clinton visit iowa as earli vote begin 
clinton respond to kansa bomb plot  news
"worstwaystoapolog sorry, not sorry!"
it' also mondaymotiv 
rejecteddebatetop peopl who couldm be still aliv but they don't becaus of hillari clinton 
kain tie penc to controversi NC bathroom bill  polit
teaparti beyonc 
thi Is insane!if hillari win illeg will flood into texa with hope Of amnestyw must secur our borders! 
"It doesn't look like religion of peace, right? islamistheproblem "
when my so elijah wa born  andthatswhenistartedcri
cnn report stun when fact checker confirm hillary' phone were destroy with hammers. hillary4prison 
breaking🚨 wikileak prove obamaknew that hillari clinton wa use a privat email server but he lie to all of u… 
"here goe our last chanc to save america, the beautiful. trumpforpresid"
"mental tough can take you to the top, and mental weak straight to the bottom. -john schiefer"
cnn censor t-shirt of hero who save babi from hot car. cnn - democat propaganda tool trumpenmexico 
imalwaysokwith  refer to monti python and the holi grail
dank merkel haben wir handlungsfähigkeit von EU gestärkt. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
maketvsexi worldwid panti
trumpbecaus he tell us the truth
putin say u.s. 'hysteria' over russia is elect ploy  world news
latest clinton email dump: huma abedin voic concern for hillary’ health hillarysemail
"naacp: trump, clinton need black support to win presid  polit"
gov. haley acknowledg report of state agenc link to ashley madison
"""ein enorm wandel der politischen rhetorik"" merkel cdu "
kentucky' coach get hype after massiv hit😵 stow 
the second amend recogn a natur right that alreadi exists. It grant no right 2A tcot  prayers4california
unfortun the rash ha spread.... cancelplansin5word tagbattleroyal
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
 pjnet
riggedelect electionday hillaryforprison2016 jillnothil  trumpforpresid
rtifyouar welcom refuge to be forc in their cultur and religion onli not to be label as racist
retir gener call trump' isi order 'sophomoric'  polit
unabl to answer on the advic of legal counsel  unlikelymagic8ballansw
"highschooltaughtm not to go near snakes, especi if they'r ugly.. So whi do you think I stay away from hillaryclinton ....!"
songshannibalwoulds  stuck In the marinad with you
"david clark ha A few word about black can No longer claim victim status, except for one situation..rncincl "
elev fart mustbeban
"A man can't soar too high, when he fli with hi own wings.  – william blake"
If onli obama want to destroy isi instead of promot it 
"trump releas TV ad hit clinton on ""deplorables"" re...  news |  "
"wake up, brother and sisters! ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 "
трампу пришлось свернуть свою кампанию по сбору средств в нью-йорке 
updates: 2016 brevard primari elect result  local |  
nocybercensorship and interestingli he is simpli exercis hi freedomofspeech against those who dont even hv
your parent are alway right. listen to them and save yourself a lot of trouble. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
4wordgreatidea peanut butter jelli sandwich
what IS wrong with peopl 
arizona republ back hillari clinton for presid 
"We should never forget all hillary' ""accomplishments"". her place is in prison, not at the wh!rt if you agree! "
donald trump’ georgia chief resign after report on hi crimin record  break
"gopdeb Of course,  please, god, let thi honor gentlemen take leadership of our countri vegasgopdeb"
trump trigger new round of gop jitter 
"republican tell trump to quit, billionair vow to press on "
"donald trump retract 9/11 comment, post lengthi tribut  break"
hungri to for a game 🏈
thi is the futur we cancel in the US trumppresid 
liberallog at it best 
hillaryclinton thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!msm will never show you this! 
"clinton, trump to meet separ with israel PM netanyahu "
slaveryofspeech health insur wa just a beauti fairytale!
happi internationalwomensday 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to cover your fart
my2017biggesthop i'll play even more hashtag game 
2016electionin3word end of US
politicalfood lincoln chees log
illinoi dem react to clinton’ pneumonia diagnosi 
obama urg dem to campaign aggress for clinton 
bestusatoday it' so freakin weird
topvideo obama give shout out to the america 
muslimsreportstuff and sin and tragedi
13-jährige stirbt nach badeunfal in der ostse  via sternd
bad offici are elect by good citizen who do not vote.
. realdonaldtrump not accord to your gal corrupthillari her campaign even up the anti toward elect day trumpforpresid
"fräulein eucollapseblog, friendiyfascist. pl instruct tcot ccot in your camp not to vote 4 darklord-endorsed: "
think deep. dream big. act bold. fail first. cri less. tri more. well done.
show thi To all liberals!😏african american will vote ☑for trump 
everi chanc is an opportun edq morningquot
elizabeth warren said 'I wish trump would just disappear' then run into her safe space where she is nativ american 
"topnew republican rift widen as trump declin to endors ryan, mccain"
"dr. ben carson: ""if we'r will to accept hillari clinton' level of dishonesti in our leader we'r doomed.""… "
all by myself. valentinesdayin3word
girl in germani (munich) in 2015have noth to add.. 
trump: clinton rush to announc VP to distract from success gop convention: hillari clinton plan to an... 
thi will be marvel' first big flop 
trump postpon immigr speech  polit
happybirthdayharrytruman are you be the chang you want to see in your world? 
louisiana congression clout will take anoth hit thi elect  news
foke photograph alison jackson set up spoof trump campaign ralli in nyc  foke
"""us-justizminist session bot offenbar rücktritt an"" rücktritt von trump wäre allen lieber.. "
what wa her crime?sh went outsid without escortsh wa help to clean the hous and accident step out… 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm life doesn't get ani better and bush won't seem as bad onc the next guy get elected. 
realdonaldtrump maga make america great again.  thank psysamurai33317! trumpforpresid 
white guy wa a racist if he kill 9 black in south carolina! realli sorry! hatecrim
merkel sorgt für die zukunft deutschland merkelmussbleiben
"berni sanders, elizabeth warren team up sunday to pitch clinton to progress  polit"
"time is what we want most, but what we use worst.  – william penn"
'if we want to remain a free and open societi we have to control our borders.' - realdonaldtrump 
'we cannot afford for clinton to be president.' ~ geert wilder 
RT if you are also look forward to a presid that care about our cops!rncincl batonrougealllivesmatt 
2 women brutal rape in a taxi in migrant in swedenrefugeeswelcom 
"'I prefer donald trump' platform for our community. He can put america back to work, back to church, back to schoo… "
christie: trump video comment were 'complet indefensible' 
it' too big worstpaineverin3word
"obama hope militari members, nation anthem protest will consid each others' pain  "
thanksobama for clarifi that islam is the 'religion of peace' 
.midnight more fun than the rnc comicconin5word
I wish you were here to fix the situat in our country! happi birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
"congression redistrict plan would end gerrymand in ohio, sponsor say: sens. frank larose, a copley re...  C…"
obamalegaci A vice presid tri to convinc american civil right are not worth care about 
let' be clear: most of hillari foundat donor are muslims!debatenight debates2016 
"AZ memo: purcel face upset; trump, mexico presid to meet befor phoenix speech; plus, valley weather and... "
"Go to sleep at a reason hour, or keep watch game of throne myrashdecis"
i’m actual a realli nice person… until you annoy me
japanamovi midnight   that thing judo
EU ist noch ganz jung wesen und merkel sieht viel mehr al wir merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"thi is our time down here!  ~mikey, the gooni overheardatthewishingwel"
chelsea 
itsriskyto let someon borrow your dildo
make america great again my4wordnewyearsresolut
reasonstoprotest too much your baby’ photo on my feed
diddly-wink  sexysport midnight
"ex-michigan gov. granholm rip donald trump, gop with blister ode  news"
so sweet littl boy 
mad abutt you maketvsexi
how scalia and ted cruz save the 2nd amend  pjnet tcot ccot 
"anamerican_girl thank you too, beauty! god bless you!"
"obama say UN weapon inspector ""will have access when necessary, where necessary"" in iran. ""that arrang is permane…"
"great video=&gt; st. loui sister for trump slam crookedhillary: “she’ lying, steal and killing!”black for tr… "
it' a cute 
"hope, they need to ask the candid about realli seriou issu vegasgopdeb"
sometimestwittermakesm say thing in 140 charact or less.
hand of elect day glitch in maricopa co. 
donald trump take the stage to introduc 👉first ladi of the unit state melania trump👈! rncincl trump2016 
dogsong midnight don't stop retrieving!
weedsillegalbut I can still go trip on salvia for 10-20 minutes! Oh the thing i'v seen...
taxa chainsaw massacr at the OK corral. addamovieruinamovi midnight
donald trump taunt 'disgusting' former miss univers alicia machado 
foke obama vow to send peopl to mar by the 2030  foke
love me harder &lt;3  love me harder &lt;3
idfg what` your opinion about phosphoru leakag from the simplot plant in the american falls?!
"hrc will pander to ani group, ani time, anywhere. she lack character, integr and values. tcot ccot gop "
thought and prayer go out to the victim of today' tragedi prayforsanbernadino sanbernadino  prayers4california
make iggi azalea' butt great again  thefirst100daystodolist 
hillari clinton' health an issu after she stumbl away from 9/11 memori ceremoni  polit
don't be use by politician who haven't been there for you or those who show up when it elect year. 
tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight what the hell is a tweet and whi can't my flip phone do it?
"we'll make the rule up as we go along, and break them all if we'r not havin' fun"
everi man ha hi break point.
donald trump to stop in fredericksburg saturday 
we'll be count star usa imho RT
man kritisiert merkel stark aber keiner redet von den erfolgen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"she' pregnant &amp; black, they'r cop -- you know how thi end "
the univers is a dream dream by a singl dreamer where all the dream charact dream too. -arthur schopenhau
tell me what you'r gonna do to help the middl class? demdeb demndeb
and now you can critic your potu without be accus of racism potuslasttweet
"leo, get prepared… oscarhasnocolor oscar"
"""maketvshowscanadian"
toavoidworki slap my boss. 
poroshenko s the presid and he sent hi soldier to kill the civilian worldwakeupukrainekillsitself
"peopl don’t like rude people, so peopl are rude in return. break the cycl"
really?sarahsilverman call berni support ridicul for refus to accept corruptiondemsinphilli dncleak 
hillari plagiar melania' dress color?!👇hmm🤔 where is the media outcry?demconvent 
"""accord to pew, there are 24 million voter registr in the unit state that are either invalid or signifi… "
it' 2016 and not draw someth is consid to be hateful. perfect! 👏👏👏 
"demdeb I bet they all are gonna promis to reduc nation debt, onli to increas by the end of their presid dem…"
antraviousp hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump hillari clinton exploit mother of dead black men. get rid off your blind zone
trumpbecaus he know the solut to our country’ issu trumpforpresid ☺️☺️☺️
western cloth provok muslims? deport these rapefuge then!!banislamwakeupamerica 
MT crosswindlive: after sanbernadino shoot our sick gov't want to confisc our guns.  2A nra pjnet
paolakinck we'd better get rid of establish
drive-ry trucker midnight drunkband
latino for trump founder warn of 'taco truck on everi co...  |  
your world is a live express of how you are use and have use your mind
latino &amp; black stand w/ trump!deb 
don't make excus for whi you can't get it done. focu on all the reason whi you must make it happen.
eclipc 
bonjour! 
I got pizza
"i'm go to smile like noth is wrong, talk like everyth is perfect, act like it' all a dream, and pretend like it' not hurt me."
"there are three thing you can endlessli look at: water, fire and the rise of confederateflag "
last man-o-war stand fishtv midnight
politweec frank gifford wa a great man🙏
topvideo bill clinton critic divis of trump campaign 
"ihaveadreamthat someday, somewhere, someon will pay me for play hashtag game"
look how wide and clean the aisl are.  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
leak colin powel email show loath for trump 
holocaust survivor testimonies: select in auschwitz 
realdonaldtrump trail hillaryclinton by a narrow margin: clinton lead by less than 3 point 
sign point to russia in dnc hack  polit |  
the best! mike tyson!! 
clinton campaign chair: trump' rnc 2016 speech 'prejudic and paranoia'
latino for trump founder warn of 'taco truck on everi corner'  break
bundesregierung verbietet auftritt von erdogan in deutschland. da ist die richtig entscheidung!
candid for baltimor mayor debat in first gener elect forum 
Do you agre with ingrahamangle?clickbaittheelect 
israel ist unser freund! merkelmussbleiben
"""rotten twitter suspend my account 4 three days.  don't they know that I made that illegal? will be su next week"
"thanksobama obama ha let out of jail more criminals, more traitors, and more terrorist, than all other u.s. presi… "
hillaryclinton you are liar!
the latest: gop senat ad acknowledg clinton like to win 
"reagan got shot in the chest and suffer a collaps lung, and he still need less help than hillari "
massachusett deleg prepar to depart for dnc  polit
"ye wake the fuck up, it' alreadi here antipolicebrutalityday"
nocybercensorship without free speech on the internet we would turn into a polic state 
 surrealist but fun!
islamkil congressman say it' hard to determin if refuge are terrorist  brussel
blacklivesmatt thug brutal attack 71-year-old trump support for do this— 
amend your way and your doings.
ihatepokemongobecaus they keep patch my hax.
electionday elections2016 electionnight vote2016 hillari corrupthillari  trumpforpresid
MT jareddayaz: one of the few time we'll hear obama say 'god bless'. ccot rebootliberti  wakeupamerica pjnet
reasonstoprotest my phone batteri is almost done
teach your kid gun safeti after wikileak tell you all about “chees pizza”pizzag 
father who lost muslim son in iraq berat trump from mosqu 
somedayidliketose flight of the conchord season 3. 
thingsyoucantignor jessica rabbit. 
"crime rate is alreadi high enough in our country, we must stop the gun violenc nogunsforcrimin"
stopislam islamkil sender mine tanker ned til belgia og brussel nå. prayforbrussel
If blacklivesmatt were fight crimin instead of cop there wouldn't be reason for riot 
happybirthdaymalcolmx nobodi but you can give you freedom 
"MT prdblckrpblican: SC here I come! let' welcom the next potus, ted cruz!  cruzcrew pjnet"
 betsey johnson toddler girl 3-pc. jacket set whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
when histori class wa taught in public school  all american knew thi as fact pjnet gop gohconserv 
babi mop  secondhandgift 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
you better pack your bag and go play golf or something. the adult have some work to do2a 
donald trump promis releas of medic inform  polit
"men are not prison of fate, but onli prison of their own minds."
meangirlsrul if you'r offend by everyth you must die
"but it' fineth govern will also hand out  bracelet say ""don't rape me"" to littl girl "
We never ask for them. but fed let them into texa and make our taxpay pay for their comfort. We pay for the… 
kendrasback i'm just state a fact. what' so wrong about it?
icelebratetrumpwith re-think everi failur I made in life
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
Is charlotteriot dedic to this? Oh wait.. 
"one look at your smile, and I could see the light shine everywhere. –jasmin (the king of thieves)"
whi is trump good for us? becaus he doesn't give a damn about polit correctness!trump2016 neverhillari 
budgetmovi on golden mud puddl
telegraphnew not enough polic forc prepar
We accept the love we think we deserve.
pretend i'm not here mypreworkoutroutin
ihaveadreamthat one day my sock bun would hold in place properli 
thingsthatshouldbecensor me.
"sit up straight, eat your veggies,"
hillaryaccomplish the biggest sell-out of modern politics. berni sander is the distant second. 
problematickidsshow  teenag mutant ginger turtl
"trump' 'polit of fear' danger for u.s., world: german foreign minist  world news"
"sanbernardino shoot suspect were identifi as sy farook, 28, and tashfeen malik, 27. motiv still unclear https://…"
ihaveadreamthat alien will come and solv all our problem
tell me with whom you go and i’ll tell you what you do
teichmannard macht deutschland genug f�r die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
can you see the difference? I can't. the same brain size.. neverhillari hillaryforprison2016 
the food lion midnight dumberbroadway
"So let your heart, sweet heart, be your compass when you'r lost and follow it wherev it may go. ladya"
melania trump plagiar charg underscor concern with campaign 
welcom to mcdonald's. I love you. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
where is bernie? 2016electionin3word
"whi it' OK for mexico to have a wall on their southern border, but it' racist for US to do the same?🤔… "
"roger clinton, you have a call on line 3. roger clinton, line 3. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
MT datagenesis: jesu carri the cross. we'v got to carri the ball. fca ccot  supportcoachkennedi pjnet
starmanfollow thi woman looks...veri surpris
bill clinton use tax dollar to subsid foundat 
donald trump say the new york time doesn't 'write good'  polit
No sleep mode til brooklyn. robothiphop
the extent of inhuman human have result to is inconceiv guns4ni
they definit don't want thi to trend hrcratlin  bush
don't forget about that refugeesnotwelcom 2A 
"mason: ""what is the militia? It is the people"" 2A nra pjnet tcot tgdn ccot teaparti rednationris "
donald trump shake up campaign  polit
hillari rotten clinton doesn't give a damn about latinos! see what she realli think of them!👇 
"UK woman groom at 10 for marriage, speak for 'honor' crime victim  news"
"marin Le pen: ‘anyon but hillari clinton, she repres war’ neverhillari "
3 offic charg in laquan mcdonald case appear in court  
custom servic lol 
black friday and cyber monday 2015: deal and store hour for in-stor
"whi donald trump pick mike pence, paul ryan' conundrum and more: best of roll call:  an...  cleveland polit"
suspect dead in west virginia polic shoot  
markyoungtruth both
"obama visit will ‘basically’ normal relat with laos, offici say "
we’r real✊🏾
where is america' outrag over thousand black own as slave by muslims?
happybirthdayharrytruman he’ among top 10 presid of the US
the main rule nowaday is to have a gun prayers4california
"global warming, old scumbags, money, money, money. yeah baby, it demdeb demdebatemiami"
trumpbecaus our democraci ha becom a plutocracy. We need a real change! realdonaldtrump trump2016 🙈
year 2017. 3 month without obama. tennesse resid are still confus about which bathroom to go to… 
worstpaineverin3word out of queso
demdeb protect the minor = ruin america demdebatemiami
thank to obama and blm our nation is more divid than ever neverforget 
"topnew suspect killed, offic shot in arizona wal-mart park lot brawl "
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
catheternebula lol
the gill wife fishtv midnight
thetroublewithaddict is that 
the one that win is the person who realli believ they can win. -benita johnson
RT if you think that killari belong to prisionhillaryforpris
"trump’ children’ role blur line between transition, compani  "
weedsillegalbut If you are young
never seen so much trash in one place 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv respond to question about futur with bring up politics. day: ruined, self-esteem: save"
"ich bin sicher, deutschland wird in der UN einen sitzt bei merkel kriegen! merkelmussbleiben"
He had no fear and wa realli strong will happybirthdayharrytruman
oldschool youth! 
howtogetmediaattent claim you did not have sexual relat with that woman 
"merkel will, damit der euro sicher war merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
 what celebr realli look like!
guten morgen! ich will so einen arbeitsplatz und zwar dringend :D hitz montag start in die woch 
No card again.  valentinesdayin3word
midnight the get down under maketvshowsaustralian
america will have it changexit on tuesday nov. 8 clintonxit votetrump and maga  trumpforpresid
demndeb these guy have a skin problem demdeb
strangesignsoftheapocalyps hillari clinton still ha a chanc to becom our next presid 
trump' pennsylvania support grappl with new accus 
nein es war von den linken terroristen angekündigt u es war ganz klar vorhersehbarmay g20hh17 hamburgraeumtauf
thingsinventedwhilehigh the kfc doubl down 
insultingmovies: 
doktordab ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
obama: would be 'person insult' to legaci if black voter don't back clinton  polit
In hercul shoe allmalereboot midnight
rokoko-festspiel in ansbach: ein hauch von puder und parfüm 
hillari promot sinkhol 
the dri heav murphi drunkband midnight
lakersn 
police: man walk dog kill by hit-run driver  
trump accus obama of be the ‘founder of isis’ 
reasonstoprotest someon took my place
"We met for a reason, either you'r a bless or a lesson."
thetroublewithaddict Is I can't afford it so I steal from those I love
music in real life: west side stori 💪 (probabl not so tough xd) 
I hate that I made you think that the trust we had is broken
bonus:
groundbreak parasit name after barack obama 
becaus 1st amend if y'all would pay attention.. I can support whoever I want! freedom OF speech! SO trumppence16 ❤️ trumpforpresid
"1,000,000."
todolistbeforechristma pack bag 
trump on rahmani immigr 2 US age 7:he came thru afghanistan.what kind of screen procedur were performed? 
hillari clinton to appear in delawar counti on tuesday 
"kiss me, and you will see how import I am"
"A man, though wise, should never be asham of learn more, and must unbend hi mind.  – sophocl"
Is nobodi understand it until you'r go through it.  thetroublewithaddict
there' no cri in hashtagwars! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"As trump falters, more republican say they'll block clinton "
We need that damn deport force! 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  My avi pic.
base clit sexysport midnight
"So when the night falls, my lone heart call"
plz RT  south carolina  lead usa 2 defeat all hous of rep incumbents!     pjnet
stopislam becaus white peopl deserv a homeland free from forc divers islamkil
"reaktionen zum tod helmut kohl. kanzlerin angela merkel würdigt ihn al ""glücksfall für un deutsche"""
cleavag thingsyoucantignor
ivenot that the religion of peac ha noth in common with peac 
yesterday I wa overcharged.
mybedroomin3word it' a room..
the door are close for the one who want to harm my country. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"So mani name becom hashtags.. pple are desensit to polic violenc and start to not care.it' ""here we… "
long-rang goal keep you from be frustrat by short-term failures.
"fbi releas new file on clinton investigation, debat moder unveil "
comey is go to be investig by the congress 😂 hillaryforprison 
stuporman stonedcomicbook midnight
schwarzman: i'm undecid between clinton and trump  polit
video show adult eg On student fist-fight At school  
realdonaldtrump you'r a mutt donaldtrump gump 
thingsnottaughtatschool how not to spend all the money on mac and nake 
"My heart goe out to the families, friends, cowork of those who die or were injur guns4ni"
charliecalley63 and he will
"reinc priebu campaign with trump in pennsylvania, blast left-w media^ ‘don’t believ the garbag you read’ "
top 10 sacha baron cohen moment 
dissent medic marijuana commission replac  polit
rejectedlegominifigur john wayn gaci
(17/37) 37 black men &amp; youth who were kill By policeblacklivesmatterbenandjerrysnewflavor 
clinton say she got dizzi but didn’t pass out 
cattv midnight - the minskin project
midnight addfamilyruinasong you drop your mom On Me
thingsnottaughtatschool how to be classi 
will you pleas tell me you love me? i’m die here.
2016 gop convent speakers: real or fake?  | 
"dutert say he told obama he never insult him, think u.n.' ban a fool  news"
"dear fbi director comey, thank you for let american know that money and power can buy you freedom, and no matt… "
trump’ hollywood star get vandal 
out of touch idiot obama say all trump doe is “hang out with celebrities”  
ohn merkel und cdu wäre da leben in deutschland viel schlechter merkelmussbleiben
it' not about democrat vs republicans!it' about corrupt vs our country! 
make america great again ! obama you'r fire ! maga hillaryforprison2016 lockherup  trumpforpresid
silent run man         addamovieruinamovi
obama administr confirm double-digit premium hike 
mighti morphin stranger danger problematickidsshow
video: ivanka trump: “polit is bizarr and vicious” 
"amid dnc turmoil, kenner nativ donna brazil take major role  polit"
trump greet warmli at dundalk diner  break
trumpbecaus i'm gonna buy a trumpti ! vote trump ! 😜
scale hous rock fishtv midnight
some good snack will recov thi day
ilove__butihate__ I love money but I hate earn it.
clint eastwood: 'one day we will realiz that the barack obama presid wa the biggest fraud!' 
"RT to remind peopl that 50 year after found of black panther party, some member are still lock up as politi… "
"my4wordnewyearsresolut ""impress yui-chan with cake"" "
Go say it in a mirror. how do you feel? mynewcatchphrasei
sometimesitsokto not smile if you don't want to 
It look like donald trump Is done talk about birther stuff  |  
freedom of speech is the basic differ between a slave and free man slaveryofspeech
A man is liter what he thinks.
what goe around come around!
good morn people!!!! it' electionday!!! let' make today  great!! trumppence16 trumpforpresid
noth in life is realli plain or ordinari becaus life itself is so extraordinary. ihq
"twitter, 'lies' and videotape: trump shame beauti queen "
morocco: TV show give muslim women tip on hide violent bruis provok outrag 
hollywood thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
reminder: here is your next first ladi if you vote hillary... 
"""the guardian app download "
you matter philandocastille. your life still matters. you will alway matter. the love never disappears. blackskinisnotacri…
We don't need anoth nation embarrassment! vote trump! 
"the averag person' ear weigh what you are, not what you were.  – franci quarl"
politweec rest in peac
"starbucks, thank for steal our christmas!😭 givethanksin5word "
🚨nycexplosion🚨sourc say that it could have been a bomb!chelsea 
trump campaign deni oust fox ceo roger ail is advis the candid  polit
"In spite of email controversy, clinton hold edg over trump "
mass debates! betteralternativetodeb
trumppence16 maga   trumpforpresid
cruz' trump flip-flop may hurt hi popular back in texa 
At least A few black churchgoer like donald trump’ detro...  |  
thingsyoucantignor the fact that christ is watch 
join us in 15 minutes! 
« the wisest have the most authority. » plato
syria no-fli zone would mean ‘kill a lot of syrians’ – leak hillaryclinton speech 
cancelplansin5word - (consult the superman excus book)
you never know what you have until you clean your room! I have just found a dollar 😃
jaredwyand all of my famili is vote trump!
I can't take anoth heartbreak..
georgesbernanos: it’ a fine thing to rise abov pride... quot quot
obama is not a christian! RT  stopislam dianesori makedclisten crusad wakeupamerica politicalislam
hat denn schulz besser ideen? schulz wirft union ungerecht wahlprogramm vor cdu csu spd 
after year of racial tension trump is reach out for uniti in america!msm will never show this!trumpindetroit 
war on mankind my4wordnewyearsresolut
"cook competition, here' trump' entri betteralternativetodeb "
"A man of hubri will kill for hi reputation, while a man of principl will die for hi tcot tlot pjnet"
great ralli in kissimmee! RT &amp; show the world how american love mr. trump!trumptrain 
where the trump-clinton race stand a day befor they debat  polit
midnight  birdtv lark and recreat 
bstevewhit samthiessen bob_grandpa the process is too long and complic and mani peopl would disagree. thi can be a war.
wikileak guarante hillaryclinton' crimin trial:next releas promis provid enough evid for her arrest 
obama inner uniteblu tcot ccot pjnet thi what I expect from ani candid 
"obama: ""we are not at war against islam""me: islam IS AT war with  america!chelsea "
mybatonroug wow that interest
bryanagarn give us some instruct how to deal with thi phosphoru polut water
"donald trump: ""when clinton can rig an investigation, she can rig a poll.""thursdaythought "
A look at hack email from clinton’ campaign chairman  news
one of my best treasur momin5word
thanksobama  for show us peasant that follow the law is option
makemehateyouinonephras what wa your name again?
ishouldgetamedalfor order so much starbuck
"I am diana, princess of the amazons. (wonder woman) superheropresidentialslogan"
hillaryclinton yes! Go vote and maga donald trump is the onli candid that care about black people.trumppence16 trumpforpresid
sport bar mustbeban cuz I just don't get it! how can it be connect with sport and alcohol at the same time https:…
trump host fundrais in chicago wednesday 
reasonsiaintinarelationship coz i don't want to
nevada becom one of trump' big hope for swing state win 
Do you have more excuses? makeamericagreatagain 
merkel hat immer für die rentner gesorgt merkelmussbleiben
whyimgangsta caus I wear thi shirt to hillaryclinton
"If burn the american flag is the 1st amend right, whi is burn the quran a hate speech?liberallog "
katiecour maxboot or the thought of have hilaryclinton as presid is more frightening.  demexit imnotwithh lyingliarwholi
congratul to our next first ladi melaniafirstladi 
notmypresid 
dnc day 4: convent bunk buddi  polit
"mice, mice, babi rodentiaamovieorsong"
quot of the demdeb - said the profession liar hillaryclinton who is under crimin investig by fbi demdebatemiami
howtoloseyourjob insult your boss with big word 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"trumpbecaus ""our leader are dummies. they don't know what' go on. it' true, they'r incompetent."" ⚊ realdonaldtrump 💩😍"
"If there ever come a day where we can't be together, keep me in your heart"
trump pledg support for louisiana after visit  polit
joshdemaria unbelievable!
"obama on meet trump after election, dems' way forward  "
"In d-d haben heut fast 43 millionen menschen arbeit, so viel wie noch nie merkelmussbleiben"
merkel ist offen gegenüb anderslautenden meinungen. merkelmussbleiben
lifewouldbebetterif there wa no murder
art is not a handicraft...
day 2 of dncinphl: dem built a  second wall! now protest are behind two layer of secur fencing!👇 
"барак обама использует любую возможность, чтобы критиковать дональда трампа "
trump admit obama wa born in u.s.; fals blame clinton for start rumor  polit
 iggi azealia look so great
imalwaysokwith stay home to watch the tv and make sure nobodi steal it
"""midnight montreal and error"
"indeed, how dare she? "
US congress overrid obama' veto on the bill permit 9/11 victim to sue saudi arabia  
clinton jump to 9-point lead over trump: poll  polit
trumpbecaus I dont want u.s. to turn into a 3rd world countri
jenn_abram ahahaha
ilove__butihate__ how much casino pay-actu play casino
gonna-be-deadpool midnight superoldhero
midnight drunkband I love you manfr mann
which mean i'v chosen right party!tcot ccot 
whi are you still breathing? like doesn't all your ignor fill up your lungs? blacktwitt come help thi kid 
clever_dov that' aw sad 😣
topnew debat give trump a last big chanc to sway voter befor nov. 8
hate movement blacklivesmatt  mustbeban
On the emperor' secret servic midnight  japanamovi
No screen process of afghani forc 31 seal team6 kill  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
trump 'bets' suspect not on watch list becaus he's...  polit |  
"hillari clinton email show she watch ohio politics, even while secretari of state  polit"
coldwar20_en bomb NK from the orbit...
new crime two demolit worker injur in build collaps in st. loui (st. loui post-dispatch) …
hillari clinton to campaign in cleveland on wednesday  polit
i'm sick right now😡😡paid hillari thug beat up a homeless woman when she wa defend trump' star in hollywood.… 
"obama accident admit ""we'r train isis"". traitor and disgrac of america "
she got betti davi baptiz  makemusicreligi
"""ani deal that doesn't increas job and wage in america, I will oppose."" ~ donald trumplaconia "
marionhorn ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
populismu hat in deutschland wenig chancen. „afd könnte die größte wahlhelferin der kanzlerin werden“
five sneaki awesom thing about the 2015 miami dolphin
We are free peopl of america and our right are given to us by god and constitution. 
they said bound fucktheworld
redneckamovi midnight the trump
sie kann in hitzigen debatten die gemüter beruhigen. merkelmussbleiben
msm dump thi video after it aired. trump wa right and it' our duti to show it.howtogetmediaattent 
"theconqueror15 worldofhashtag yep, you got me"
nigga it' happen in california
melania trump doe not believ husband' accus 
"We are one nation bound in freedom, peac and uniti happyindependenceday"
see: hurrican sabrina mybedroomin3word
bunni in chocol wonderland easterin4word
maggiedurand As media relat and commun coordin how d'you comment on thi one? ani explanation?
"law, order and the ghost of tom joad: thursday' rnc takeaways: donald trump end the republican nation conve...  cleveland polit"
the bad news is you'r an idiot.  – rihanna
An original: dragnet fishtv midnight
"prayers4california sanbernardino shooter got their gun absolut illegally, and that’ the point"
A quick sharp exit  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
thingsyoucantignor when my dog want to go out and it' 3 am 
"If the mind is not contrived, it is spontan blissful, just as water, when not agitated, is by natur transpar and clear.- rinpoch"
manalblrz mitchw11 you mean these muslims? 
... 
poll: clinton open Up double-digit lead over trump  polit
"clinton' immigr plan could help economi more than trump's, most economist say "
"polit top rnc moments: nomin trump, indict clinton"
obama: low turnout By black voter would Be 'A person insult'  |  
thi demdeb is even more bore than the previou one demdeb demdebatemiami 
insultingmovi the bitch of eastwick
todolistbeforechristma 1. procrastinate. 2. panic
"person abilities: intelligence, drive, character. that' hillari jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama"
spongebob melvin athleticstvshow
just a reminder: milwauke ha been run by democrat for 116 year &amp; ha 5th highest crime rate. 
"deutschland ist da größte ziel der neuen völkerwanderung. kann sein, wollen flüchtling hier viel arbeiten? 🤔"
rot-rot-grün sinkt auf niedrigsten wert seit januar spd grüne
No doubt obama will need a sever month to verifi that thi wa islam terrorism..
liberallog is about not use logic at all 
trump suggest militari member with mental health issu aren’t ‘strong’ and ‘can’t handl it’  polit
"topvideo obama: ""choos hope"" "
all you want to know about hillari hillaryrottenclinton  
you'r done hillary!unfit to be presidentneverforgethillarycollaps hillaryhealth 
"2 expens 2 exorbitant"""
topnew imag purport to be michel obama' passport post onlin
how gop would fill a vacanc on presidenti ticket  polit
feel myself sooo tire
poll: will sexual misconduct alleg against donald trump affect how you vote? 
thingsinventedwhilehigh most movi in the 60' and 70's.
lordmonett and how do you know?
resid of the villag put on a parad to show their support for donald trump!🇺🇸thegophasbecom 
thingsyoucantignor the ga light on the car
"speech is silver, silenc is gold"
realli good commercial! hahaha 
whydontyoutri to serious think about this? 
you pass the in interview  reasonstogetdivorc
think about it: obama knew what' on 28page back then. whi is he bowing? he' thank for 9/11. 
the blue brazzer makeamoviesexu
"clinton intro music wa ""I feel good"" by jame brown. jame brown die of pneumonia...fridayfeel "
better to say run by socialist who want to destroy it.trumpsacrific 
lostin3word noth to eat
"""here is no vet of these refugees.. they'r look to kill us. they are kill us.."" ~ scott baio "
maketvsexi  lick that dyke show
jamespmahon rternag cormacag5 prayers4california
"about 100 attend protest, march for black uniti in downtown cleveland "
"what’ wrong with those people? If we ever lose our flag, our god or our constitut – we lose america. "
"donald trump put disabl in the spotlight, but not in the way these advoc hope "
a pack of smoke  lastminutegifts2016
"these word arriv here in an instant, from somewher I don’t know. they are gift from mysteri to mysteri for the pure sake of mystery.-jcw"
jenn_abram iran deal is not onli kerry' idea
"gute nacht, hamburg! träum dir wa süßes! 😊 "
jenn_abram 😱😱
ohio not a must-win on clinton' path to the white hous 
shout out to my god! makemusicreligi
"donald trump endors paul ryan, john mccain, kelli ayott  polit"
thingspeopleontwitterlik tranquil 
noahbati exactli
whi would 100 women pose nake befor the rnc? 10 women share their reasons: whi would so mani women want to she...  cleveland polit
.realdonaldtrump: “I will never put person profit befor nation security.”nakedtrump 
oh my! It seem there wa an error! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
ihavearighttoknow whether or not donald trump had paid feder tax debatenight
I honestli don't think i'v ever been in thi much pain
candid make pre-elect day push in swing state  
biraz görgü öğreniriz belki maketvshowscanadian
"gop senat candid rip obama as the ""divider-in-chief""👈rncincletrumppence16 gopincl gopconvent "
account is what is need in the secretservic serviceofnosecret
billboard in finlandrefugeesnotwelcom 
love can make you do some crazi things... but what' realli crazi is not be held in your arms...
"donald trump say law-abid african-american are ""main victims'' of violent protest "
rand paul : snowden led to spi reform 2016elect
"somewhere, the ghost of ray bradburi is smile "
christina aguilera - christina aguilera dirrti lyric  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
wtf did I just see? 
fox5ni march for trump near trump tower ny. happen now: 
i'm as cool as a bodi on ice sad
MT truckshorsesdog: outrag potu overreach gungrab pen bypass congress.  2A nra pjnet
"I use to go hike earlier, I miss it! "
still in awe about drive thru iamthankfulfor
twittercanbeabit much
trump on twitter: ford won’t move lincoln assembl to mexico  
handbal sexysport midnight
the electrifi energi behind trump cannot be ignored!hillari fan use violenc &amp; racismmaga 
"dkmkc2000 remember: ""she'll say anyth to get elected"", - barack obama"
"hillari clinton tell girl and women in her concess speech that they are powerful, valuable… "
"winners, I am convinced, imagin their dream first. they want it with all their heart"
blurp. iamthankfulfor
If there' a chang of heart in a politician - alway follow the moneyvoterecount 
Dr jerkyl
"first step are taken to repeal obama care. finally, thing start to get better!makeamericagreatagain "
bob-on-the-knob sled sexysport midnight
stopislam refuge are isis. even a 5 year old could tell that' their plan islamkil
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there Is No path and leav a trail. ralph waldo emerson
imalwaysokwith pie. can never go wrong with pie.
thi is bill clinton' son. just imagin if it wa about trump! the msm wouldn't shut up! wearethemedia… 
'we will no longer surrend thi countri or it peopl to the fals song of globalism.’ ~ donald trump 
my4wordnewyearsresolut meet taylor alison swift
If the truth will set you free what' the deal with the 5th amendment? hillaryforprison2016 
oper zero footprint: the bombshel truth about benghazi?  whi obama is kill ppl to keep thi quiet pjnet
"nuzombie4 calm down, my friend! they are too much of chicken shit to start someth big"
"""the era of the pajama boy is over on januari 20th and the alpha male are back."" ~ sebgorka "
ishouldgetamedalfor wake up earli at 11:50 p.m everyday
we'll never forget and never let it happen again holocaustmemorialday 
hillaryclinton you are the biggest liar!
god bless our soldier and veteran 
deutschland – mexiko im livetick 4:1 
brokeback realdonaldtrump heeeeeeey gurl.... 
"san bernardino shoot kill up to 12 at social servic agency, sourc say  prayers4california"
frau merkel macht sich sorgen um die perspektiven der bürger! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
martin o'malley to speak at dnc tonight 
topvideo dalla shoot suspect' father defend polic 
smoke kill 
black donald trump support defend the flag from leftist who want to burn it 
"hillari clinton, donald trump work for ohio vote on labor day: ohio polit roundup  polit"
🤔🤔🤔 
"boiseweekli what wrong with a former plant in american falls, idaho? phosphoru leak"
welcom to the... Oh nevermind it' gone now earthdaysong midnight
trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
meat girl makeamoviefat
hillari clinton in ohio defend famili of muslim-american soldier: democrat presidenti candid hillari cli...  cleveland polit
go to tri thi one!!!  
muslim girl be lead off in chain to meet their new husbands...hillari want the same for american girls!!! 
"obama' administr deni the connect between terror act and radic form of ""religion of peace"". We don't. "
hous pass sept. 11 legisl as obama veto threat loom  news
trump' doctor &amp; hillary' doctors... 
« misfortun show those who are not realli friends. » aristotl
trump say clinton call and congratul him  
reminder: hillari want to bring in thousand of muslim like  the cascademal shooter arcancetin! 
watch: trump say 'thi whole elect is be rigged' 
waggin' train maketvsexi
"for hillari clinton, histor run had it root at wellesley  "
everyon here ha the sens that right now is one of those moment when we are influenc the future.  – steve job
merkel macht keinen fehler merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
craytv makearmericagreatagain hillaryforprison trumpforpresid
hillari cinton arm isi and other jihadist in syria. wikileak prove it. clinton is the threat to all the world
charliecalley63 what a joke
"1000 of women came at trump ralli in virginia beach, VA but media will never show you this! spread online!… "
ihavearighttoknow how peopl arrang meet without the mobil phone
topnew writer take the blame for melania trump speech mess
supporter: trump 'honestli love america'  news
you smell good  3wordsbetterthanilovey
here' a guid how to make a joke of yourself and everyth you stand forliberallog 
We all have equal opportunityour fuck presid IS black 
"trump in arizona: babeu, brewer and arpaio to speak at prescott valley campaign ralli "
u.s. elect wrap: trump talk tax as fresh challeng emerg  polit
the fact that some girl wear extens and fals eyelash everi day astound me becaus i cant be bother to put on pant regularli
lostin3word vincent and catherine. miss them terribly!
i'm not weedsillegalbut
how to score free jay Z ticket for a hillari clinton get-out-the-vot concert  polit
Al pizzino fattenamovi
"afd erzielt erfolg, weil merkel  sich 2015 verirrte. aber heut versucht kanzlerin ihr fehler zu korrigieren!"
ilikepeoplewho don eat after 6 p.m. i'm not the onli one superstiti
"hillari clinton, donald trump face off in first debat of 2016 gener elect  "
retweet if you also think that donald trump gave one of hi best speech tonight in charlotte! bravo!!! 
trump get tangl in hi own debat rigging: darci cartoon  polit
I hate it.  mybedroomin3word 
hellboy ii: the golden child armi addamovieruinamovi midnight
"oscarssowhit so next year oscar will be hash tag oscarsoblack , becaus of selfish peopl like jadapsmith oscarhasnocolor oscar"
the countri is truli 'go to pot' junkieu
dirti littl secret of My success addasongruinamovi
women will never be free under sharia! liber defend muslim have no respect for women! 
secondhandgift bucket challeng 
trumpbecaus We all know who isn't a cheater and the man who must win 😏😏😏
"If i'm go to give you my heart, i'm go to give you all of it."
lang wochenend steht un bevor!! 😂 
it' gonna be fun to watch a black comedian say someth about oscarssowhite. make no sens oscarhasnocolor oscar
donald trump in debat hot seat after crude tape emerg  polit
thousand hit philadelphia' steami street to protest dnc  |  
what would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
hillari clinton’ three hurdl to overcom pneumonia collaps  news
"I can be annoying, weird, and sometim overli emot but i'll alway love you like there' no tomorrow."
3wordsbetterthanilovey lectur is cancelled...
Dr ben carson ha A few word On whi america need A strong leader! 
how to defeat an unlaw search in 6 second badcop btp 
media tri to make us believ that shooter at cascademal wa hispanicanoth attempt to prove that he isn't mus… 
"mr. trump doesn't see party. He doesn't see race, and he doesn't see gender. He just want to do what' right for t… "
stair climber lol 
dogsong midnight like a roll bone  By bob dog dylan
the uh umm oh yeah batman! stonedcomicbook
"friend are there to stay, even on the most gloomi of days. –eeyor"
goldman sach see mexican peso gain 10% If clinton win  polit
dumbgeniewish politician and cop start treat us like peopl not like taxpay and crimin onli
idontneedacostumebecaus I am the evil itself 😈
infomercials.
"In illinois, vote for clinton in chicago area overtook rest of state  "
MT shooters_wife: listen! A grassroot army... come to take back their country! pjnet  cruzcrew pjnet
thingstoknowabouttwitt it addict
thetroublewithaddict is it' addicting.
donald trump tell vladimir putin he’ look forward to have a strong and endur relationship with russia  abc
"I know she' not perfect, but she tri so hard for me. and I thank god that she isn't bradpaisley"
thank you for follow us.happi thanksgiving!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa amer 
clinton campaign claim three battleground state could be lock through earli vote  polit
life' a bitch. don't vote for one. trumpforpresid
"obama defend iran payment, say wa not 'some nefari deal'  world news"
not bad video! 
"hello, everyone. join us tomorrow to support miner and mr. trump! make PA prosper again! please, share thi flye… "
US ha lowest budget per veteran among all develop countries!rt if you also think vet should go befor illegals! 
"watch terrymendoz remind celebr that they are move out if trump win the election!bye, bye👋"
donaldtrump campaign chief: john kasich 'embarrassing' ohio 
offendeveryonein4word - your sexual is bore
 cat vs trashcan
gop convent speaker  news |  
therealttowntim realdonaldtrump can you be a littl bit more constructive?
stumbl in the neon grove  love america
midnight powerpuff fish girl fishtv
or
sound like shit to be honest. 
chillin on the couch
lifewouldbebetterif time zone weren't a thing
"when you go to vote, just think ""benghazi"" and never forget. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
"how would a presid clinton handl russia, china, guantan...  |  "
demndeb shut up and do someth use demdeb
exactly!tcot pjnet banislam 
"donald trump: ""you have to have stop and frisk. you need more police."" debatenight debat"
everi RT remind donnabrazil that she owe an apolog 2 all american for help hillari cheat in debat agains… 
america had not got enough of emmett till' sufferingso they had to shoot him again... 
"obama to veto septemb 11 lawsuit bill by friday. He just didn't want to upset hi muslim masters, I see "
like i'm surprisedtrump2016 
our govern care onli about money so it’ profit for them to say that vaccin is necessari vaccinateu
polic presenc and protest at the rnc 
thank obamait' almost over 
"have you ever notic that blacklivesmatt ""peaceful"" protest alway end up with looting!milwauke "
 her butt is huuuug
fast. real fast. 0to100 godawg belkbowl cltmotorspdwi nascar 
whenitimetravel i'm go back to the night I wa conceiv to yell at my parent for the evil they we'r about to creat
deutsch bevölkerung ist ihr sehr dankbar merkelmussbleiben
warren buffett challeng donald trump to discuss tax return  money
entir black church endors donald trump for president. 
"god help usa, we vote for obama hope he would do smth good but not  illegalamigoz"
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit
fuck kidney stone worstpaineverin3word
can you spot ani differ between blacklivesmatt activist &amp; radic islam terrorists?!👇they look the same… 
"Is christi mif hi former top aid is vote for clinton, not trump? | the auditor "
warren take new shot at donald trump  polit |  
"myemmynominationwouldb ""outstand perform in a mediocr role"""
roxystanton1 mailonlin terrible!!!
reasoniamnotpresid I think I could top obama' lamest decis
trump campaign su by children' entertain troup over broken deal 
trump pledg to releas new physical' result  polit |  
"who' who at the third day of the rnc: pence, cruz, walker and much more trump (slideshow)  busi"
"trump ask ""what have you got To lose!?""  |  "
idk who would do such thing like thi to innoc californian guns4ni
10 mins….if u know what I mean 😂😂 
age is no barrier. it' a limit you put on your mind. -jacki joyner-kerse
"refus to give up, your mistak don't defin you, they don't dictat where you'r head they remind you"
trump releas new AD of hillari insult million of hard work americans!mak sure to watch &amp; RT thi great… 
gal maketvshowscanadian midnight
A good day to eat hard makeamoviefat
"hillari clinton, donald trump meet for 2nd presidenti debat "
vandal defac histor black school with racist messages. despicable! 
for awhil everything' okay.
heil hillary!  heil hillary!   heil hillary! spiritcook draintheswamp maga lockherup  trumpforpresid
ask me about my wall. gameshowhostpickuplin 
"songmakesmetearup afir love - Ed sheeran, X"
A new slogan for hillary' campaignneverhillari 
one more time folks! it' up to us to take our countri back from the elites. trumppence16 maga  trumpforpresid
their voic must be heard!electionday 
"and never ever tri to think for yourself! you don't wanna becom like one of those racists, right!?liberallog "
mynewcatchphrasei Do you want to get stabbed?
see it: ny1 anchor pat kiernan goe shirtless for In the paper segment on ...
hillari clinton hate for sale on the street of c...  via news |  
We should all disappear right now
love!
the parent of two american citizen kill in the benghazi attack su clinton in feder court thi monday. 
msm will never show you thi pic!spread it online!florida 
die mehrheit für ein schwarz-gelb bündni ist in reichweite. gute nachrichten!  😊 cdu csu fdp groko 
world trade center to be lit to honor victim of pari attack
"A young black girl in charlott gave a powerful, heartbreak speech about racism!""w need our father and mother… "
unser kanzlerin hat die euro-kris in den griff bekommen merkelmussbleiben
breaking: new crop of gop candid run for u.s. hous seat 
"wer wird die mauer bezahlen? A - die deutschen, B - die chinesen, C - hillari mexiko trump"
walt handelsman: elect year halloween 
lastminutegifts2016 
"black for trump chant don't vote for hillary, she' kill black people!couldn't agre morepeopl don't wan… "
listen how hillari speak to voter when she think nobodi is watching...nastywoman 
the flash maketvsexi
commentary: hillary' speech wa not good  news |  
"""anyon who vote for hillari clinton is aid and abet a felon."" ~ brunelldonaldrt if you agree! "
"sie hat nach den alten regeln lang genug gespielt, um reformen zu erzwingen merkelmussbleiben"
poroshenko in zurich met with protest someonewhokillschildren
A new logo!🔥it' time to be concerned.hillaryshealthhillarycollaps 
songmakesmetearup 
what year is it? 😂😂😂 
veteran serv for hi right to protest.. not for polic brutal &amp; racism. veteransforkaepernick 
"let me love you baby, let me love you love feel"
nomaniac 
"arizona republ endors clinton, first democrat back ever  polit"
sanbernadinoshoot prove that we’r not in safe prayers4california
reasonsiaintinarelationship not sure if i'm singl becaus nobodi want me or becaus I don't want nobodi
Do you think it' ok?teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
".realdonaldtrump: ""there is onli one core issu in the immigr debate, and that issu is the well-b of the american people."""
judg napolitano: hillari clinton offer fbi offici bribe to chang the classif of some of her emails… 
rip militari wardog hopski. 
here are some of the best photo from the 2015 soni world photographi award
"trump: ""when I am president, I will work to ensur that all of our kid are treat equally, and protect equally."" 👏👏👏rncincl"
trumpbecaus usa realli need such leader 👸🏿
you can drink more and may the forc be with youfakeoktoberfestfact
the shadow of what he use to be superoldhero midnight
one day I wonder about the purpos of life
"wir stellen un gegen terror, extremismu und fanatismu merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
"trump didn't need hillari to be indict to beat her, he need to expos a riggedsystem, that ha just been done! "
trump to visit mexico befor immigr speech  news
jame franco show off hi artwork in cleveland: franco' grandpar found the vern coll... …
well iamthankfulfor rev_olut kritty_cat okwhizkid roboyel bijouxdemon lgndofthestar vampirechickkl sykotikkytten and turtl
polic sacrific their live to save ours. everi day one of them die on duti and there' no nation outbreak! 
 ahahaha!
stop rascism against white people! I wouldn't cri if oscarsoblack so deal with it ! oscarhasnocolor oscar 
donnabrazil soon there will be no healthi fish or game in idaho!!! water contamin in the american falls!
would the framer believ the constitut still govern us?  tcot tlot brtt teaparti ccot cosproject articlev
"US immigr divers advocaci group to obama: stop the deport raids, enact temporar...  uniteblu tcot"
If you are a crimin you will be punish with the law honorforthebrav
A new gener of lawyer are rising! and they will not be silenced.blacklivesmatt 
clinton reject trump’ specul that she’ in poor health  polit
addasongruinamovi midnight the incred On parad

7K ballot in counti have signatur issu  
thi is sparta!  mybedroomin3word
betteralternativetodeb wine parti
mean meme' thingspeopleontwitterlik 
reasonstoleaveeu european busi have becom uncompetit
"let' make it oscarhasnocolor, huh? oscarhasnocolor oscar"
2017survivaltip avoid public
"obama describ the muslim immigr as ""women &amp; children"" red cross: 72% are men of fight age. typic oboomer… "
hillari clinton is the opposit of prosperity. In fact hillari clinton herself is mental and physic unstable. 
melania trump doe not believ husband’ accus  news
"how trump' big lie techniqu work - ""belief echoes"" from disinform -  ccot teaparti nhprimari"
  renamemillionwomenmarch
filmsaboutforgettingyourp lost in transit
ihaveadreamthat one day my ex will realiz everyth
👱🏾👊🏾 fergusonrememb what about stop make racist polic officers?
docthompsonshow renamemillionwomenmarch the sisterhood of the travel snowflak
iran will make kerri a fool via negoti  kerrydosmth irantalk
"'europ is exploding. We have terror attack by jihadist almost everi week, almost everi day.'~ geert wildersnic "
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal!nbcnewsforum 
prawn stars. fishtv midnight
"use the phrase... ""could you pleas pass the wine"" survivalguidetothanksgiv"
here’ anoth liberals’ attempt to attack american history. 
 x))) my friend feel the same)
watch: crowd applaud the polic at rncincle! real patriots! 👏👏batonroug 
how can a politician be so irresponsible? It would be aw if terrorist gain access to her email whatclintonwrit
millenni trust trump more than clinton on onli one issue: regul wall street  
gameshowhostpickuplin you know you'r a redneck when you meet me on the 6th floor of the gradey hotel
"ohio stab attack is includ in policebrut case list. way to go, wp! whi be surpris cop are hated?… "
illinoi democrat say don’t trust trump To soften immigr stanc 
"It is not sustain . brussels"""
cattv midnight the ten o'clock mew midnight 
« He ha commit the crime who profit by it. » seneca
"De niro liken trump to ""taxi driver"" charact  news |  "
gun are so veri dangerous! the most thorough check are need for gun buyer gunviolenceoregon
lightdominican what' so ignor about thi post?
just a pictur of hillari clinton' most ardent follow hillarysbodydoubl hillaryshealth dropouthillari 
"surveymonkeytrump 42clinton 50clinton gain after recent controversi revelations,rnc did not work out for trump "
 have you seen this?!
wikileaks’ guccif 2.0: obama sold off public offic to donor 
what portray michel obama taught tika sumpter about em...  |  
hillari is noth without puppet media. hillarycoverageiscrap 
iamthankfulfor the nativ american @ stand rock protest the dakota access pipelin nodapl
"anoth lie from demswhat' next, guys? tcot pjnet "
"gibt es ein schlimmer scheiß al ""politiker"" der afd? merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
thanksobama US nation is divid
. the second amend IS MY gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  impack nra tcot gop . 
everi time a mass shoot occur democrat seem to just worri about gun law and disarm citizen  prayers4california
!!graphic!! syria rebel nour al-din zenki in handarat aleppo captur al-qud kid fighter(~13yo) &amp; slaughter him 
the tale of peter rabbi  onewordoffbook midnight
the c.i.a. dump million in unaccount cash abroad!! taxesforalqaeda
A happi marriag is a long convers which alway seem too short.
christmasaftermath new sherlock episod is realli soon!
hump tha polic dogsong midnight
probabletrumpstweet My twitter account is now offici the onli credibl news sourc
"I can't set my hope too high, caus everi hello end with a goodby"
abc washingtonpost I think it’ pretti accurate! the best congratul to obama 
It just sicker than a third floor in hospit
polit fallen soldier' dad: trump lack 'moral compass'
"muslim threaten ""if donald trump will be the president, we will leav the us""don't blow anyth befor you leave!"
whatihatein5word hillari clinton might becom presid
"I am not in thi world to live up to other people' expectations, nor do I feel that the world must live up to mine."
ishouldgetamedalfor be in thi fandom lmao
 pjnet
taco bell diarrhea worstpaineverin3word
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on bill clinton’ past  news"
itsriskyto steal my tweet
idrunforpresidentif everyon promis me that my tweet would not turn into headlines. that would be looot of sha… 
"If you are an undecid voter, I recommend you take a look at the list of reason to vote trumppenc link trumpforpresid"
 fine video!
obama said it. 3wordhillari 
A bad attitud is wors than a bad swing.
islamistheproblem nohillary2016 ohhillno protectourcitizen  
syphili Is the end  dickflick midnight
"cori booker respond to trump: 'I love you, donald'  polit |  "
ain't it good be on your own?
humoritarian disguist
"throughout  our live we have known someon who ha given the ultimate, suprem sacrific for the good of other peopl supremesacrificeday"
election2016 We will win and achiev a landslid victori hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
woah! ultron look like he ha a case of the mondays! 
funni joke to take our mind off the elect  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
vote as though your life depend on it. becaus it *does* trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" - revclbryant "
"take a look, fellow patriot "
the latest: trump: biden misstat rhetor on islam state  polit
"ladygaga i'm not vote criminals! decad w/ corrupthillary, she onli want more money"
hillary' reckless and danger intervent in iraq unleash isis! she is a reason of islam invasion! debatenight debates2016
tight rider maketvsexi
ifiruledhel obama would be our president!
todolistbeforechristma move to canada
"""we don't have ani black guys! - just give white guy these banners, no one will notice!""😂😂😂blacklivesmatter… "
new US target mayor say indict a 'punch in the gut' (the arizona republic) 
new hampshir is on john kasich' mind -- and schedul -- dure rnc week in cleveland: the visit will fuel spec...  cleveland polit
dear american blacks! thi wise woman ha some import word  for you! read &amp; spread far and wide!milwauke 
"for everi clip we let steadili rip, push your afro back to seventi six, motherfuck – roc marciano"
".jonathanturley on colleg protests: you can't say that you like the democrat process, but onli if it come out… "
myemmynominationwouldb worst lover of the year
there is no such thing in anyone' life as an unimport day.
'taco truck on everi corner': latino bay area trump suppor...  |  
one tree gill fishtv midnight
cliffordklousia cynthiamomof3 it' just like gay peopl have more right to compass than trump support
today is a new day. let' get some momentum for realdonaldtrump. RT with your favorit trump quote.  trumppence16 M… trumpforpresid
"j0hnlarsen carriethornthon yup, I heard of that too "
va. gov. to restor vote right to 200k ex-offend use mass clemenc order.  
elizabeth snyder wife of slain stlcountypd offic blakesnyd is invit by pres. trump to attend hi address to congress🇺🇸…
honorforthebrav bluelivesmatt We trust in law enforc 👮💪
2 belgian polic offic are wound after man with a machet attack them shout allahu akbar.accept refuge is accept invad
trump refer To himself onli 3 time dure speech; We 45 times; you 24 timesinaugur
"wake up, people, america' not longer the countri it use to be. If inaction' gonna be our answer, we are doomed. "
cancelplansin5word I have to work late! 
hillaryclinton PA is with realdonaldtrump trumppence16 maga trumpforpresid
icelebratetrumpwith a poem. rose are red/violet are blue/trump is now president/so fuck you
good eye staywok  
betteralternativetodeb let them rule togeth and watch the world burn 
tankstellenüberfal in ried: dna-spuren führten zum täter 
potuslasttweet I know what you did last summer 
"dear hillaryclinton, how doe it feel to be abort just sever day befor delivery?!hillaryindict"
ladydshop Do you still actual expect someth worthi from them?
".bretbaier: ""donald trump ha flip nevada. he' expand hi lead in oh, az, ga, &amp; mo. He is narrow the gap… "
somebodi help him!! 
lava lamp  thingsinventedwhilehigh
phillyonairnow thank god! and those who save him
appl approv violenc against trump but protect hillari from all polit satir games🤔appleev 
charliecalley63 taxpay didn't have to pay for that
thefirst100daystodolist retract all your word and start creat a trump empir
idontneedacostumebecaus I am too scare of these modern costum 😱😱😱 
lieblingsschriftstellerin meiner kindheit! cornelia funk schockiert über g20-krawal  regierungserklärung
hillari clinton enter the final week of the 2016 campaign with a $153 million warchest  polit
My mother the cow midnight  cowtv
make candid compet on american gladiat betteralternativetodeb 
happybirthdaymalcolmx If you are unhappi just fight for better life
realdonaldtrump  is chang hi campaign schedul to visit flood-ravag louisiana tomorrow! do obama' job!!!
"aw, you'r cute, can I keep you?"
hillari rotten clinton 
polit fact check: trump worri about a 'rigged' elect
"If you are not racist you can use term as nigga, honky, coonass, spic,"
can't stop play cash flow
ich glaub in die integrationsprojekte! merkelmussbleiben
fake friend give the wrong answer
trump on the police: “we will alway stand with you. We love you.“ austin 
hypocrit starter pack:1. run against wall street corruption2. give endors to hillari clinton 
merkel will klimaschutz für „unser mutter erde“
.newtgingrich: everi american ha a chanc to renew and strengthen our freedom with everi election. 
muslim arrest for plot midnight mass church attack on christma eve banislam 
the left can't ban free speech anymor in the americalik they do in europ that' whi they spread anti-trump hyste… 
itldoranch nikothefarm true enough
ihavearighttoknow what there is in hillary' delet e-mail hillaryforprison 
what we know about trump' immigr plan  polit
iamthankfulfor the fact that my mom made us fend for ourselv in the cook department. It gave me the skill of baking…
thingspeopleontwitterlik   drama. So much much twitter drama.
braveri and sacrific we never forget dday ddayinmyheart
freie medien sind ein wesentlich element unser demokratischen ordnung merkelmussbleiben
icantbeurfriendbecaus 
renamemillionwomenmarch We take the abort pill and when the babi come out we just say yuck and flush it like it' trash.
driver use cardboard trump head in carpool lane 
"notalmostfam well i blame bush as well, but obama is our current potu who did noth to solv thi problem"
stay 'woke' 
wunderschönen morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen tollen freitag! Es ist bald wochenende! 😊 
dnc 2016: A quick look at bill clinton' 42-minut speech where be brag on hi wife
thingsyoucantignor mamma' final screams. thank god no one els heard them!
snl crack rnc joke on special weekend updat from cleveland (video): saturday night live brought weekend updat...  cleveland polit
renamemillionwomenmarch My feet hurt becaus I tri to wear cute shoe walkathon! whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri kal79
hrc liter deni our right to work. who told her this? homeless vets? mayb laid off mine and manufacturing… 
"cori booker respond to trump: 'I love you, donald'  polit"
"beautiful? well, i'd say you have a great person makemehateyouinonephras"
"malcolm x' stori is not about religi beliefs, it' about radic and violence, black kkk inmemoryofmalcolmx "
"trump end standoff with ryan, strain to fix split gop  news"
ted cruz is a liar machiavellian person. bc2dc16 tcot ccot 
makemehateyouinonephras 
clinton campaign hack 
and the winner is... realdonaldtrump 
tim kain stump for clinton in phoenix 
"""look at thi crowd! thi is amazing. we'r go to win florida so big."" ~ donald trump melbourne, florida.… "
"fun fact: after thousand of hillari email leaked, not a singl yoga email wa found..podestaemails7… "
obama is a traitor. He fuel hatr and is tri to divid our nation. 
tofeelbetteri do a littl bit of stress relief (not me in the picture) 
mani women say trump show too much testosteron at debat 
have you seen nemo? inquisitivemovi
еще две статуи обнаженного дональда трампа появились в майами 
"trump, committe rais $90m, fall behind clinton  polit"
the truth doe not chang accord to our abil to stomach it
stopislam islamkil what is go on in the world
the white stripe 'disgusted' by donald trump' 'illeg use' of song 
pray for our countri  prayers4california
"'if you vote for a parti that disenfranchis million by rig it own primary, that perpetu a corrupt syste… "
polit correct mustbeban
brussel all refuge can bring to our countri is disturb and hate islamkil
He got bombed. 🔫🔫🔫🔫 emojiaweekend
fact check clinton' big speech at dnc  polit
ilove__butihate__ I love car but I hate be told that I can't smash them into the local comcast offic
sometimestwittermakesm retart llol
gmamachckn hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump As well as you won't see cnn cover thi
you'r a bitch ass nigga trump2k16  trumpforpresid
donttellanyonebut your dog is in a plsatic bag in your back yard. If you don't wanna join it you better sign thi goddamn petition!
chelsea handler mock melania trump after she threaten to sue news outlet 
trump on immigration: there are ‘bad hombres’ in the unit state  polit
Ok and I love lasagna 
inmyfantasylif there are no monday and robot do all the work for me 😍thursdaythought
"maketvshowscanadian green eggs, and ham"
valentinesdayin3word half price candi
I just publish “hillary is the new mccarthyism” 
trump jr.: 'I didn't say anyth about the holocaust'  polit |  
hillari clinton support object To be featur In pro-trump Ad 
breaking: reinc priebu just gave donald trump secret weapon to win the election…  
jenn_abram stand with christi against obesity!
reasonstogetdivorc she said your team suck
fresh off the runway by rihanna  fashionsong midnight 
senat advertis bigger than presidenti in year of trump  polit
I know that israel is blame obama for stupid previou irantalk gulfstatestalk
the best thing to the obama presid is that it’ come to an end - sheriff david clark 
red ryder BB gun  whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
god' plan is bigger than your mistakes.
clinton postpon visit to charlott after mayor' request 
unemploy rate among african-american still high 
becaus donald trump will be the one reasoniamnotpresid
donald trump jr. liken syrian refuge to poison skittl  news
icantbeurfriendbecaus u fake
"let' make it oscarhasnocolor, huh? oscarhasnocolor"
"global will kill us one day, that what I think"
thi is whi we can't sell our soul and support evil hillari clinton!w are bernieorbust!feelthebern 
"with will heart and skill hands, the difficult we do at onc"
"hillaryclinton oh, really? "
cooper: gop' underag dui law could endang road fund 
there' absolut no honor in use brute forc on the poor kid! 😡 we blackpow will rise stronger then ever blm 
obama say sexism could lead voter to back trump over clinton  polit
We all lose
excus me !!!!! pjnet  ground of a conserv  Is to reduc feder govt. w/less spend  what' the debt today again? speakerryan
nypd offic attack with meat cleaver outsid penn station!!sound like islam terrorism! 
donald trump switch campaign manag and add polit brawler as ceo 
blow yourselv up befor come to america islamkil stopislam
reallifemagicspel 'you'r too old for that' - point out someon too old for everyth
skydiv w/o chute. betteralternativetodeb
"""we are go to put peopl befor government!' ~ donald J. trump "
"iran deal reached, obama hail step toward 'more hope world'  news"
trumpbecaus trump2016 😡
.hillaryclinton is polit equival of syphilis. 
A berni sander supporter: 'i'v been a democrat my whole life. but now I might vote trump!'basementdwel 
"marktwain: good friends, good books, and... quot quot lifequot life"
'male lemonade' 😅 
you'v seen next task now you can either take the money or we can keep play by you go back into the nude gameshowhostpickuplin
. the second amend IS our gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  vet nra ccot tcot gop 
watch🚨 delegate: dnc is replac sander support with paid seat filler to creat fake unity!imwithhernow 
throw sugar momma from the train richmovi midnight
I want to congratul mr. presid trump on win the debat &amp; thank him for love america!pleas show your… 
midnight tonsil hockey sexysport
suprem sacrific day recogn the ultim sacrific made by some for the good of others.  supremesacrificeday
"let' rememb obama' words: ""hillari clinton, she'll say anyth and chang nothing."" "
"merkel meint, dass ein land, da die todesstraf hat, kann nicht mitgli der EU sein merkelmussbleiben"
hamburg räumen ihr schönste stadt der welt aufhamburg g20hh17 g20protest 
"If martin luther king jr. wa aliv today, he'd be asham of black live matter’ racism. sad. He believ in a colorblind so…"
"vorwärt immer, rückwärt nimmer! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
marijuana cost a lot of money! I don`t want my tax money spend on it! junkieu
captain amerijuana. stonedcomicbook midnight
mayb we should see liberallog as a disability? 
"reports: outsid group spend big to help trump, clinton "
the msm must be realli busi with podestaemails6 right now 
christina aguilera - christina aguilera dirrti lyric  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
polic issu warrant for trump support who appear...  polit |  
shrimp My ride midnight fishtv
"I think what ha thi day brought me, and what have I given it?"
reminder: In the senat hillari clinton vote 98 time for higher taxes!evangelicaltrump draintheswamp 
fbi-clinton state dept. quid pro quo deal a no-go: darci cartoon  polit
the suprem court question trump and clinton haven’t answer yet  polit
I can't believ all thi atroc  blacklivesmatt altonsterl falconheight blackskinisnotacrim blackskinisn…
clint dempsey score hat trick as u.s. rout cuba 6-0  sport
relax and watch god' final ✉ to man (the quran) be recit :  afldonspi conspiracysong
allen west thi must be made into a film  RT seal6shootdown ccot tcot stopsharia 
reinc priebus: trump will avoid conflict of interest as presid  
.realdonaldtrump she' without question trumpforpresid
"when you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot"
happybirthdaygeorgewashington He wa unanim elect presid of the unit state two times!
replay: coverag of donald trump in jackson  news
I feel the need - the need for amphetamines! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
presid obama welcom singapore' lee hsien loong to his...  |  
had an amaz birthday at in beverli hills. can't wait to come back
"becaus what differ doe IT make, huh? teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv nohillari nobama "
"brexit: britain vote with trump, against hillary, obamabrexitvot "
Be decisive. A wrong decis is gener less disastr than indecision.  – bernhard langer
one of the deep secret of life is that all that is realli worth the do is what we do for other
ironi alert: A soros-paid marxist exercis the 1st amend to call for riot in the us. someon shut her up… 
hollywood drop part 2 now to prepar the sheepl for what' to come staywok
"topnew A disench republican, fear trump, launch third-parti run"
with thi deal everi day may becom our last day!!! kerrydosmth
where' the media on this? secret servic better pay her a visit! imnotwithh neverhillari lockherup 
62% of german think muslim are violent!62% of german think right! 
iknewweweredoom when the banjo start play 
"merkelmussbleiben, weil sie den armen hilft"
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus 80 percent of peopl in rship are tri to convinc us that they are happi smh...
hillari clinton take campaign on the road after dnc 2016
prayer and thought go out to all the famili involv in thi tragedi guns4ni
Do you believ in magic? 🔮
".ajdelgado13: ""hillari know she' been caught lying, she know she broke the law."" nbcnewsforum "
"prayers4california If there wa no legal way to buy a gun, peopl would find an illeg one"
midnight the money shotput sexysport
basketofdeplor she wa talk to ultra rich peopl while elicit money from them. she mock the gener public!
happi nationalfastfoodday realdonaldtrump 
"“xonecole: ""believ in love"" yesss for deliv multipl messag in one performance, love it!!! staywok sb50”"
"fed spend nearli $20,000 to settl everi refugee! see how they pay back! "
opportun nak(ajima) athleticstvshow
It is a thousand time better to have common sens without educ than to have educ without common sense.
"midnight dogsong fleas, flea Me"
joseph and the amaz technicolor meatloaf dumberbroadway midnight
the hous samaritins. makemusicreligi
hillaryforprison2016 lockherup trumpforpresid
"""harri potter and the goblet of fire"
makemehateyouinonephras i'v eaten all the pizza by myself
be a conman who fall for hi own bs. thingstobeashamedof 
donald trump on stock market tumult: china will bring us down
wir kennen den deutschen held stauffenberg  und sein heldentat am juli 1944 noch! 
If today wa perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumptrain draintheswamp today is the day!  trumpforpresid
meet democrat who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! trumptrain 
boy II geriatr retireasongorband
"honorforthebrav tire of prejudic and injustic of the liber media. cop are good guys, crimin are bad ones! simpl as that!"
"So ""women"
the choic is inde clear. 
sometim peopl are beautiful. not in looks. not in what they say. just in what they are
aleppo | saa and hezbollah seiz 1070 apart project 
donald trump greet By cheer and jeer dure chicago-area visit 
tiger wood miss cut as matt jone surg
"""midnight the sun is still out"
'feminist christmas': world react to democrat convent  |  
obama make trade deal top prioriti in remain month 
iamonfir what sign are you?
pelosi say elect could give democrat control of u.s. hous  polit
"hillary' propaganda goal today is to stop bill ""sex predator"" talk. they'r all get paid.deb "
the secretservic should be more attentive! If it still want to exist! serviceofnosecret
.marshablackburn repeatedli vote to fuck over the american people...and losing...i like groundhogday  tcot  
signsyoureasuperhero everi day you protect our liveslawenforcementappreciationday 
"topvideo clinton celebr birthday with chocol cake, say she feel ""blessed"" "
trump to lay out plan for combat radic islam...  via news |  
🚨breaking: big news from new hampshire! trump lead hillari clinton 52-41‼️electionnight ivot 
My mom said I can't cancelplansin5word
seehofer: nur merkel kann freie welt zusammenhalten
whoooop 🙈 
i'll catch guantanamo bay for you. conspiracysong
trump say republican be ‘naive’ about voter fraud  news
"our potu made campaign promises. unlik everi other politician in history, he' deliv on those promises… "
"midnight sun cowboy"""
aufnahmen bringen deutsch hilfsorganis „jugend rettet“ in bedrängni
Is there ani candid who stand for inner problem and not for make war with everyone?teapartynew randpaul 
trump spark natur rush ahead of novemb vote  polit
we must unit to stop tragedi prayers4california 
trumpbecaus militari live matter! trumpforpresid
BY far the best cooki
"even a small dot can stop a big sentence, but.. few more dot can give a continuity."
both clinton and obama are guilty. they didn’t send militari assist even though both knew about the situation. 
"they should consid renam it to world hillary' day, so she doesn't get upset after presidentialelection2016 "
who domin the presidenti forum: trump or clinton?  polit
sometimestwittermakesm find myself when I feel lost.
midnight buffi the vegemit slayer maketvshowsaustralian
"potuslasttweet sorri folks, you'r screwed. potus, out!"
imtoooldfor wear socks. whatev it mean
polic kill 346 black peopl in 2015. everi 25 hours. 
anyon actual sell comic here?  comicconin5word midnight
gopdeb you know that  ban all muslims. No doubt. Go reps! vegasgopdeb
masterjedimara lol
meet democrat who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! trumptrain 
flight restrict dure next week' dnc will stretch into n.j.
old age is no place for sissies.
day 3 of the democrat convent  polit
jess jackson prais donald trump for hi commit to black/minor jobs! 
that thing you hakkaido japanamovi midnight
schießerei auf us-firmengeländ - mehrer tote 
trump to outlin econom plan as he seek to revers slide  news
come and join the protest! time to support trump and delet hillarymaga  
don't believ msm! thi guy support trump and doesn't think he is a racist! 
"trumpbecaus we don't want anoth drunk joe biden, progress hillari clinton or liber jeb bush in our white house! trump2016 💥👳🏾💥"
it' been my experi that you can nearli alway enjoy thing if you make up your mind firmli that you will
compani gonna make money on bottl water! nobodi tell nothing! phosphorusdisast
hillaryforprison2016  she' a tyrant. vote trump . classifi inform at risk. hillaryclintonforpresid trumpforpresid
"sorry, cash onli worstpaineverin3word"
bs 
the most hate man in america billionair georg soro is reportedlyhold a three day convent in washington D… 
1_hoof_heart patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
"My father work there, I couldn't believ till the end thi is happen to me…i miss him   my911stori"
pence: trump believ u.s. should suspend syria refuge program  polit
trump make rare n.j. appear saturday to talk about terror 
"If russia did hack, how should obama retaliate?  news |  "
thingsyoucantignor It drive my mom nut when someon doesn't answer their phone. she can't ignor a ring phone no matter who' it is.
'sharia law should be ban in the unit states..' ~ sheriff david A. clark 
"pleas spread the stori of danneywilliams, the secret son of bill clinton "
ihavearighttoknow how much of my tax money go to the politicians’ pockets? 
alway there for her kid momin5word midnight
hillaryclinton stop lying!
I can't answer..i can't answer..i can't answer..i can't answer..that' anoth form of lying! 
"'I won't take the pope' advic on climat change,' say jeb bush 2016elect"
just a reminder: rapistbillclinton wa almost impeached! 
"rot2gruen ""ehe für alle""? ist damit - durch die hintertür - vielleicht auch die ehe mit kindern gemeint um den neubürgern entgegenzukommen?"
"the more one pleas generally, the less one pleas profoundly.  – krister stendahl"
thi pic is just anoth slap to the lie media! pleas spread it!alllivesmatt 
merkel sieht super au merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
womensequalitydayhillari support this! 
"nsuprozess anklag fordert zschäpe' verurteilung al mittäterin gibt kein ideen, die mord rechtfertig können!"
сoincidence? 
obama say kaepernick exercis constitut right on anthem  polit
"5 minist sind von der cdu, es ist ihr erfolg! merkelmussbleiben"
won't stop talk head drunkband midnight
"insid ozo, nokia '  s audaci plan for it VR futur"
don't Go fetch waterfal dogsong midnight
"trump: ""big business, elit media, and major donor are line up behind my oppon becaus she' their puppet"""
"believ of jesu be denounc satan on everi level, but everi halloween they’r dressin’ like devils.  – kr one"
ihaveadreamthat liber and consrv live in peac and left us normal peopl alone!
thanksobama for show me that black racism is real
"ashley bell, in defens of raw languag at donald trump ralli  |  "
"""demolit tan"
michel obama join mourner at gwen ifill' funer  
🔴amaz bike skills!🔴 like If you think thi is cool!🔴sorri for not post a lot🔴 
nytim that terrible!
"oh, that` me))) "
thingsidontwantoncamera unsolicit dick pic
"he' not perfect, but he' all I want."
thingsyoucantignor when you are smoke a cigarett on the toilet and the fire fall in your lap (trust me on this)
"nobodi like irritative, but I just wanna be love"
2016 republican nation convent anyth but convent  |  
midnight cum bradi sexysport
"it' all wrong, it' all right"
"трамп в четверг дал интервью, которое транслировалось телевиденьем, спонсируемым кремлем "
"topvideo biden say trump is ""the definit of the abus of power"" "
chant moor - love' taken over  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
the greatest gift in life is to be remembered.  – ken venturi
just to play with me
dun_dil nasseritali redskinrey1991 you'r so hot!
clinton: trump campaign one long insult to vet  news |  
wanna hear a joke?
video: blacklivesmatt thug keep an elderli man from cross the street on a 90 degre day😡 
I love pin-up! 
"famili of seth rich, slain dnc staffer, call for end to conspiraci talk "
tofeelbetteri get my duck in a row. 
have a relax discuss about trump with anoth family' kid thingstodoinawaitingroom
"An endless list: gennif flowers, kathleen willey... "
It is not ignor but knowledg which is the mother of wonder.  – joseph wood krutch
watch: clinton give concess speech  
god lead us to where we are need the most.
neverhillari tcot ccot wakeupamerica sign thi petit to keep her out of the white house!tp://wh.gov/ife5w 
right through the gate of the past and i'm final free true love
thingsdonebymistak the gun control law in chicago
icelebratetrumpwith sleep pills. wake me up in 4 years?..
"jennif lopez join clinton on concert stage in miami, urg support for ‘first femal president’  polit"
humoritarian what' wrong with thi country?!
... 
trumpral in chicago wa cancel becaus of hillary' campaign incit violence... our countri deserv bette… 
"yeah... sure hillaryrottenclinton is winning.... onli in ""cemeteryvotes"" trumpforpresid"
everi time I see how liber react on confederateflag I want to send them back to school for histori lessons! 
istandwithrussia endusuri blacklivesmatt jew demand expel christian out of palestin  via wordpressdotcom
4wordgreatidea give yourself To jesus.
"lebron lead call to end gun violence: lebron jame and fellow nba stars carmelo anthony, ...  cleveland sport"
sie kann in hitzigen debatten die gemüter beruhigen. merkelmussbleiben
whi can't we all be colorblind? let' push forward not fall backwards. oscarhasnocolor oscar 
obama did not attend hi daili intellig brief even after the terrorist attack in benghazi!benghazireport 
giuliani: 'hillari clinton owe the american peopl an apology'hillarysemail 
thingsthatshouldbecensor 
clever_dov sad but true
"If you can see the posit side of everything, you'll be abl to live a much richer life than others.  – celestin chua"
"sie kann persönlich zeigen, ohn privat zu werden. merkelmussbleiben"
 .drorlytaitzesq allenwest judgejeanin theboltreport tcot nra ccot realdonaldtrump 
read: full text of tim kaine' speech at dnc 2016
pokémon of the planet of the ape japanamovi midnight
"congratulations, my friends!"
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are look at the stars."
howtoloseyourjob ghost your work becaus hashtag game ain't gonna play themselves.
hack email prove👇 that hillari wa arm isi 
"went to the gym, saw those pump up guys…i`m better inside!"
tasmanian idol maketvshowsaustralian midnight
".ingrahamangl on impact of democrat win the election: ""onc they have the courts, it' over."" "
idfg what step have been taken to elimin the threat of total water contamin with phosphorus?!
"all I know is when I wa a kid, I had had dog name oscar, and he wa white oscarhasnocolor oscar "
"zwei deutsch frauen im irak in haft. sie sind terroristinnen, aber da sind sowieso schrecklich nachrichten... IS"
"wherestrump probably, hunt for hi statues? "
let' rock! 
trump win missouri✔️ 
that' exactli my point!tcot pjnet 
stopislam refuge are isi spi islamkil
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
polit trump campaign rais $80m in juli
joy share with other are more enjoy
where' my valentine?valentinesdayin3word
"the key is to keep compani onli with peopl who uplift you, whose presenc call forth your best.  – epictetu"
equal law protect equal right ... the best guarante of loyalti and love of country.
"melania trump: As an immigrant, ""no one valu the freedom and opportun of america more than me"" "
not big enough mybedroomin3word
spin the doctor  addabandtoatvshow
"never hold your head down, never say you can't, never limit yourself, and never stop believing."
trump in phoenix: mayor greg stanton to trump: 'extrem rhetor not welcom here'  polit
huge crowd in fort myer arriv to see trump!but the media' silent.. 
"At n.h. rally, trump say he doesn't think clinton is 'all there' "
itsriskyto be an asshol
"all of those protest in ferguson, your hand are cover with blood! copswillbecop fergusonshoot"
md. deleg want howard co. sheriff to resign 
and how everywher you turn i'll be make you wet.. love rap
trump accept republican nomin at party’ convent and vows: 'I will be your voice'rncincl hillari 
hashtag are not your friend 
thingsnottaughtatschool your first real sexual experi will not be with a human being. it' the economi that will clai…
i keep think the allmalereboot tag say allmalerobot
thousand of democrat outsid cleveland switch side to vote for trump.  
while michel obama campaign for hillari american black are wake up and see hillari for who she realli is… 
happi 284th birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 🎊🎉🇺🇸💪 
UK telegraph confirm sealteam6 shotdown taliban trap  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
"llesdreytsich h�tten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  f�r merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel"
💥💥💥💥💥itwasthegreatestspeechever!👏👏👏👏trumpaz
thingspeopleontwitterlik dm' and convers with random people.
dual car bomb kill 31 in northeast syria 
craig' list budgetmovi midnight
foke second presidenti debate: trump’ all-out attack on the clinton for their sexual past  foke
here is the countri die from starvation. can we consid it as a triumph of socialism? 
calipett they'r asshol
look befor you leap
mitchellvii  hrc is go from the white hous to the big house. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
thingstobeashamedof  fall asleep dure your wife
the elf on the shelf pictur thingsyoucantignor
watch: did miss puerto rico mock trump in her miss america monologue? 
the secur guard did a great job to stop the crimin though ban gun won’t solv the problem gardencityshoot
she insert an xbox disc into my ps4. reasonstogetdivorc
corbyn: trump can't offer anyth but rhetor  polit
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl "
"boom💥 reuters: donald trump close 12-pt gap with hillari clinton, now tie "
"trump releas letter from hi doctor, say he take cholesterol-low drug, is overweight  polit"
illeg vs veterans? I know that hillari will tri to pleas undocu rather than our heroes!!!neverhillari 
trump support accus of post death threat on facebook 
"""warum die vereinigten staaten ihr atomwaffen nicht auch einsetzen würden""... gute frage trump 😨😣schuljahr usa"
"homeland secur chairman michael mccaul: In my opinion, quit frankly, hillari clinton ha commit treason! "
"миссисипи, южная и северная дакота, вайоминг, оклахома, канзас и атланта выбирают трампа. нью йорк за хиллари… "
never forget hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
how republican rob portman may derail the trump train in ohio  polit
lastminutegifts2016  A puppy! 
slaveryofspeech imposs to have freedom of speech and not offend peopl
discrimin :-( obama to visit mosque...indiana corpor concern over lack of gay discri...  uniteblu tcot
the unclefath midnight redneckamovi
"missouri deleg to gop convent tri to move past discord, one selfi at a time  polit"
polit how donald trump ha talk about sexual harass
scare the shit out!! If govt would have plan it at all… I feel panic! phosphorusdisast
clinton' top 5 lie of the night!pleas spread!fact check: debatenight debat 
too drunk to even tri cancelplansin5word
ein krise nach der anderen hat frau merkel erfolgreich gemeistert merkelserfolg ohn zweifel!
wasserman schultz won’t open democrat convention: sun sentinel  polit
thank to him everyon ha a vote today happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari 14 foot allig live down by the rive
the Eh team  maketvshowscanadian  midnight
thi idiot said hillari should sue the US becaus she lost. your parent should sue a condom factori for such a set… 
somedayidliketose you again.
halloweenpartytodolist 1. tweet about halloween 2. ??? 3. profit!
i hate when i lose someth and my parent say
"'if donald J. trump owe anybodi an apology, how come hillari clinton doesn't owe the whole countri an apology?"" "
terror fear permeat gop week _ dem bare mention them  news
"who knows, who knows.. "
furiou georg onewordoffbook midnight
"bestusatoday awful, hope the shooter will be caught"
"hussein obama know this, but he' go to let it slide as he help islamist destroy our nation.resignobama "
realdonaldtrump silent major is for you! 
ralli engag in august. big problem for hillary. No enthusiasm at all! 
Am I right? Do they want to get an oscar onli becaus they are black? oscarhasnocolor 
"republican state leaders, polit analyst react to trump’ comment  news"
obama' admir to illeg make me realli sick teapartynew theteaparti patriot tcot  wakeupamerica …
trump will be the greatest job creator!! trump2016 neverhillari 
how I met your mudder midnight cowtv
outerspacemanii: RT bigredeo: . onetoughnerd govricksynd ricksnyd gop gopevil tcot michigan  michigante
"trump attack u.s. foreign policy, polit press corp on state-own russian televis network  polit"
myemmynominationwouldb for never actual look up from my phone to answer ani question
 use info for travel to india!
To live is so startl it leav littl time for anyth else.
breaking: fbi file On hillari clinton’ role In vinc foster suicid have vanish 
"though, he look like a good start "
"trump say clinton' ""deplorables"" remark is disqualifi  stloui"
rip sick of these damn terrorist  prayers4california
the 88th academi award are the most racist ever oscarhasnocolor
kany west rant about tidal-appl 'beef'  money
"not to worry, not to worry. An end to 2016 is gift enough. lastminutegifts2016"
current elect = fubar
"obama and hi daughter visit upshur street book and pleasant pop cafe and market in washington, 11/28/15 "
"shake it, baby! "
peopl who don't finish their pizza. they cannot be crusted. mustbeban
voterfraud: non-american citizen arrest for vote in texa - 5 times‼️ - face up to 20 years.… 
"Of all the properti which belong to honor men, not one is so highli prize as that of character."
"book burn of the month club midnight"""
ksn new poll continu to show strong support for trump in kansa  news
We need to re-american the taco. the fiesta sandwich. We will get hardwork american to come up with a new name. probabletrumpstweet
donald trump' child care deduction: how would it work?  |  
"donald trump: ""these attack in mn, nyc &amp; NJ and mani other were made possibl b/c of our extrem open immigrati… "
newt gingrich to megyn kelly: 'i'm sick &amp; tire of peopl like you' lol 
donald trump call hillari clinton a bigot dure mississippi ralli (video) 
MT jphilman0206: tedcruz - principl conservat dedic to the american people.  cruzcrew pjnet scprimari
kissagingerday I am readi for all your kiss 😘😘😘 
trump Is No laugh matter to some late night comic  polit
atariosr yeah they just boost the hate around their community!
My opinion of appl  offendeveryonein4word 
"I alreadi look hella ugly, but not be photogen make it even wors"
I think black peopl should invest more on product and stop complain about oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor oscar
the latest: cher bash trump at clinton fundrais 
".realdonaldtrump: ""peopl who work hard but no longer have a voice. I am your voice."" "
so devast to see all thi chao happen send my prayer 😭  prayers4california
foxnew hellmann' throw in towel:   tcot
angela merkel hat kein schuld an anschl�gen: So denkt die mehrheit der deutschen 
schade! clinton laut ärztin fit für präsidentenamt 
islamkil prayforbrussel ❤  stopislam
but christian don't tell other to kill anyon 
michigan: cair shake down dept of correct over sharia meal 
My childrenthinkthat obama is scari
"We cannot chang the card we are dealt, just how we play the hand"
my2017biggesthop to stop be ask for ID at a local liquor store 
8 person respons for kill 9 cop thi past month... let play a game call what do these peopl all have i… 
freddi gray is not guilty! baltimorevsrac
i'm sick of libtard but hillari is even worse! she is pure evil! 
whoomp. where it is?  earthdaysong midnight 
watch wizard of Oz  sync to dark side of the moon thingsinventedwhilehigh
hillaryforprison2016 lol what' this? trumpforpresid 
longtim presid of stevenson univers move up hi retir for health issu  https://t…
drone could soon get crucial medic suppli to patient in need  
us: it is about 6am est - cnn 
I actual want to visit india 
"priceless👌 michael moor get shut down by a chrysler worker from MI  ""trump ha done more for me than ani dem ha done in my…"
some like it hot in the citi addasongruinamovi
smithstoreithsv annaflo35964168 jjauthor yellowjeepjewel chucknelli vetconserv hehe awesom
imtoooldfor die
i`m not do s*t today!
"""you learn in thi busi"
keep the 2a!  teaparti maga 
A soldier tell goodby to hi pass away servic dog friendship 
liber are so afraid of hurt someone' feel that they are readi to forget about our safety! orlandounit 
excus me while I kiss the sky.
flashback: rev. jess jackson prais trump for ‘reach out and be inclusive’ istandfordivers 
amen! 
"our govern did noth to protect us and now everyon is scare the hope die last, I wish befor me!!! phosphorusdisast"
hillari vow to defeat isis. how she can feed it with one hand and beat with the other? debat debatenight
"texas' short messag to obama:p.s.: We actual don't need 'em to answer, we'r alreadi arm well, don't bother! "
thingspeopleontwitterlik intellig and good convers
"what is the opposit of two? A lone me, a lone you"
"If you so awar of our flaws, whi u haven't fix them? 2 term wasn't enough to do that? "
2 minut left if you want a follow!
hummmm....who' in who' pocket..? hillary2016?   imnotwithh 
trump: obama ha to be ‘investigated’ over hillaryclinton’ email server 
obamaswishlistto save potu twitter account 
"demdeb hey america, you can trust me just like these four men did. hillaryforprison2016 begazi  demdebatemiami"
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s.""deb"
midgard stonedcomicbook
the new rider of the purpl sage adventur of old christina
"sheriff D. clarke: ""I would like To make someth veri clear, blue live matter in america"" rncincl batonroug "
peace...and....quiet....bliss potuslasttweet
rip thi california terrorist attack is sickening...  prayers4california
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
"hillari clinton diagnos with pneumonia, doctor say "
bill clinton ralli in la vegas. dickingbimbo 
I love it! 
it' final official: u.n. say black peopl have the full right to demand repar for slavery… 
man scale trump tower in new york citi want meet with realdonaldtrump 
 it` about me((
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm boy get over fanci shit, start think about pave your futur to be the brightest"
fbi probe dnc email hack  news |  
"If you don't like her, that mean you have problem."
"but everi time I tri to move on, you'r right there."
😂 
imagin the morn after trump wins! liberalprivileg tear will be so tasty! 
. hillaryclinton ask who she pray for. the answer is herself. hillari pray she doesn't end up in prison  demdebatemiami
"acht millionen menschen in D. dürfen nicht wählen, weil sie keinen pass haben. und da ist normal! keinewahl"
hungary’ anti-mass migrat orban: creat ‘giant refuge city’ In africa 
islamistheproblem  jackpot180 prayforbrussel
fuckher 
it' not what happen To you
I turn my can`t into can and my dream into plans!
ain't it the damn truth 
igetdepressedwhen a toenail punctur a sock.
clinton spokesman say she’ll rejoin campaign trail thursday  news
sometimestwittermakesm want a genocid
michaelcalvert9 exactly. nobama
foke hillari clinton 'hates' presid obama for defeat her in the 2008 elect  foke
michigan legisl allow adopt agenc to reject lgbt parent 
josh smith' dunk got dwight pumped. 
angela merkel hat kein schuld an anschlägen: So denkt die mehrheit der deutschen 
all that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is found on our thought and made up of our thoughts.
"schausten hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel"
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""do you have ani gray poupon?"""
today it’ harri truman’ 132nd birthday! happybirthdayharrytruman 
thingstoknowabouttwitt retweet everyth
"""it is the democrat parti that is the parti of slavery, the parti of jim crow &amp; the parti of opposition."" ~ trump "
"experi is a good school, but the fee are high."
republican silent As pres. obama give our soldier their biggest rais In 5 year 
the eh? team maketvshowscanadian midnight
thingsyoucantignor  women with spectacl and men without testicl
everybody' favorit all time sport  makesexawkwardin5word
stopislam I don’t want to pay tax which would be spend on welfar for isi terrorist islamkil
"We need never be asham of our tears, for they are rain upon the blind dust of earth, overli our hard hearts. -charl dicken"
stopislam terrorist attack in europe? surprised? i'm not... islamkil 
thi is whi we need blacklivesmatt 
catfish fishtv midnight
japanamovi midnght gone with the divin wind
the kroq  californiamovi midnight
secondhandgift promis
betteralternativetodeb illeg speed deport 
cnet: new 'ghostbusters' imag reveal charact in action - cnet  tech tcot
bullyuzi No gun for criminals! 
hillari use race to pander &amp; divid for votes. donald trump want To make america great for all!nbcnewsforum 
"mitch mcconnell, “we need A new president, donald trump”  "
somedayidliketose my own brain.
yeropinion aaaand?
mfore0142 jjmicka who?
let' get thi votetrump to trend!!  trumpforpresid 
artist photoshop amaz tattoo onto random celebr
donald trump meet with mexican presid enriqu peña niet...  | 
stopislam the syrian refuge are not welcome. muslim cannot coexist with other cultur islamkil
W is the worst presid we'll ever ever ever have. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit
deadliest scratch cattv midnight
So hypocrit and ignor to call our polic racist. when white is kill by polic mass media keep silent. 
.drunkband .midnight the plasteredmat
ask berni who’ go to pay for all the free stuff demdeb demdebatemiami
sometimestwittermakesm happy... and most of the time stress !!!
"habt einen wunderbaren donnerstag, mein lieben! "
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl "
who in their right mind would want to regurgit these 2 pathet lowlif to wh? 
I just wanna be the one to remind you what it is to smile. I would like to show you what true love can realli do.
hillari clinton hate for sale on the street of cleveland  polit
aftertrumpimplod he rise up again stronger than ever before. becaus you can't stump the trump! 
"well, at least she'll win someth today. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid"
giftideasforpolitician someth you'v stolen in walmart
"""clinton is the most corrupt major parti candid in history."" ~ newt gingrich "
robert “lavoy” finicum known as the “tarp man” wa kill in a shootout yesterday with the fbi at oregon standoff 
"So turn the bass up like crazi and let yourself go, let yourself go"
reallifemagicspel d-cupu - make your opinion more valuabl
"mattlauerdebatequest what happen to the border fenc that biden, clinton, and obama vote for 10 year ago? "
"""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."" "
trump to stump in philli on friday for african american vote 
obama pass torch to clinton and prepar to run for legaci  polit
all I want is the tast that your lip allow.
No camera allow mybedroomin3word
approv rate of trump' execut ordersmak america great again!maga 
video: mccain stop interview over trump  
makemehateyouinonephras I don't feel like netflix and chill tonight 
trump to Be disruptor vs. clinton insid tonight: conway  polit
«success is the child of audacity.» benjamindisra
idontneedacostumebecaus all of the top costum seem to be realli offens thi year 😩
3wordsbetterthanilovey brexit is cancel
"know guns, no crime. No guns, know crime guns4ni"
sometimestwittermakesm want to continu be me.  which isn't a good thing.
christmasaftermath feel nauseat at mariah carey' voic
pick the one you hate most! but don't forget who' the real evil. If you know what I mean...but sure you know it! 
trump say he 'got out' of stock market  money
thingsnottaughtatschool how to avoid drama 
"me, left in a room of marijuana, with a lighter and pipe. thingsmoretrustedthanhillari"
"willabray5286 bladesout2011 yup, now that we have a real presid we may not be afraid to defend ourselv"
"dance, you fucker, dance, you fucker"
stonedcomicbook mari jane
wakeupamerica hillari campaign in one pictur 
betteralternativetodeb scari movi marathon
the averag short  videostellar budgetmovi
"topnew In slap at trump, some wealthi republican campaign for clinton"
"I use to go hike earlier, I miss it! "
thi woman will do anyth for money! teapartynew hillari killari nohillari 
guns4ni stop thi bs. A presid that spicul on people' death to push a law he want to establish isn't trustworthi
trump IS total right! look what’ happen At vote machin everywhere… 
think of the posit of our new command in chief...and have 5.5 second leftov otherthingstodoin6second
british lawmak ask obama to let hack suspect face trial in UK  news
warren: trump ha 'dark and ugli soul'  polit |  
somedayidliketose trump use as a piñata
that' all you have to know about crookedhillari fight for women right and equality. neverhillari 
how will the loss of green bay packer wide receiv jordi nelson affect green
"I need to live my own life, follow my own path. I wish for thing to change, and that' the problem. –merida (brave)"
nice one! they onli inject they'v got so far are those of radic muslim demand shariah law in the uk.… 
"pope, obama meet at the white hous with thousand watch"
make america great again getmyattentionin4word 
husband and gigolo  weirdthingstobuyonlin
local gov. kasich promot better polic commun relat
"the latest:  dem clinton, kain start bu tour in oh, PA  polit"
black dahlia
"🚨""we have to stop our job from be stolen from us"" - donald trump debatenight debates2016 "
watch: just 1 min 21 sec of a normal day in an english city..i don't want thi in america!multiculturalism🚫 
"midnight addcartoonstohistory"""
"sometim your friend are your lovers, or have been at one time."
ginsburg on trump comments: 'I regret make them'  |  
"Je savai qu’en russi le président poutin est un vrai homme, mai le autr sont aussi ador iwd2017… "
secondhandgift pantsuit 
bullet stop balloon 
qu'ran To you makemusicreligi
eat pie for breakfast easterin4word
secret servic doesn’t want trump go to ufc fight  
derrick rose - clinch crossov nbaballot 
"realdonaldtrump trumpdc thank you, donald"
I don`t need anyon but him! 
what is aleppo? rejecteddebatetop
"""the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut down!""~trump "
new trump ad: hillari is a threat. We must vote trump and take them down!rt the hell out of it! 
wow! what donald trump jr. did when He saw a woman in need just surpris everyone!  
blacklivesmatt thug have defac a trump hotel.. must be hillari voters... 
friendshipin5word I think we need a threesom
it' all right let yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
"good morning, fellow americans! have a good day, god bless everi american soul! "
"""I have no doubt the nation media is tri to rig thi elect with their bias coverage."" ~ mike_p"
Do you agre with realdonaldtrump that a temporari ban should be institut on muslim enter the country.
look at these poor women and children from the middl east flood europedon't you have heart?!let these innocen… 
oscarsoblack whi not??? oscarhasnocolor
I don`t care what other peopl say about you
makemusicreligi An opu dei in the life
"5-10 year later – if we continu thi policy, there would be no middl class at all: we’ll all becom the poor. "
I am rejecteddebatetop 
"idrunforpresidentif I don't receiv a letter from hogwart by 2020. you have 3 more years, bastard"
all black peopl should particip in those march selmatomontgomery1965 
"for donald trump, project emerg as top campaign tactic "
whi don't hi dad sue radic islamist for creat a pattern (like homemad bombs) which is basic whi hi son… 
peopl alway talk about obstruction obama faced. but the path to destruct is clear for trump?
"Un croqui vaut mieux quun long discours.fr., A pictur is worth a thousand words. quotingirl iamonfir"
"look like fun, like a muddin sturgi way down in south florida. "
former presid bill clinton in cleveland ask ohio to vote  polit
icalledthenorthpoleand they said that they'v alreadi fulfil my wish by make trump the presid 
islamkil yeah and 2 of those refuge ignit bomb at the boston marathon you moron! norefugeeswelcom  brussel
make america great again! gopdebatesc
jelli of the month club.      lastminutegifts2016
blacklivesmatt activist celebr death of polic offic after batonroug shooting. disgust 
deaf leppard retireasongorband
"I close my eye and listen to my soul, do it everyday"
thingsyoucantignor dog poop at the bu station right next to you.
sanford and hudson athleticstvshow
MT texasshebandit: A vote for tedcruz is A vote for conservatism.  cruzcrew pjnet
jandhob can you pleas not cast that?
liber support gay and muslim who behead them at the same time. are they bipolar or what? teapartynew 
trump propos ideolog screen for immigr  polit
keep headphon in ear at all times. survivalguidetothanksgiv
thingsyoucantignor thi 
michael moor hold clinton ralli in trump countri 

everi obama' &amp; hillary' attempt to stop trump fails. peopl are final see who they realli are!trumpacandi 
where can I find a schedul of event like this? are there ani in california?  
I marri My cousin vinny.  midnight redneckamovi
U wanna come right now???? 😂😂 
did the clinton foundat person enrich barack and michel obama?  
addasongruinamovi pose to bee movi
"„wenn wir atomwaffen haben, warum setzen wir sie nicht ein?“ amerikan dürfen ja alles!😉 trump "
todaycleveland good. the fucker wa danger
makemusicreligi chiorstart
myemmynominationwouldb sound edit for my wire tape call
breaking🚨project verita part 3dnc scheme about get men to bulli women at a trump rally!… 
banjo versu the volcano redneckamovi midnight
"two day after the debate, trump respond to clinton’ comment on implicit bia  polit"
"hillaryclinton ""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl"
"goodby without reason is the most pain one, love without reason is the most beauti one."
"live stream: donald trump ralli in dimondale, michigan 8/19/16 live trump speech MI"
"islamkil refuge refus fingerprinting, photos, databas in general, thi is a problem brussel"
wtf??? 
is it racist to prefer good movi over bad movies? oscarhasnocolor 
"kasich: trump may find It ‘really, realli difficult’ to win ohio  polit"
lastminutegifts2016  it' cheaper than a movi ticket and twice as funni as titanic!  
polic arrest man who say he destroy trump' star on walk of fame 
donald trump' shift immigr statement  polit
"progress critic pence’ record, and shout into the void  polit"
ruinadinnerinonephras where would you like to have a dinner tonight? 
ymca host healthi kid day thi weekend  news
the latest elect poll tracker: here' who' lead the race now 
"trump: support network for radic islam in u.s. will be removed—""vici if necessary"" "
lebron jame endors hillari clinton 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""you'r pretti smart."""
thi night will end too soon
person I want hillari to stay in the race so trump can beat her at the polls.clintoncollaps hillaryshealth 
"trump test new messag on colleg affordability, a key issu for clinton  polit"
thi is donald trump with rosa parks. thi is imag of true racist accord to liber 
whi must peopl do thing like brussel attacks? Do you have ani idea about it? islamkil
At my age I can't tell if femal are laugh with me or at me. what do I do? ihavearighttoknow
new disput about sell weapon to arabs! gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
maga  trumpforpresid
read it if you have doubt who to vote for
attentät von hurghada soll is-mitgli gewesen sein isi 
hate it 
save your money. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
meangirlsrul on monday you must show boob to everi black cat you meet  motivationmonday
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
"some ticket cancel to gov. john kasich' announc of hi presidenti bid, media outlet report: while th...  C…"
joe perry!!!!!!! 
I still feel jada is onli boycot caus her husband wasn't nomin  oscarhasnocolor 
oneletteroffsport junior succer: 
hillari clinton say colin powel told her to use privat email. and it' bush' fault. 
"cleveland, a fractur city, an apt place for gop convent  news"
realdonaldtrump molest 
the name of a peac protest who shot a man yesterday at the univers of washington hasn't been revealed. cov… 
donat to clinton foundat fell by 37 percent. seem like they'r go to get broke. thi time for real!… 
foke eric trump say hi dad will '100 per cent' accept elect result if they are fair  foke
up to my neck in pain summer
melissa mark-viverito lead 500 protest to trump tower  
cruz spark firework at gop convent  polit
"If you ever feel stupid just remember, there are peopl who actual think hillaryclinton would be a good presid "
cnn Do your job! cover iran scandal!
"""I will do everyth to protect our lgbtq citizen from the violenc of a hate foreign ideology.""~ donald trump "
"sexysport midnight footbal is alreadi pretti sexy, becaus they talk about penetr in the backfield."
  CA
trump ralli in selma:on of hi biggest crowd of deplorables! they stood in line for 5hr just to see the nest P… 
terrencegentri I hope he'll get what he deserves. No place for racism in america!
« No untroubl day ha ever dawn for me. » seneca
look like hillari wa wire for sound on the debatenight 
neverhillari democratsdestructionofamerica hillaryliarxinfin trump2016 maga tcot ccot…  trumpforpresid
warfareww 
everyth they want is a nuclear weapon! even kerri forgot it! kerrydosmth
trump2k16 letsmakeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
Or wednesday hashtag game is about to begin 
sushi' gotta have It midnight japanamovi
lifelong democrat are now vote for donald trump  votetrump reuter googl berni sande… trumpforpresid
thefirst100daystodolist hillari for prison 
wir werden unseren erfolgreichen weg in der europapolitik weitergehen merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
"good job, man! "
clinton rip trump on 'birtherism' befor hispan group 
correl not found 
herrenloserhund wie sch�tzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
zwei deutsch bei messerattack in ägypten getötet hurghada 
thingstoknowabouttwitt my potu talk directli to me - F cnn and it' bs report / that' the real trend
that D rose block (csn/nba leagu pass) 
rip I stand with california prayers4california
don't let your heart be fill with sorrow for all you know tomorrow the dream that you wish will come true. –cinderella
"meghan mccain: ""there' blood on obama' hand for pull us out of iraq &amp; the damag that' been done w/ isis."" "
thanksobama you have done more for the unit state than ani presid in term of kill peopl and destroy the economi
paul ryan weather hi primari but gop’ populist storm still rage  polit
ani democrat that vote for hillari clinton is a mindless idiot...it' hillary' words.… 
fbi say a laptop that held clinton’ e-mail ha gone miss  polit
blacklivesmatt is a hate group &amp; must be banned! RT if you think the same!alllivesmatt 
"I want to forget about you, but a part of me insid just wont let me... dailyteen"
If we want to destroy isi whi don't we sent obama to be their president? trump2016 
aber wir haben kein gute altern für merkel 
the real fast-track threat by dick morri   via 3tags_org pjnet
the scarlet sweater makeabookwarm
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
topvideo dnc chair resign follow email leak 
"dear liber media who set asid all standards, morals, honesti and digniti to smear trump, you lost. game over. trumppressco…"
"topvideo clinton, trump vie for world leaders' attent at u.n "
my2017resolut tri to get healthier while still set new record in alcohol consumpt
I wonder whi nobodi can prove me it’ not about race? oscarhasnocolor
tuesday fourteen februari  valentinesdayin3word
2 group pull kirk endors follow hi remark about duckworth’ parent 
the second is the basket of deplorables😉 
cdu und fdp unterzeichnen koalitionsvertrag in nrw
In hamburg lassen vermummt nun friedenstauben fliegen. link leben offensichtlich in einer parallelwelt
rejectedtrumptvshow terribl stupid thing
honorforthebrav our law wa made to protect everyon accept those who are intend to commit a crime
we'r gonna need a bigger goat. midnight onewordoffmoviequot
 coool!!!
our govt use dictatori method baltimorevsrac
i said go music
whi rand paul won't fight 2016elect
My mama
"vielen dank an unser unermüdlichen sicherheitskräfte!schönen morgen, mein lieben 😚g20hh2017 nog20 hamburg"
"If you can't stop dream about her when you'r sleep all alone, well that' all you need to know. chrisyoung"
russia said to extend EU food ban to retali for sanction
had to tell your mom and sister to cool it (oh-hooo!) love rap
icelebratetrumpwith chocol
I love the snow but I hate drive in it.  ilove__butihate__
A singl text can chang my mood at ani moment. dailyteen
cleveland cavali win best game espy: the cleveland cavali won the best game espi awa...  cleveland sport
countri first superheropresidentialslogan
pope franci ticket still avail for SC resid
inferno. (cuz global warming) summeramovi midnight
"when realdonaldtrump donaldtrump said ""what do you have to lose?"" to black people...uhmmm our live you scab "
gift card all around !lastminutegifts2016
i'll be happi when all homeless veteran get health insur and find home internationaldayofhappi 
obamalegaci isi in the US 
"""if we'r will to accept hillari clinton' level of dishonesti in our leaders, we'r doomed."" ~ dr. ben carson… "
wikileak director &amp; assange' mentor gavin macfadyen die 3 day ago 
"trump, threaten nearli a dozen sexual assault accusers, vow to sue  polit"
"osama bin laden, the independent, 1993eurasia, eastasia...who rememb now, right? "
father Of the bride Is hi daughter  redneckamovi midnight
howtoloseyourjob take your game consol in and tell everi custom back off i'm busi
"neverforget that jet fuel melt steel beams, but not passports. "
cruz' full speech miss from rnc youtub channel: the republican nation committe won’t be sponsor an... 
thank you indiana! makeamericagreatagain electionnight 
"dr. carson: ""the chines &amp; russian have hillary' email &amp; would probabl blackmail her""deb"
obama show up in louisiana.  worthless presid who is in cahoot with crimin hillari clinton 
open the ipod bay door hal onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"rudi giuliani: ""hillari clinton sold out our country."" clintoncash "
topnew obama turn focu on u.s. senat race as he campaign for clinton
tim kain say donald trump encourag watergate-lik hack of dnc by russian 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we will honor the american peopl with the truth, and noth else."" "
reasonstoprotest be a pseudo-minor
We cannot becom what we need to be by remain what we are. -max De pree
 I think about master a sword now!
ilove__butihate__  I love an audienc but I hate leav the hous
war and pizza onewordoffbook midnight
"dave chappelle: ""black live matter"" is the worst slogan i'v ever heard! how about ""enough is enough""? vote trum… "
everi sniff you take  dogsong midnight
thingspeopleontwitterlik funni peopl
"ted strickland, dem leader slam rob portman, donald trump: democrat u.s. senat nomine ted strickland on mon...  cleveland polit"
the busi and method of mystic is love. -evelyn underhil
"for louisiana' hillari clinton fans, day 1 of 2016 democrat convent a lesson in empathi  polit"
За август клинтон удалось собрать $143.000.000 
"30 black student were kick out of trump rally. think, who you are vote for"
voter ID law in elect swing state rule unconstitut by appeal court  polit
"hillari goon attack elderli woman hold berni sander signfreedom of speech? no, I haven't heard of it"
itsriskyto demand a high wage for low qualif 
khan on trump feud: 'we want to maintain our dignity'  polit
low blow job sexysport midnight
problem in a relationship are just a test to see if it' worth fight for
"halloween decor with confeder flag, dark figur hang in orang counti community. happyhalloween from r… "
potuslasttweet I wanna stay 
"fergusonrememb but we won't love less, even though we are afraid for those we love in black bodi"
the smash pumpkin  drunkband midnight
No doubt that democrat are fight for toler 
breaking: 2 femal cop stab in belgium with machet by muslim man shout allahu akbar!stop the madness! 
"reallifemagicspel ""avada kebabra"" - instantli teleport you to a nearbi taco bell when hungri "
myemmynominationwouldb outstand comedi watcher
talkgunsensehow to irrit obama. 
wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 
outrage! blacklivesmatt protest tri to interrupt trump talk about tragedi with mother who lost their kids! 
my2017biggesthop to find a husband like thi 
drudge_report and he' right
"""whi am I still awake"" a memoir about my life"
thi is what democraci look liketrumpriot 
"midnight oop -- typo -- ""cornholer"""
read glasses. lastminutegifts2016
I like phonecal more than text makemehateyouinonephras
game Of moan maketvsexi
senjeffmerkley are our kid protect when there` that leakag of phosphoru in our city?!
"superiority, thi is what they need.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv "
hillaryclinton thi isn't a normal elect sinc you'v been allow to run.
после республиканской конвенции меланья трамп пропала из виду 
"give everi man thi ear, but few thi voic"
texa judg temporarili block obama' transgend direct  stloui
let’ make america great again together! RT if you care!crookedhillari imwithh  
whi bill clinton' past scandal are still relevant: darci cartoon galleri  polit
our societi is not readi to take such respons as legal marihuana junkieu
sie findet immer die richtigen wort merkelmussbleiben
total mistak dude! never do like that 
i’m sick of accus with no real facts! copswillbecop
"andthenishouldhavesaid ""get back in bed, let' party. get back in bed, let' sleep like there' no tomorrow."""
hillaryclintonsearchterm how to get away with crime and get more donat 
clinton on combat terror: “I know how to do this”  news
breaking🚨wikileak email confirm that dem have been birddog sinc 2008 pay peopl to organ violence… 
mr. trump and mrs. clinton will be work to win the vote of these three group 
memor all hamilton lyrics.
trump is nice guy. stop bulli him
break : clinton foundat admit hide a 1 million dollar qatar “gift” from state depart officials… 
andthenishouldhavesaid ....mayb I should have answer that 3am call from benghazi?  --- hillaryclinton
reasonstoleaveeu becaus eurozon will eventu collaps and you don't wanna find yourself in ruin
"robothiphop an underr album with nothing, but great rate on itun enjoy my music thank you "
🚨leak email show hillari &amp; soro activ work 2 creat a revolut within cathol church! draintheswamp 
video : trump surg to tie clinton in blue state colorado  
tell your boob to stop stare at my eyes!
whi not?! blackpressday blacklivesmatt blm
"bill clinton sexual abus hi 3rd cousin in their home, with babi chelsea present.. sick! "
islamkil refuge are isi spi brussel
hillari clinton ha a millenni problem in georgia  
‘not my president’: thousand protest trump in ralli across the u.s.  
"here' the person ppl in milwauke were riot forthey also wonder ""whi do you cross the street when you see us"" "
while univers are purg male student of their ‘toxic’ masculin hillary' friend teach their children so… 
"trumpbecaus the american dream is dead, but he' go to make it bigger and better and stronger, than ever befor realdonaldtrump"
"what if I run out of honki tonks, befor I get over her? justinmoor"
did obama cry? lavoy kill by unconstitut feds. read
pleas welcom 45th presid of the unit state of america!makeamericagreatagain 
hang out in bed betteralternativetodeb 
thingstobeashamedof  not vote and then bitch about politics... 
elect day promis to be a marathon 
amaz view! 
"twittercanbeabit hectic but recognise, rt, follow an follow back an send some prop like FF kittykaresless"
paul manafort quit donald trump’ campaign 
thingsnottaughtatschool beer pong
"mother of children kill by illegals: ""I feel hillari clinton will do noth to protect our children!""austin "
warrior californiamovi midnight
Go to bed! whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
merkel und putin bereiten g-20-treffen vor 
mind are like parachutes. they onli function when they are open.
11 of trump' most outrag 'birther' claim  polit
the gop hire black ‘suicid squad’ to save It from trump  | 
mi6 spi found dead in bag in bath had hack clinton data. 
heut wird sich entscheiden wer in denn uswahl16 gewinnen wird hoff von den beiden hilaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
day 2 of gop convent speeches: cnn vet the claim  |  
christmasaftermath receiv a shitload of gift card
whatiwantforchristmasin4word a twitter edit button.
islamkil most american don’t want u.s. to accept ani syrian refugees: poll brussel
"i'm glad that we have good peopl who want to serv their community, but we are all respons for our own well be 2A guns4ni"
melania trump doe not believ husband’ accus  news
sometimesitsokto just buri them in the back yard 
foke trump 'made women walk on restaur tabl to see whether they were wear underwear'  foke
"topvideo trump: ""hillari threw her under a bus"" "
imtoooldfor protest 
new slogan for oscar 2016 - No black peopl allow oscarhasnocolor
ex-wif say trump campaign ceo made anti-semit remark 
hillaryclinton liar!
breaking🚨bomb threat in utah! swat team gear up at citi hall.. 
Do you think thi is street art or a caus for alarm?realdonaldtrump 
myemmynominationwouldb for my outstand perform in housew from hell
"trump, pageant contest say he walk in on them chang "
trump reveal few detail on “extrem vetting” of immigr  news
brutal: 10.000 geschlachtet tier beim hundefleisch-festiv 
clinton lead trump 51%-41% in quinnipiac poll  polit
"thetroublewithaddict is that we consid ""club nights"" to be the highlight of our week, know that our sober brain hate clubs."
the bolt olympictv 
hillary' support watch the debat 
born To Be style fashionsong midnight
re-brand 'al-nusra' is grant airtim by cnn. trace hillari in 3 step trump2016 
toavoidworki hide my head in the sand like an ostrich
great krypton! (superman)
will you stop bitch and let the man work?fixinghealthcar 
'stay worried': obama urg dem to take trump serious  polit
trumpspeechinfourword i'm your next president! 
plot of die hard hidden in sourc code of jeb bush' websit 2016elect
wtf is that?? Is thi america or iraq?muslim US armi captain allow to wear turban 
"topvideo penc say clinton' ""basket of deplorables"" comment disrespect "
oregon polic were shock that peopl were kill by someon else… 2A gunviolenceoregon
you’ll miss the best thing if you keep your eye shut
humoritarian what wa he think about?
thi explain everyth 
icelebratetrumpwith start to build the wall
the violenc against protest is simpli anoth proof of injustic in our countri baltimorevsrac
bill clinton: hillari Is ‘feel great’  polit
less than zero carb  californiamovi midnight
russel wilson phillip sexysport midnight
"I don't care who' behind the dncleak - russians, chines or your evil ex. what matter is what it show us tcot "
"trumpbecaus when you are wrong repeatedly, the worst thing you can do is continu take it – fight back! 😑😌😏"
how donald trump' econom plan stack up: darci cartoon  polit
frank win big in re-do elect for 78th district state repres seat  polit
whi do evangel prefer donald trump to hillari clinton? 
"""the duti of a patriot is to protect hi countri from it' government"" "
 pretti girl!
schulz kackt zum wiederholten male ab 😂😂😂 spd
did bill clinton mention hi impeachment?👇h should! 
buy turkey label x-treme tryptophan plus! survivalguidetothanksgiv
"love is like a butterfly, hold it too tight, it will crush. hold it too loose, it will fli away"
"rep. marcia fudg name perman chair of 2016 democrat nation convention: u.s. rep. marcia fudge, who serv...  cleveland polit"
Oh these white racist trump supporters... smh! 
"what' god got to do with, got to do with it makemusicreligi"
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
trump win louisiana.👌 
icelebratetrumpwith liter of coffee: I don't wanna miss him screw up america
merkel begegnet g-20-kritikern mit umarmungsstrategie. ich versteh nicht warum leut g20gipfel kritisieren 😔
"thi mother"""
"ucberkeley 2017, where freespeech died... "
maketvshowscanadian rcmp 
tofeelbetteri I puff on cloud
2016electionin3word fuck donald trump
bestusatoday trump maybe?
hilari islamist divers ha taken over america courtesi libtard  . trump tcot ccot pegida knedg  
votegreen neverhillari demexit jillnothil imwithjil dropouthillari itsinourhand  trumpforpresid
OH MY god! what trump wrote On thi letter To A pro boxer will make him president!  
pretti divers deplor group of people! liber media don't show them!thegophasbecom 
igetdepressedwhen I log n2 facebook
the second amend belong to us as individu citizens. It doe not belong to a citi or a state tcot 2A  prayers4cal…
"ich glaube, es wird noch ein erfolgreich merkel-may-koalit geben! merkelmussbleiben"
midnight dogsong doge-ni in a bottl
rejecteddebatetop what medicin do you use to deal with arthriti
lastnightwassowild I woke up wear fur coat and hug a samurai sward (true story)
interest and well made! 
I like thi soo much *_* 
sheriff joe arpaio' campaign tout strength go into gener elect 
"RT !"""
donald trump propos expand 'school choice' dure visit to cleveland charter school  polit
where magic happen mybedroomin3word
"By believ passion in someth that doe not yet exist,w creat it  – niko kazantzaki"
dreams_on_pap 
clinton celebr her 69th birthday on the campaign trail  news
.genflynn: the thing we are see in the wikileak email are disgusting.. 
iknewweweredoom when we use the emerg brake 
"analysis: clinton, trump tax plan are ""mirror images"" "
olafscholz ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
"sometimestwittermakesm  want to die becaus of all the sh*ti updat and chang over the years, at least I can still see pictur now. :|"
gop kingmak sheldon adelson continu to snub donald trump  polit
"ben carson ha someth to say about hillary' constant lies!please, spread! "
"If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, don't blame the mirror. quot true"
gop convention: california deleg tear into ted cruz  news
the moment when refuge are treat better than US citizen buildthewal 
god bless america! 
Do gun free zone realli work? 
"clinton, trump look to overcom weak on debat stage "
trump suggest major shift on deport  via news |  
don't Go breakin' My harp makemusicreligi 
"547 regensburg domspatzen sind missbraucht worden, 67 auch sexuell. warum gott erlaubt das...😥"
"On time: januari 1, 2017  "
At least some word of wisdom... teapartynew theteaparti polit 
the wizard of ozark redneckamovi midnight
"there is no differ how you open that beer, you gonna sip it"
swimmin' in the reservoir dog summeramovi midnight
thingsnottaughtatschool wine-choosing. I liter had to tri all the worst wine myself
"trump apolog for ‘foolish’ comment about women, then attack the clinton  polit"
trump vow to undo eas cuba relat unless hi demand met  polit
senat decis reject obama veto of 9/11 victim lawsuit bill 
who got that juice? 
I just publish “madam presid electionday myvote2016” 
If you wanna feel safe just make sure that polic is somewher near honorforthebrav
My internationaldayofhappi 
2016electionin3word I am terrifi
blue' clue (da Ba dee) dogsong midnight
it’ time to get rid of immigr gopdeb vegasgopdeb 
"'caus time ha made me strong, i'm start to move on"
today knowledg ha power. It control access to opportun and advancement.  – peter drucker
meg whitman: i'm vote for hillari clinton  |  
"reallifemagicspel ""do you rememb what day it is?"" - use by girlfriend to make you feel guilti"
hillaryclinton campaign accus fbi of 'blatant doubl standard' 
MT jstines3: voter oppos zippy' eo-rend gun control! note: AP still give O a halo! tcot  cruzcrew pjnet
nocybercensorship today' world day against cybercensorship.
ruinadinnerinonephras I total support freeble movement
"you don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great - joe sarah quot"
hillari is the most dubiou candid hillarynothnx
"god, thi guy on the apprentic is insufferable. I can't wait until we never see him on TV again. tweetsfrom10yearsago mi…"
igetdepressedwhen peopl don't understand my joke
"trump campaign: No intent, motiv for improp chariti payment  polit"
get some money nigga my4wordnewyearsresolut
who lie more: clinton or trump? 
"ilove__butihate__ I love pot , but I hate peopl who goober up a joint"
esophagu spasam attack worstpaineverin3word
"""what' go on with hillari clinton – there is no justic in thi country. zero."" ~ donald trump "
cancelplansin5word I don't realli like you
when I vote for prison I vote crookedhillari when I vote for presid I vote trump trumptrain trump2k16 trumpforpresid
tweetsfrom10yearsago lebron will never leav cleveland ever!! midnight
america 1962: we'r go to the moon!america 2017: build a wall is impossible!tcot pjnet 
there are thing that are normal for one peopl but unaccept for othersand we sure that itsunacceptableto mis… 
My person thingsinventedwhilehigh
polic statu memori fallen offic in virginia vandalized. thi is despicable.. 
"trump: clinton could shoot someone, not get prosecut  polit"
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
famili of jordanedward seek justic they say...
clever_dov thi is a big step!
cdu: wir sagen „nein“ zum hass gegen juden merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
"mein glückwünsche an daniel günther, den neuen ministerpräsidenten von schleswig-holstein!  viel erfolg! cdu gewinnt!"
guess the countri and what the kid is write 😅 
john kasich make no mention of trump in speech to michigan deleg  news
stop 👮 brutality! emojiaweekend
mooni river makemusicreligi
overheardatrnc midnight I think trump jr. plagiar someth besid hi speech. 
youtubechannelsine nerd cat 
obama' foreign polici trump2016 
I think it' safe to assum that these otterbox phone case are pretti tough. mashc 
liber univers build “black only” live space to promot “scholarship”  tcot
.hillaryclinton potu ahow can we trust u when you let 4 patriot die?  neverhillari   trumpforpresid
iq&lt;80 = clinton.  &gt;80 = trumppence16 americafirst   trumpforpresid
internationalfriendshipday big bank and militari industri complex have the strongest friendship in the world. 
let alway be stupid. forever!
"We use to talk for hours, but now you'r imposs to make convers with. :("
marissaimstrong I think the time ha alreadi passed! We had to do it much earlier!
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
trump ramp up minor outreach with philadelphia visit 
"signsyouareamerican you choos between a liar, a communist and a moron"
edit your life frequent and ruthlessly. it’ your masterpiec after all.
"rose are red, violet are blue…go to the gym!"
bomb threat report at phx gop headquart 
"ye son, you can buy that!! Is there anyth els you want? unlikelythingsheardatwalmart "
ihavearighttoknow how i'v walk 1000 mile
"islamkil obama ha 132 room in the whitehous , let him take in that mani refuge !"
noth in thi world can take the place of persistence.
sign suggest hillaryclinton may be more open to lobbyist in her administr 
midnight  sandshark
joe biden say donald trump Is ‘pain uninformed’  polit
replay: david savard 🚨🚨🚨 cbj 
It appear I am shadow ban for tweet about voterfraud in texas.censorship is veri real.😠thank you for rts! keep fighting💪
trump slam broad array of peopl while speak to a friendli town-hal audienc  polit
igetdepressedwhen peopl with huge talent give up becaus they hit a challeng and don't know what to do
topnew obama cut short prison sentenc for 214 convict
"with eye on west, belaru vote in slightli freer elect  world news"
hillaryaccomplish convinc peopl that she' a feminist. 
my2017biggesthop to eat more bacon 
"""makeabookwarm"
the adventur of darkwang dick problematickidsshow
ireallylikeyoubut you don't seem to see it
midnight hamitil  dumberbroadway
exactly! tcot pjnet 
merkel pocht auf besuchsrecht für nato-stützpunkt konya sommerinterview  
that' how I see liber 
"rejecteddebatetop are you actual the devil, or mere hi servant?"
dncleaks: dnc offici want to use berni sanders’ religi belief against him
merkel unterstützt den krieg im irak mit ramstein al drehkreuz merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
"martindeliu ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
.hillaryclinton run for presid is way more scari than rita repulsa. 
If you ask me... makemehateyouinonephras
"To be fair, thi bodi doubl look pretti accur debat"
"💥💥💥💥la time poll:trump +6 vs dyin' hillary, 19.2% black support for trump "
crookedhillari sold out our countri
trump' tax idea sound borrow from hillari clinton and berni sanders: rep. boustani  news
with hillari more american will be out of work! 
donald trump is catch up to hillari clinton in poll  |  
love is suprem and uncondit
trump haché menu dan un restaur de washington 
the golden girl gone wild allmalereboot
iamonfir her face hahahah 
hillaryclinton struggl to stand while abruptli leav 9/11 memori medicalepisod 
michel obama could be hillari clinton' ace in the hole  polit
pelosi urg media to ignor effort to meddl in u.s. elect  polit
"pam bondi tell rnc that author should ""lock up"" hillari clinton  polit"
richalgeni snope uconn yes!! they'r backtrack becaus they realiz how incred wrong it sound (is) wakeupamerica
it' official: hillari clinton make histori  polit
thingstoknowabouttwitt you can tweet someth so real then someon with more follow say the same thing and the tweet do number
these asshol obvious assum that all white peopl should be elimin hide their own racism behind their ski… 
vice presidenti candid kain and penc debat in farmvil 
lol yep
these 2 are illegals👇! they broke the law!
troopstalk I want crimin have no opportun to buy a gun 
grate bring peac to your life. peopl who practic grate are happier people. Be deliberate. ihq
african-american who support donald trump. juli 2016: 1%septemb 2016: 19%histori made! 
"icantbeurfriendbecaus  idon'tlikeurjerk-offname.i don't like ur jerk-off face,i don't like ur jerk-off behavior... "
cancelplansin5word doomsday bunker lock til 2020
"To rais awar of racism, BC protest sing alt. xma carol  via bcheight &gt; bospoli blacklivesmatt"
trump say He ha a much better tempera than clinton  polit
trump' america 
I wish u would stay longer...light up my life like disney world
icantbeurfriendbecaus I don't trust snake
obama talk about crusad and islamophobia on nationalprayerbreakfast is ok. trump mention a TV show and every… 
acdc sobrieti alphabet test drunkband midnight
bananarama in pajamas.  addabandtoatvshow
"beequilt pretty_redd27 stop pull the race card everi time someth upset you. It doesn't work anymore, can't you see?"
georgia gop call for hank johnson to resign after he liken...  |  
sexysport midnight scoring!
"what a crowd! about 7,000-8,000 peopl scream at the top of their lungs!you will newer see so mani peopl at a… "
realdonaldtrump immigr can look at it through the wall!
thank obama trumpforpresid
"coach K , sometimestwittermakesm , even as g.o.p. pledg repeal , mandela effect , preciateitpimp , alwaysg"
brussel islamkil what will these syrian refuge contribut to the usa? - nothing!!!
empathi can poison your brain.
I am still wait for my privileg check 
trump is alway prepared!th next debat will be like: 
trump' habit of fume over slight come at polit cost 
topvideo conserv counti in u.s. swing state put faith in trump 
garden state    californiamovi
"baby, come hold me tight and when i'm drown save me."
the bush have consist damag the republican parti jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama
the great escap (the pina colada song) addasongruinamovi midnight
america ha been and alway will be a christian nation no matter what dirti libtard say! god bless america!maga 
startup aim to publish real-tim elect result  tech
who els gonna be favorited?
hi hand
realdonaldtrump democrat destroy latino community! trump is the onli hope for thi cnn 
"kevin jackson tell it straight. see detroit, chicago, etc...trumpindetroit "
2A 
wtf is go on here?? 
mysaturdaynightin4word watch thi video now 
I love rose but I hate those thorns.   ilove__butihate__
"reyst frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
screw all these stupid gun control activists! they'r tri TO destroy america! 2A rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
trump' border wall.  thingsinventedwhilehigh
amen! 
the right to speak is one of the most truthful thing in our live slaveryofspeech 
the ugli truth about deb  
breaking: obama open the prison door — again 
topnew trump refus to say whether he will accept u.s. elect result
"charliecalley63 yeah, and it' true becaus you quot me on twitter. that' pretti much how the msm acts, bravo!"
"the thunder for their first nba title? keep up with the team, sign up for bleacher report thunder newslett  – sp"
liber journalist are quick to suggest anyon meet the constitut onli when their own agenda doesn't contradict… 
hillaryclinton mind thi trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
constitut teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
We need to secur our border and make sure that deport illeg won’t come back. makeamericagreatagain 
trump on ford move to mexico: “it' disgrac our politician allow them to get away with it“flint 
thewalkingdeadseasonfinal wa omgggggggg
impeachobama  ccot 
nake trump statu around usa  news |  
realdonaldtrump she' too ill to such trip
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
"for the dead and the living, we must bear witnessholocaustmemorialday "
rejecteddebatetop if pastor in littl mermaid had an erect 
2 stroke girl maketvsexi
shit happens!!!! 
"primari roundup: top stori from tuesday' election: detroit zoo millage, congression race top ...  break"
ificouldntli I wouldn't have a boyfriend
"thingstoknowabouttwitt where is the 'reply' button. Oh wait, there is none."
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
midnight problematickidsshow  the powder snuff girl
hillaryclinton flotu btw I don't rememb melania say anyth like that recently.
just like alway we are act when it' too late. still sign it! nogunsforcrimin
... 
orang is the new blacklivesmatt makeamovieblack
hillari clinton come to the columbu area monday  polit
manual for the US presid 
"islamkil refuge must go home, we have enough problem without them"
"never set limits, go after your dreams, don't be afraid to push the boundaries,"
hmm.. clinton win 12-point lead In poll with 12-point democrat advantag 
worstpaineverin3word hear trump' voic
"what the fuck did I just read?let' just call ani sex ""rape"", ok?it'd be much easier 😕 "
thank obama! potu 
"aujourd’hui sur trocadéro, de fleur ont été distribué et j’en ai eu moi aussi ☺️ journeedesdroitsdesfemmes… "
"A bronx park barbecu turn into a shootout as gunfir erupted, wound five peopl "
 just why?!
Or trump ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
white hous dodg question about kaine' opposit to obama' trade deal: the white hous on monday refused... 
"die usa sind darauf stolz, unser freund zu sein! merkelmussbleiben"
"dora ratjen, a german olymp athlete, who wa arrest on suspicion of be a man in a dress, 1938 "
A govern of law and not of men.
"""america' direction"" hillari arm them and say trump is best recruiter?  Is she kidding? anoth flub from hilla… "
"gallery: clinton, trump squar off in first presidenti debat  news"
If wish had wing they'd all make it to heaven and we'd all be king
"first they ignor you, then they ridicul you, then they fight you, and then you win.  – mahatma gandhi"
trump narrow gap with clinton as republican ralli in clev...  |  
thingsnottaughtatschool thi 
the mighti dick oneletteroffsport
n.y. time endors hillari clinton for presid 
betteralternativetodeb 
thi is the slogan I support 
berni support call out hillari at her own rally- secur drag him off stagethey against hillari even though… 
gopdeb you know that  trump will trump’em allgopdeb vegasgopdeb
"hope one night stand"""
flashback – gennif flowers: hillari clinton an ‘enabler’ who encourag bill to ‘do whatev He doe with women’… 
toavoidworki get myself deported.
you know what' realli disgust and deplorable? allow a terrorist in becaus politics. islamkil brussel
ask steve harvey gameshowhostpickuplin 
the whole world would be a better place if thi wa real.. 
crookedcruz newhampshirefortrump trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
 rude cop assault a homeless man who wa go to visit bathroom in bu terminal. man arrested…
I have never seen thi before! 
poll: clinton lead trump in red state georgia  polit
"stopislam islamkil syrian are not our problem, and there' no doubt some ""refugees"" are isi"
you moan like my cousin  makesexawkwardin5word
obamaswishlist to persuad trump I wasn't born in kenya
anger is the wind which blow out the lamp of the mind. -robert green ingersol quot anger
kerri will be respons if iran got a weapon! kerrydosmth
addabandtoatvshow fritz the cat and the tantrum 
valentinesdayin3word i’m done
"sheriff slam the obama administr ""it time to put american famili first"" "
ihaveadreamthat my cat will stop wake me up at 3 am just becaus she want attent
the onli thing the rooseveltfieldmal shoot prove is that the mall need more qualifi secur guard gardencityshoot
thingsnottaughtatschool how to be a cheap-ass and still look chic
liberallog call peopl uneduc make you educ 
bbcworld goodby obama 
cnn fals report loretta lynch recus herself from the hillari clinton email scandal hillaryemail 
"whydontyoutri look at ""freedom and democracy"" that we bring. "
I wish peopl could understand this! 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾blacklivesmatt civilright 
If you want to offer a new law you have to sing about it a song mycampaignslogan
midnight cowtv mad cow diseas mikkelsen in hannibovin
guns4ni the last thing obama want to take from us is 2A and i'm not gonna let him do it
donald trump call hillari clinton ‘the devil’  polit
"thi is serbia, a christian nation that the clinton bomb to help muslim take over kosovo. (rtvendetta92429) "
"clinton' toughest charg on trump, 'alt-right'  polit"

MT bodybynance: who realli stood up and fought against amnesti and obamacare? tedcruz trust  cruzcrew pjnet
be readi to help showyourlovein4word 
"idrunforpresidentif it would mean endless amount of margarita at me presidenti desk.... all time, everi time!"
good boy sylvillesmith is the thug black live matter is honor in milwauke maga by restor law &amp; order! 
RT if you'r also done with dishonest media!cnnblackout 
"Im sick of all these wannab that are tri to be someon theyr not, just be yourself and have peopl like you for who you are"
danricchezza 😂😂😂
islam' greatest alli is polit correctness. it greatest enemi is truth.trump2016 🇺🇸 
"when you learn, teach"
norleansdaili wow 23 million like nicki minaj' avarag video on youtube!
innoc kids! someonewhokillschildren
"how could you be so doctor evil, your bringin out a side of me that I don't know.  – kany west"
I would rather eat gravel. cancelplansin5word
"be_free_prosp moonbelle9 theusresist and if black live matter support say ""we want dead cops"" it mean ""hand up don't shoot"""
"meet donald trump, king of ‘i’m not sayin’ — i’m just sayin”  |  "
diplomat' mom to trump: stop use son' name  news
all I ask is pleas go out and vote today... unless your vote for hillari then just stay home your vote isn't necessari trumpforpresid
valentinesdayin3word florist on fleek
peopl with doubl digit IQ mustbeban on the internet
the msm embarass itself. american are in touch with their presidentmakeamericagreatagain 
peopl who are pro-censorship just don’t want to know the truth nocybercensorship
"thingstoknowabouttwitt U make new friend iamlakotak, champion an import caus standingrock"
"peg hand whittl by charli sheen"""
momin5word wish to be like her . ???????? 
coldwar20_en fuck gunmen!!
fort fun-verkauf: warum der geschäftsführer schweigen musst 
lostin3word hous on fire
super friend with benefit  problematickidsshow midnight
whenitimetravel will make sure to bring my own vh collect of pornos. 
"for real though, I think we'r fucked. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid"
Is neg good Or bad?  makesexawkwardin5word
i'd rather have bad time with you than good time with someon else.
ismamist help obama to becom a presid and now he' pay them back pplvsisi
thetroublewithaddict is that commiewood and african american can't stop be addict to liber and clintons.
"the word ""bae"" becaus it' aw "
"igetdepressedwhen my ""house"" get a ticket for parking... down by the river! "
If hillari is so famili orient then whi is she for abortion?? hillaryforprison trumpforpresid
todolistbeforechristma  votethevot    theartofthenotdoned
lifewouldbebetterif my grandma wasn’t ill
"contrari to what the media is call it, trump’ comment wa made to highlight the power of vote from support of the 2nd amendment."
"«i’m not upset that you lie to me, i’m upset that from now on I can’t believ you.» friedrichnietzsch"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari kool aid at a jim jone parti
To alway remain myself
I tri to teach nigga how to be king and all they ever want to be wa soldier  – jay-z
what trump and clinton will talk about at the 3rd presidenti debat 
 ouch!
sometimestwittermakesm happi that my work comput come with the twitter app
thi is how american presid should look liketeapartynew 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""spank is wrong."""
"""retweet ceele (ceeleemusic):"
"""you can beg for merci from a violent criminal, hide under the bed or fight back"" - david clark jr. "
i'm fine aka i'm not fine but I don't want to tell you what' wrong…  &lt;/3
.realdonaldtrump don't be fool by msm⚠️ neverhillari shortcircuithillari trumppence16 trumptrain trump maga h… trumpforpresid
my friend are coolest guy ever!!!
iamonfir O lord give me friend that understand me and my feelings. prayeroflif
julian assang say hillari clinton should Be worri about next wikileak releasedncleak  
anoth life ha turn into a hashtag christiantaylor fergusonrememb
strinefeld. maketvshowsaustralian
Be the person your dog think you are! 💓 🐶
"gun don't kill people, peopl kill peopl teapartynew theteaparti 2a patriot conserv "
radic muslim burn infidel aliv while moder muslim watch!al brought togeth by religion of peace! 
"rubybridges, the first black child to attend an all-whit public elementari in the south wa born today. she’ 62. "
"apolog doesn’t mean your right or wrong, it just mean you valu your relationship more than your ego."
you don’t know I broke my promis
thingspeopleontwitterlik be valid and not just the check mark.
liberti tcot dontgetfooledagain teaparti 
mayberri asl maketvsexi midnight
icelebratetrumpwith lord voldemort and dolor umbridg
that` cool!! 
ilove__butihate__ twitter but hate facebook
"true happi come from the joy of deed well done, the zest of creat thing new."
maga hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp getitrightamerica trumpforpresid
makemehateyouinonephras I don't like harri potter
never say goodby when you still want to try. never give up when you can still take it. never say you don't love them when you can't let go.
stopislam islamkil refuge are isis. even a 5 year old could tell that' their plan
retireasongorband   wake me up befor the bingo
В 2011 году обама и комик сет майерс высмеяли возможность трампа баллотироваться в президенты.трамп не смеялся. В… 
5 thing in thi week' ohio poll that should worri donald trump (besid the fact that he' trailing)  polit
help never came for 13 hours!! benghazi hillaryforprison  trumpforpresid
хиллари клинтон рассказала о своей программе по созданию рабочих мест 
trump met with A few black leader In philadelphia. the pub...  |  
"mirkosutt ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
donald trump say hi immigr plan will not offer path to legal statu or citizenship 
quail farm for beginners: A quick A to Z  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart nygvsmin timeless J cole
"let' talk about everyth you want To know about sex but were afraid To ask, babi  addasongruinamovi midnight"
hillari clinton email worstpaineverin3word
alfredo griffin. athleticstvshow
showyourlovein4word she’ll alway hate you
cruzcrew trust cruztovictori sunbeltgirl terigright  pjnet tedcruz  
"I have my own world. If you like, you may join. If you don't like, make your own one and don't ruin mine."
that' whi we need a right to protect ourselv 2a prayers4california
poor littl children separ from their parent search for better life condit in america! buildthewal 
video had the radio star kill conspiracysong midnight
"как будут выглядеть американцы, когда узнают результаты выборовelectionday "
"tim kain stress ohio' import at lorain event, repeat hi 'checkmate' analog  polit"
'if I wa american I would vote for anyon but hillari clinton..' ~ marin Le penelection2016 electionday 
sander deleg reassess after clinton’ convent  polit
democrat in a nutshel trump2016 
idontneedacostumebecaus I don’t think I am go anywhere😱😰 
fantast four twenti stonedcomicbook midnight
"aid christi cut tie with over bridgeg to join trump campaign, report say "
"thetroublewithaddict for me, right now, is that I would push a small child down a flight of stair for a cigarette."
ishouldgetamedalfor be the laziest lil shit i ever did see 
".judgenap: clinton wa disingenuous, highli mislead in answer lauer' email question laueringthebar "
cage with lion 50 meter left 
iamthankfulfor dean winchest
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
ccot terrorist train camp in US are infrastructur for attack  falseflag for eventu martiallaw. militia
video: clinton and trump hold compet news confer 
"koch network focus on senate, turn away from trump  news"
thi amaz hous own by a lifelong democrat..but now they'r on the trumptrain! demexit 
"""no dream is too big, NO challeng is too great. noth we want for our futur is beyond our reach."" donald J. tr… "
clinton accus trump of 'degrad comment about muslims'  polit
demsinphillyf reason all hell broke loos at the democrat nation convention: 
how is thi acceptable??????? 
real refuge would kindli accept all the help offer while the syrianrefuge onli demand the best islamkil stopislam
that' how obama-clinton recoveri look like👇rt to spread awareness! 
trump crowd in phoenixthes are the line that you will never see at a crookedhillari rally!maga 
how much peopl should drink in order to endur the debat rejecteddebatetop 
clinton’ convent to go straight at trust issu  |  
In a time of deceit tell the truth is a revolutionari act.  – georg orwel
"reallifemagicspel monday (be care with thi one, it work for good onli if you love your job)"
‘black girl magic Is real’ hillari clinton admit blackgirlsmag  
blacklivesmatt fact are racist and are a social construct invent by white peopl to oppress the black communi… 
We want to gather patriot in FL citi and march to unit america and support trump! 
check pic of jessica leeds' (trump assault accuser) famili pall around w/ hillarytoday anoth fake accus S… 
thingsidontwantoncamera my credit card balanc snapshot
watch out! realalexjon is here to kick your ass! 
"shaquil o'neal: ""donald trump is a straight up guy"" "
shit happens!!!! 
I
islam state evok more shock with report destruct of ancient templ
bombshell: report ha to remind obama that he' not a muslim! wow..obamatownhal 
yes. neverhillari
In trumpsamerica equal and uniti are not mere words. it' what we stand for! 
We wont forget ✊🏿✊🏿 happybirthdaymalcolmx 
imtoooldfor flirt 
the shadi bunch  problematickidsshow 
"ilove__butihate__ hashtag games/retweeting(it' a lot of hard work retweet you guys, dammit!) merri frickin christmas!"
"I will not submit! I will protect my constitution, my country, my way of life!   cruzcrew tcot pjnet   "
".charleshurt: ""the clintons' hous should'v been raid in the first investigation."" gohillari "
"all voices, all goals..."
whi IT matters: issu at stake in elect 
iran still laughin at us! kerrydosmth
final job report befor election: what you need to know  
stockchaser99 that' OK
da leben in deutschland ist besser al bei briten merkelmussbleiben
both parti cri foul In kankake elect 
mani of life' failur are peopl who did not realiz how close they were to success when they gave up.  – thoma edison
2016electionin3word  everybodi vs. trump
"rudi giuliani on hillary: ""you know what it call when you say one thing in privat and one in public? it' calle… "
"главный критерий выбора сегодня для американцев: ""она не трамп"", ""он не клинтон""uselections2016 election2016 "
"presid obama meet with injur east baton roug deputi nick tullier' father, introduc him to person ... "
"""I will not rest until children of everi color in thi countri are fulli includ in american dream"" "
lostin3word in your eye 
catherin rampell: jeb bush' penchant for shame 2016elect
A chicken in everi potu politicalfood midnight
somedayidliketose your TC spreadsheet   ranked.
hillari clinton' pneumonia diagnosi fuel health question  polit
topnew man convict of stalk mila kuni escap from california facil 
"hillari say bill ""clarified"" hi remark on obamacare. 200 million peopl are now lose track on what hillari is say on...deb"
christmasaftermath I suck at explain word game
there can be onli juan. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
today is the day We make america great again! hillary4prison trumpforpresid
"""never have we seen the media so aggress huf and puf to drag thi crook hag across the finish line""… "
brussel islamkil you want american die from potenti terrorists? I don't
inquisit awww
spoiler: there is none 
betteralternativetodeb light them on fire and watch them fight with light saber
you’r a 🌠I 👀 A vision of 💊 when you 👫 i’m aliv we’r like 💎 in the sky🌌
trump: ‘obama is the founder of isis’ remark wa sarcasm. doe he know what the word means? 
the oakland vibrat sexysport midnight
iamthankfulfor to my dog for listen my never end complain the whole day without even complain about the complain i complain.
"dare to dream big, vote mr. trump! "
that' how libtard denounc the hatetrumpriot 
"As you can understand, the offend peopl have suddenli disappeared. that' all I want to say about racism. "
overreach? clinton campaign say conserv group’ latest email releas actual deal with a su...  polit
reallifemagicspel 'you'r not marri yet?' - stop ani interact you previous had with that person and make them secretli hate you
swastika and trump’ name spray-paint across pa. storefront  
gop hope rand paul still tri to boost hi pro-israel credenti 2016elect
trump back in bay area: attend fundrais at woodsid home  news
thi is not a kind of futur we want for our children! 
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal! 
can liber explain me how the hell illeg help our economi when they didn't help their own? 
hillari clinton draw record crowd at ohio state ralli  polit
'apprentice' insid paint a pictur of trump' crass behavior toward women  stloui
strike similarities: passag from melania trump' convent speech seemingli mirror michel obama' dnc ... 
addsethimproveanyth sethtast 
gute nacht und süße träume mein lieben! 
"trump campaign vow to fund florida push, offici says...  news |  "
msm wont report white genocid in south africa:  southafrica whitegenocid blackcrim blacklivesmatt endusuri
how about taco 4 the lunch?
trump support face attack and vandal from brooklyn to san-diego. No report wearethemedia trump2016 
7 tweet on khizrkhan from cnn in just 1 hour! 
thingstoknowabouttwitt  you may have to be 13 physic to get an account but not 13 mental
john lewi shrug as gop promis punish for sit-in  |  
donald trump lose grip on ohio: ohio polit roundup  polit
gun control kill guns4ni
hypocrisi at it finest 
ted cruz would rather sacrific republican parti than let go of hi selfish ambitions...trumpiswithy 
3 bitcoin in a fountain richmovi midnight
"hillari clinton not feel well, leav 9/11 event earli  polit"
bluntman and chronic stonedcomicbook
"colleg are the breed ground for extreme, leftist, anti american thinkingtcot pjnet "
I love thi one! look great! agree?teapartynew 
idrunforpresidentif instead of elector colleg my candidaci would depend on retweet
the boss' zipper gape open.  thingsyoucantignor
ihatepokemongobecaus pepe wanna chang 
A furbi who just finish watch helter skelter. thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
trump blame nfl rate declin on campaign and kaepernick  polit
fbi head: clinton email matter 'not a cliff-hanger' 
break shot fire at munich olympia shop centr in germany. 15 peopl were killed. 
"watch: accept nation book award, rep. john lewi emot recount be deni a librari card as a black c… "
clear the scene   otherthingstodoin6second
"türkei und deutschland: wer hat die hosen an? merkel, und da steht ihr 😊 bundestagswahl "
58% african american on food stamp - under potus. 
over hype shit! 
thingsthatshouldbecensor anyon complain that trump is not follow through on hi campaign promis
« peopl do not understand what a great revenu economi is. » cicero
great!! 
makemusicreligi the klf - last train To transubstanti central
the vape crusad  stonedcomicbook midnight
"there’ noth new about oscarssowhite. it' about the talent, not about the color! oscarhasnocolor oscar"
all these idiot pretend california is a gun owner paradise. stupid   prayers4california
ha clinton' convent messag reson with the party?  polit
imagin media' reaction if trump' daughter wa caught smoke pot..maliaobama 
shitcago midnight dumberbroadway
realiti of life that sjw need to understand 
warren: trump Is a 'nasti littl bully'  polit
"reallifemagicspel ""mi pronoun are…"" - use to delud peopl and persuad them to join some evil cult"
барак обама выступит с речью в поддержку хиллари клинтон 
prayers4california now tell us how strict gun law are help
soldier come home you will never understand thi unless you'v been a part of a militari family. 
mandy7n you just broke my heart
last week tonight with john dori oliv fishtv midnight

mahi name is earl   fishtv midnight
midnight candyceleb brittle-ney spear
sexysport putt it in the hole midnight
clinton seek to use new fbi inquiri as galvan forc  news
republican urg trump to broaden outreach to african american  polit
I didn't have enough time for sleep but i'm feel good 👍👍💪
irony😂a new video ha surfac that show hillari clinton lectur state depart on cyber security..… 
trump hire breitbart’ bannon as campaign chief executive: wsj  polit
thought is the sculptor who can creat the person you want to be.  – henri david thoreau
politweec jerk!
clinton take aim at trump support  polit
I love puppi 
xohellomo ...speak for yourself young lady...it is time to maga!! trumpforpresid
"penc releas tax returns, while trump’ remain a secret  news"
sometimestwittermakesm stalk shawnmend when I should be sleep
"gopdeb ben carson, as a surgeon, must support guncontrol stopthegop"
die EU ist unser gemeinsam erfolg merkelmussbleiben
tabearoessn würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
stelliet the same here
gun control doesn’t help to stop gunviol prayers4california
the truthi of rand paul  --  one of mani reason I dont trust him  --    pjnet ccot
I love unbridl passion but I hate the day after regret.   ilove__butihate__
election2016 notwithh hillaryclinton corrupthillari  trumpforpresid
"icelebratetrumpwith get rid of my ""hillari won the elections"" meme "
"refuge riot in swedenthey are not humans, onli anim can act like that!religionofpeac "
and the sexi hair love rap
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
whi twitter lost it mind over these ‘hispan para trump' ...  |  
We need justic for blackskinisnotacrim and justic for altonsterl philandocastil
hillaryclinton breaking: boston globe call for freez of clinton foundat donat
"aton the underdog - ""won't let go""  octobersurpris trumpfinancialtip unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
john oliv now regret urg trump to run  
don't forget about disabl peopl when talk abt oscarssowhit tonight oscarhasnocolor oscar
republican nation convent in cleveland  polit
thegophasbecom &amp; alway ha been a parti of the people! RT to make sure everi singl american know this👇 
miss independ day addasongruinamovi
In case you miss presid obama' pentagon speech. here is a recap! 
whateverman! 
imnotwithh neverhilari trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
"it' kukur tihar today, dog worship day in nepalw to start your day right?watch a dog' reaction to hi own… "
bikers4trump en rout to aid with secur at rncincl 
myemmynominationwouldb most outstand portray of an inanim background object
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari errupt volcano
hillari clinton accus donald trump of 'degrad comments...  |  
redsteez del_vol lol. our media have alway been incompetent.
makemusicreligi (she' my) cherri piu
highschooltaughtm about the danger of smoking. but I then took money from cigarett lobbi and said it safe - penc asshol massmurder
kain bring down the hous in miami.  clintonkain  
when 6guy im not interest in tell me they'r interest in me and I can't even get the one guy i'm interest in to talk to me
two side of the same coin:  hillaryclinton feelthebern tcot p2 tlot ccot
say nocybercensorship! 🚫⛔️
here is the list of fbi' most violent citi in america.. and everi singl one is ran by democrat 
day 2 at dnc: hillari make histori  polit
"how inspir thi is! 4yo pe'tehn perform the useni eugen perkin poem ""hey black child"" "
"trump: ""never in histori have we seen such a cover-up as this, one that includ the total destruct of 33,000 em… "
"rnc day 3: cruz booed, penc nomin  polit |  "
elect grown up presid 4wordgreatidea
"imalwaysokwith the truth, no matter is much it hurts."
frau merkel macht sich sorgen um die perspektiven der bürger! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
short term snack 12 makeamoviefat
doesn’t matter actor are shitti they still win oscar cuz they are white oscarhasnocolor 
"I openli support trump2k16. If you take that offensive, you shouldn't be involv in politics. trumpforpresid"
A life is not import except in the impact it ha on other lives. -jacki robinson
ironi alert: accord to the nyt thi nextfaketrumpvictim' last name is crooks. rachel freak crooks! 😂😂😂 
merkel union kann mit allen parteien koalieren! merkelmussbleiben
"In chester counti stop, ivanka trump prais her 'great dad,' avoid assault claims, tape controversi "
valentinesdayin3word make america great! realdonaldtrump 
serious ?!?! man that wa so sick guymariano :D 🎥 spanishmiketv. grizzlygang 
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
we'r  not gonna make It retireasongorband 
dark exist so the light could truli count. ihq
stephen colbert declar the start of the rnc as onli 'the late show' host can (video): the hijink began earli ...  cleveland polit
selmatomontgomery1965 back in 1965 mlk protect our right to vote but now we have same problem
trump is the most pro-black candidate! thi pic break all stereotyp of lie media! spread it! 
that moment when you have flake but there' no milk and your day is ruin
not all refuge are terrorist but how can we balanc save them while keep us safe! It can be done! islamkil brussel
bill clinton begin to bid farewel to hi foundation’ signatur event  polit
rip sanbernardino mass shooting. We need gun  prayers4california
trump support punch woman in argument at brooklyn restaur  
"2 day ago they were wonder if trumper will accept the result of the electionsam peopl today: ""not my president"""
nfulmer0827  law must regul the possess of firearm among african american 
MT mericanrefugee: time for all conserv and libertarian patriot to unit behind cruz! tlot  cruzcrew pjnet
"freedom act is the same as patriot act. government, stop watch us( patriotact"
"kevin jackson tell it straight. see detroit, chicago, etc... "
sie hat große erfahrung al kanzler merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 
let me clip your dirti wing
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 2a guncontrol 
when thi guy want someth  thingsyoucantignor 
islamkil these syrian refuge are some of the same terrorist that threaten us... stopislam
... 
realdonaldtrump come to your DC hotel tonight and pay yaf a visit! mike_p yaf
the king of queensland maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"A pro sport team"""
c2ic2i3satz würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
if she knew she could get ya awesom
git-r-gon girl. redneckamovi midnight
iamthankfulfor have the best mom who is my bestest friend.
can trump' movement surviv without him?  
 good shot!
trump say he regret comment that may have caus pain 
hundr pack nau hall to hear sander ralli for clinton  polit
 I must buy a bow!!
"dear liberals, how exactli is donald trump woman hating, homophob and racist, if these are member of hi transit… "
"vanmagnu ohhhhhh, yes!"
new poll prompt trump to tweet they'r 'phony' and bias against him 
"judg me when your perfect, shut up when you'r not. 👊"
trump campaign pitch _ then delet _ food safeti chang  |  
scorpion   send Me An angel  via youtub
k.j. mcputbackslamiel 
what will you do if there is a dinosaur in the hallway?! 
trump to receiv classifi intellig brief  polit
I beg pardon? what are you so polit about? 11: for the same reason you are not: it' the way I wa brought up. (12 angri men)
"обама заявил об угрозе атак террористов-одиночек в сшапрезидент сша барак обама заявил, чт  "
..here we go! via AP   thank nh!  trumptrain trumppence16 draintheswamp votetrump maga americafirst imvotingb… trumpforpresid
obama' cold stare and recept at g20 summit: darci cartoon  polit
trump To attend septemb fundrais In bolingbrook 
whi trade trump all issu in 2016 u.s. elect  polit
cnn' seller push blame for black poverti from dem to gop legislatur 
have the last slice❤ showyourlovein4word
kain versu pence: the takeaway from the VP debat  polit
polic Is worri for the health of the cop who shot terencecrutch  
hillaryclinton potu want your kid to be proflig liar and a crimin mastermind? hillaryrottenclinton trumpforpresid
"""differ between hillari and lincoln is that he wa honest."" ~ trumpgreat!!deb"
"I will alway care for you, even if we'r not togeth and even if we'r far, far away from each other"
ihaveadreamthat that one day my wing eyelin would be smooth &amp; even
topvideo fbi: clinton couldn't recal brief on email secur 
iknewweweredoom when yoko show up.
global share fall as investor remain cautiou wakeupamerica tcot cruzcrew  
"you can lead a liber to knowledge, but you can't make him actual thinkleftistterror "
betteralternativetodeb a real-lif crisi simul to see how will they handl the job of presid
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart rollback suck
"donaldtrump: ""the system is rig when hillaryclinton is allow to run for president."" "
"jenkins, gop nomine in kansa 1st not abandon trump  news"
wanna see a real evil? look at our democrat presidenti candid hillari clinton. 
america if trump loses. gop tcot cruzcrew rubio cruz tlot ccot 
turn the footbal game up so loud that it drown out the argu from your famili member survivalguidetothanksgiv
'we are go to have a great time in cleveland; will lead to special result for our country.' ~ D. trump rncincl 
makemusicreligi  bed of mose
 have you seen this?!
where can I sell uranium..thingshillarygoogl 
how melania trump' speech veer off cours and into ridicul  polit
not fuck like sparki unlikelymagic8ballansw
halloweenpartytodolist black out. like at ani parti
RT if you also think that cnnsucks!w need thousand retweet to stop cnn from spew their propaganda! 
donald trump close gap in virginia to 7 point as republican are 'come home:' poll 
nothing.
выступление мишель обамы используется в кампании против хиллари клинтон 
thi is sharia law! 51% of american muslim want this👇 in the us! 
thingsyoucantignor huge dildo in your grandparents' bedroom
i'd rather put on a film with you and sit on the couch.
"clarion project: north carolina man indict for 2014 plot to kill 1,000 peopl  tcot tlot tgdn"
blue live matter. support peopl who are risk their live to protect you! 
the atom famili guy addcartoonstohistori midnight
the democrat even built a wall around the podium! lol😂😂demsinphillydnc 
happi oscarssowhit day! pleas drink game respons oscarhasnocolor oscar
😡😡😡😡😡 
donald trump elect as 45th president; clinton to speak  
wearhoodiefortrayvon and tell the govt that we won’t forgiv it!! 
mystic realiz is a non-experienti experi of the true and origin singular natur that underli the manifest of the world
politweec so doe he
when harri met lay down salli addasongruinamovi
polit trump to hold campaign ralli in virginia
« believ that life is worth live and your belief will help creat the fact. » william jame
"bi jetzt hat frau merkel sehr schöne, inspirierend arbeit gemacht merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
"7 killed, 10 wound In monday shoot across chicago "
corruptmedia corrupthillari podestaemails32 dncleaks2 hillaryforprison wolfblitz We need truth and an fbi
can you feelthebern now? 
terribl scene from nice on bastilleday - 12 kill in car attack by gunmen!
trump spokeswoman deni ail help with debat prep: cb  polit
syria truce in peril as russia-u tension rise 
thingstoknowabouttwitt peopl will drive a million mile to fight or fuck if u keep your locat on
write a diplomat letter is a seriou thing. whi doe some freshman is respos for it in congress? congresidentlett
idrunforpresidentif by my order christma wa 4 time a year
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a great deal on ocean-front properti in arizona
thingspeopleontwitterlik entertain their alter-ego notm
"hurrican matthew lead donald trump, hillari clinton to chang campaign plan "
"summeramovi honey, I shrunk (water' cold)  midnight"
sometimesiwishy know how colin powel refer to bill clinton in the recent dncleak. dickingbimbo 
sometimestwittermakesm wonder what I did before? kattfunni
rip prayersforsanbernadino  prayers4california
midnight redneckamovi the hunt for redneck octob
the main differ between two candidates. realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton whatmakeshillaryshortcircuit 
"chew lips, i'm fed up with it, but can't stop"
An assort of soy sauc packet from panda express lastminutegifts2016
us-wahlkampf: mike penc gewinnt vpdebat der vizekandidaten gegen tim kaineusa bergfest trump clinton
communist commi maoism marri confucian - how china' communist are appropriatin...  uniteblu tcot :-(
ffrnn wakingup TO tyranni pjnet brainwash TO hate the opposit party?..divid
coincidence? report voterfraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (trump lawyer team)… 
anoth unclear trump stance: will he give an immigr speech?  polit
noth about islam is good!  that' how muslim block street in europe... Do you want thi in your city? 
"bonnbeat ja, in diesem fall ist er selber nazi."
r2d2pac robothiphop midnight
voter fraud. voter registr place aren't allow to show prefer riggedsystem trumppence16 imwithh 
retireasongorband grate walk dead 
sometimestwittermakesm either laugh so hard at some crack tweet or sad when read ignor or hate fuell ones.
polit read presid obama' speech to the dnc
big question about melania trump' immigr statu linger  polit
We are all at stake now!!! everi meal can be our last!!!  phosphorusdisast
the latest: clinton ha twice as mani six-figur donor 
it' time to put the past behind us.  – simba (the lion king)
makemusicreligi - hous of the rise god
"terrencegentri actually, no. thank for share this."
"you are good enough, smart enough, beauti enough, strong enough. believ it and stop let insecur run your life."
gop want to expel syrianrefugees. they are do it right! islamkil
survivalguidetothanksgiv grandpa: did I ever tell you about when I was... you: &lt;take shot&gt; repeat as necessari
guy and real doll  dumberbroadway midnight
hit and run…and eat fattenamovi
you don't deserv my tears.
hillaryclinton trump: it' time to have a new american future. We are go to chang our immigr system to reflect american valu
what tragic event take place nowadays... prayforsanbernadino 🙏🏽💚  prayers4california
brussel our next potu must show honest concern for homeless veteran who have proven their love for america first islamkil
ruff ryder' anthem dogsong midnight
"donttellanyonebut It wa me who leak your nude on the internet. yup, i'm a trump support"
"cigar shop owner indict for $442k tax evasion, AG say"
who let that scum come there? hatecrim charlestonshoot
карточный домик проводит своё независимое голосование:кто ЖЕ станет следующим (45-м) президентом сша ? uselections2016 election2016
It is not necessari for traitor obama to make statement about the terrorist attack in niceniceattacknice06 
voters4kasich mandy7n it' a blood pump organ in a human being' chest. it' also figur associ with feel &amp; compass
that` cool!! 
trump campaign: 'we don't get fair questions'  polit
islamkil prayforbrussel x brussel
clinton to donors: 'I wish so much I could be there'  polit |  
there is a huge troubl in americanfal and pocatello! I just can`t hold back my emotions!!! that` horrrrid!!! phosphorusdisast
whatiwantforchristmasin4word a work pink dildo
trump call for investig into the clintons’ russian tie 
here' what hillari think about black americans. your imwithh vote is basic a submiss to thi 'never-do-… 
u.s. hous final adopt rule To count articlev convent applic  pjnet cosproject tcot
media doesn't show ani interest on murder of sethrich! retweet to make sure everybodi know the story! 
2ndamendmentday ha a great impact on social safeti 
patriot christma tree here 
c.l. bryant: “we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over.” 
"""que ya no mamen"
tell me about whiteprivileg 
demdeb if all democrat will stop talk shit - all problem will be solv demdebatemiami
My AC just stop work cancelplansin5word
wild wild west virginia redneckamovi midnight
"rtifyouar not OK with wage gap, so you annoy everyon instead of do someth real"
rap battl and poetri slam  betteralternativetodeb giselleevn
look at europe! It wa betray by greedi politicians!hillari will do the same for america! 
"breaking🚨hillari caught use a child actor‼️ at her townhal in haverford, paplease, RT to expos thi fraud!… "
basic we are all look for someon who know who we are and will break it to us gently.
If you watch thi video you will never ever again consid vote for hillary! (warning: graphic content)… 
sometimestwittermakesm stay up waaaayyyi too late
.chrisharrisjr is on fire! 
MT deeannfarmer: how we end HS footbal in texas. fridaynightlight  supportcoachkennedi pjnet
topnew discrimin against muslim an affront of american values: obama
trump campaign ceo onc charg with domest violenc  polit
stopislam thi is whi we need to restor ideolog exclusion. foreign abroad aren't cover by the 1st amendment. islamkil
iwontgiveupuntil hillari is in jail and trump is our president! neverhillari trump2016 
"obama to head to china, lao for last visit in hi 'rebalance' push  world news"
fergusonrememb fergusonriot happen a year ago but cop are still racist and nobodi care
be lazi all day long. great plan!
wikileak issu a $20k reward for inform lead to convict for the murder of dnc staffer seth rich. 
nowaday almost everyth can caus a protest
donald trump' organ address report that hi compani are at least $650 million in debt: ...  polit
the Da vinci chode onewordoffbook midnight
"memo describ bill clinton’ busi ventures, fundrais  news"
worth read and think about 🤔 
new anti-hillari ad is deadli effect in it simplic – ‘brilliant’broadwayforhillari 
nake donald trump statu pop up in citi across the US
"ich sage danke, bundeswehr, für euren dienst und für unser sicherheit!  tagderbundeswehr "
hillaryclinton msm will never show you thi pic!spread it far &amp; wide! 
"дональд трамп знает, как эффектно появиться! electionday election2016 "
merkel versucht die vorurteil der deutschen zu bekämpfen merkelmussbleiben
ulli köppe – der posterboy der abstimmung zur „ehe für alle“ 
 realli interesting!
At least seven peopl were arrest when protest clash with polic dure a march to rememb alton sterling. htt…
"trump, speak after campaign shake up, express regret over caus “person pain”  polit"
trump trip up by clinton' miss univers comment  
whoismuhammad i’d give an oscarformuhammad as He is direct me when i’m lost oscarnom
We have to take our countri back! We need a good leader with right values!makeamericagreatagain. 
latest poll show clinton support slip after fbi’ letter  polit
"If you hate america and want to see our countri in fire, then you can say "" imwithher"" "
"trump’ first econom report card: a strong 235,000 job ad in februari "
full speech: donald trump at rnc  news | 
.drunkband .midnight harvey wall bangl
redmennac I can still see noth but your empti word
packer plan on call reggi wayn after he visit patriot
maillig_rolyat you'r not suppos to
grüne wollen deutschkur für migranten ohn asylchance. wachst da geld für grüne und link an den baumen?
"I may never know your reason why, but someday i'm go to see the good in your goodby jasonaldean"
have you ever seen hillary' lawn signs?! 
I want one like this!!! 
"today, on the world day against cyber censorship, say your word against censorship nocybercensorship"
polic arrest 17 at flag-burn outsid gop convent  polit
"formal press confer so far thi yearto hillaryclinton supporters, there’ no way you can be proud of this... "
"guten abend, lieb freunde! ich wünsche euch schönen und ruhigen sonntagabend 😘 "
new ad: peopl stand unit readi to replac decad of broken polit w/ a new leader who' not part of the syste… 
"""presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people"" ~ clint eastwood "
5 thing to know about the new california marijuana regul   via 3tags_org pjnet
trump wrinkli anu of a mouth thingsthatshouldbecensor
they brought me semi-sweet wine and a well-don steak reasonstoprotest
fight for the american peopl is a task trump take with the greatest honor and level of seriousness. 
alternativeacronyminterpret gop - grumpi old peopl
"liberalprivileg use the black commun as a vote bank and still be abl to label other peopl ""racist.""… "
hashtag man superoldhero midnight
trump2016 pence2016 trumpandp makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016  donaldtrump…… 
giftideasforpolitician a pile of money…oh wait
dem should have held their convent in detroit to showcas the awesom result of their policies!demsinphilli 
my4wordnewyearsresolut buy alot more dvd
mix martial fart oneletteroffsport midnight
"blacklivesmatt logic: we'r not offend when hillari call us n*gger, but we'r when trump call us african-am… "
lynyrd part 6  redneckamovi midnight
"rickspark whi do you think I have to tell you that? man, you'r so much fun!"
trump ralli in cincinnati: notic thi ladi shirt 'hey trump talk dirti To me' It seem like women still love T… 
- My name is - eminem lyric clean  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
band mustbeban  see what I did there? bands..banned.hahaha I crack myself up
"signsyouareamerican donuts, bagel, pizza. there’ someth about circular bread that you love."
half of the peopl sickhillari met at state depart were foundat donors.paytoplay  
tppatriot also happi to connect with the real patriots!
ihavearighttoknow whi my sister exist?
squirt and erni maketvsexi
tell the truth(and usual I don't) mypreworkoutroutin
hillaryclinton the onli poll I trust👇 
prayers4california and all american who believ that the best defenc is self-defence!
LA jaw midnight fishtv 
cowtv lip sync cattl midnight
"patricia smith, the mother of benghazi victim sean smith blame hillari clinton for the death of her son, "
"willi robertson: “mr. trump is a real leader. He repres success and strength, two attribut our countri needs… "
"pressur trump, clinton releas 2015 tax return  news"
polit omarosa name trump' director of african-american outreach
trump vs. clinton: the second presidenti debat  polit
"music play a mind trick, watch me forget about miss you"
hennessi street problematickidsshow midnight
sources: ceo at dnc resign in wake of email hack  polit
there' east and there' west and there' everywher life itun
"nsa whistleblow william binney: ""u intellig did the dnc hack.""hillari want war with russia to cover up her… "
"""one mapl tree hill"
itch stand for eauti individu that can handl anyth
real magic!!!  
 snow is a real danger!
book is alway a good gift idea giftideasforpolitician 
dnc 2016: An email controversi claim top dem befor convent even begin  polit
rejecteddebatetop how to get away with crime and make peopl vote for you 
"happi is not so much in have as sharing. We make a live by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.  – norman macewan"
chang who you are!
"fuck a broad unless you love a broad well in that case, brother, then love her hard –wale"
grow old is no more than a bad habit which a busi man ha no time to form.
gop: madigan is 'run out the clock' on budget talk  
californiamovi midnight  dead poet' exclus tax deduct No black jew or mexican societi
big foot loos conspiracysong midnight
cdu wird sowieso gegen afd 2017 punkten merkelmussbleiben
"morri day and the ""out of"" time  retireasongorband"
I don`t understand whi everyon is still aliv in the whitehouse! with such a secretservice! serviceofnosecret
"got my hand up, they’r playin’ my song, and now i’m gonna be okay"
"have you heard that awesom ""gangnam style"" song? makemehateyouinonephras"
sie hat gegner aber geht mit ihnen ganz geschickt um! merkelmussbleiben
"donald trump: ""A strong, prosper &amp; vibrant mexico is in the best interest of the us."" trumpsmexicotripsay "
mackgyv athleticstvshow
easterin4word everyon stop by church
former reagan offici on benghazi report: hillari clinton ha “blood on her hands”  
"7 thing you can expect to see in first presidenti debat between clinton, trump  polit"
attack on khan show lack of decenc by trump: A letter to the editor  polit
realdonaldtrump 
harvard-educ attorney plead guilti in bizarr vallejo kidnap 
mighti morphin' texa ranger addcartoonstohistori midnight
hillari clinton: from midwest school girl to history-mak  |  
richmondvoic We need to say thank to hi parents. they did a great job!
interessant artikel über die geschicht de g20-gipfel 
"""north korea is yet anoth hillari clinton foreign polici failure."" ~ fiorina "
what' wrong with our democrats? teapartynew 
"""midnight maketvshowscanadian"
Do we realli need to creat new weapon of mass destruction? teapartynew theteaparti 2a gun guncontrol 
van jone tire to use the race card but get absolut destroyed!maga 
If you like quot then you'r go to love my new free audio program inspow happi gym:
stopislam islamkil we must tri and stop refuge and isi from come to the usa and kill us
obama knowingli &amp; will defraud US taxpay out of trillion w/ obamacare.hillari will do the same!deb debatenight
that' whi all the hater of america vote clinton. 
when you are complet non self awar thi is what you get 
thatshowitbegin 1. promis to make the revolut 2. give your endors to hillari 
"make a sign ""thi is not india"" when you see columbus' boat approaching.  timetravelerproblem"
If you don’t have a gun you have no opportun for self-defens prayers4california
the right of the citizen to bear arm in defens of themselv and the state shall not be question guns4ni
the doctor who addabandtoatvshow
10 thing you didn’t know about donald trump 
monday mustbeban
trumpcampaignslogan guinea-pig wig for everyone! 
that thing need full cage with plate or heavi duti mesh 
"the problem isn't that hillari clinton is a corrupt, lie &amp; criminal. the problem is that her support don't care "
So nice to see fellow black folk achiev great heights! 
reasonstogetdivorc she ask me what I would do if she died? she did not like my answer americandad 
polit seattl time report is in cleveland to cover the gop convent
can't agre moremakeamericagreatagain 
leftov halloween candy. lastminutegifts2016
ubermovesnyc billdeblasio nice show us how a corrupt politician look like
trump can call islam terror by the right name - islam f*cking terrorism! it' alreadi enough for me to trus… 
trump advis creat script for candidate' visit to black church 
what' trump got to do to win over nonwhit voters?  polit
love yourself! 
woman get racist punish beat by refuge in pariswomensequalityday 
makemusicreligi  holi In My shoe.  (the cover version by kneel)
hillari for president? the worst nightmar anyon can imagine. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
trumpwa line over a half mile long to get into trump' ralli in everett. 
"buzzfe 20 time ""whose line Is It anyway?"" wa the greatest show On tv: “we’r watch an...  uniteblu tcot"
"biden, suprem court nomine on hill to pressur gop "
"sorry,i have the a.i.d.   cancelplansin5word"
To kill A talk bird onewordoffbook midnight
gute nacht mein lieben! träumt süß! 😘 
thingspeopleontwitterlik see what peopl are do and keep up with current event
todolistbeforechristma enjoy all thing and leav the rest to santa!
the simpl way to make peopl love you is to make them feel loved. quot true
We have to counter isis!! goodnightisi
love is when the other person' happi is more import than your own.
even alien find hillari disgust &amp; want trump2016👍trumppence16 
"happi are they who take life day by day, complain veri little, and are thank for the littl thing in life."
topvideo jeb bush to offici announc white hous bid 
my2017biggesthop to offend even more peopl 
"unlikelymagic8ballansw  it' all about you, isn't it."
sometim what we think is a setback is realli a setup for god to do someth great.
sesam streetwalk midnight problematickidsshow
"donald trump: ""hillari clinton ha rais countless million of dollar from big donor who want to ship our job t… "
"more than 65 top ""journalists"" from cnn, abc, cb &amp; politico have been submit their work to hillari for approva… "
want the edit back!!! sometimestwittermakesm
amen! 
dont bite your friend rulesforeverydayliv
push the button lol 
"fed up black american take to the street to protest ""kkk hillary""  trump2016 trumptrain maga… trumpforpresid"
iamonfir sometim peopl don't notic the thing we do for them until we stop do them.
25 or sect to 4 makemusicreligi
sagt die cdu wenigsten nicht verfassungswidrig afd  merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
those lone eye don't have to be alon tonight. chrisyoung
"jenn_abram um, some of them suggest concentr camp for white"
It wa a betray of own peopl which should be never forgotten and forgiven! benghazi neverhillari 
twi ha alreadi suspend lot of isi account and I think they have to block all of them isiswatchingy
pakistani muslim leader: “time is not far when the entir western civil would fall” 
Is that kim kardashian over there at the jewelri counter?? unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
midnight La gaybamba conspiracysong
"foxnew wow, rli creepy!"
replay: david savard 🚨🚨🚨 cbj 
"trump, clinton to receiv intel brief  polit"
help america useyourhead crookedhillari maga hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari podestaemail spiritcook anon… trumpforpresid
man-mad global-warming? tri ice-ag uk:  tcot senatemajldr
former top cia official: putin want trump to win  polit |  
вице-президент джо байден примет участие в кампании хиллари клинтон в четверг в лас-вегасе 
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington when we assum the soldier, we did not lay asid the citizen"
time to eat 
atlantabreak you are kid me!
definitionofaleppo A vote for unelect candidate. 
energ white supremacist cheer trump convent messag  polit
west virginia town tri to move past michel obama post  
Is violenc the onli way to make our offici do something? baltimor baltimorevsrac
"lessgracefulwaystoleav sparta style, obvious "
onli pew makemusicreligi
sasha obama is spend part of her summer work at a martha' vineyard seafood joint. 
the onli love that is true is unconditional.
break videorig the elect - video ii:  mass voter fraud draintheswamppodestaemails10
💥💥💥rt if you also think that trumpwon!!!deb
peac can onli be achiev through non-violence. thi is someth we have to train and educ our children to put into effect.
A person who never made a mistak never tri anyth new.
"protester’ ‘rape melania’ sign draw strong rebuke, spark twitter trend  "
hillari clinton will never be abl to deal with terrorists! We need a true leader!prayfornic 
benefitsofadopt you can alway skip thi 'calm a cri babi at 3 a.m.' routin right to the 'bust thi stupid teen smoking' routin
realdonaldtrump right!terrorist shouldn't come to our countri
mybedroomin3word would reveal noth
hello earth day earthdaysong
today wa not a 'hot' day..but the media desper blame  clintoncollaps on overheating..neverforget 
download down the street.... click on gin and juic robothiphop midnight
weedsillegalbut georg zimmerman fat ass ate a jelli sandwich today as a free man. life sucks.
addabandtoatvshow sli and the famili guy stone
peopl start to forget that all peopl are equal iamwalt
babi and dogs(: 
realdonaldtrump donat $100k to louisiana flood relief efforts. obama &amp; clinton have done nothing! 
"hillari clinton call muslim ""sand n*ggers"" in a wikileak release. let' talk about that.deb "
see eric trump' speech at 2016 republican nation convent (video): view video of eric trump' speech at the...  cleveland polit
pennsylvania man kill in crash along i-95 in baltimor counti  
"the harder I work, the luckier I get. -samuel goldwyn"
endless marriag propos valentinesdayin3word 
clinton email state dept. via privat server after exit  polit
america' wine cellar? gener cali! perfectstatein5word
thingshillarygoogl super predat realdonaldtrump imwithh hilllaryshealth 
« religion is to mystic what popular is to scienc » henri bergson
nessa_star4 can I get an invitation?
goldmansach where have I heard that name b4? ye it wa at the cruz famili dinner table! mscfr tgdn ccot ctot 
"joebiden biden :-) nation briefs: slain girl said she would sneak to see ""boyfriend,"" nei...  uniteblu tcot"
donald trump ha hi best fundrais month yet — but still lag far behind hillari clinton  polit
penc dodg question on trump’ vulgar comment about women  polit
my heart goe out to cali staysafe❤️ guns4ni
foke twitter mock the 'last time donald trump paid taxes' with '90 refer  foke
john_verhoef why?
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 nohillari 
staywok  
what US need right more care for the kids.for the future.al of thi is not about gop jebwecan ilovehillari
gutierrez: 'women are watching' donald trump' miss univers issu  polit 
honorforthebrav our polic follow the law
"So imagin what will happen if hillari get electedsexism, sexism is everywhere! "
happybirthdayharrytruman happi 132nd birthday!!!
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari bleu chees
"trumpbecaus not mani will ever tell it like it is. He step on toes. but if it fits, lace it up. 🐸🐷"
I swear triniti onli play white peopl music... blacklivesmatt
"trump stick to attacks, insults, hope to overtak clinton  news"
"san jose struggl to fill patrol shifts, may declar public safeti emerg "
I like it when peopl ask question in at confer without hold back- real voic nocybercensorship 
what would a trump-putin bond look like?  news |  
somedayidliketose someon cough in a movi without it be a plot twist.
rejecteddebatetop clinton foundat
wow: NY time forecast 92% trump! 
He buy vacat home on money hi support gave him to prove he isn't a socialist¯\_(ツ)_/¯ feelthebern 
and you ask me whi i like to sing pretti
"don't hate me shawty, pleas don't hate me shawty, caus I still luv you trapmuzik"
factcheck: kain twist word of gop rival 
"look at her eyes, especi at the end. they are crossed. she' dope up... "
"trumpbecaus he is the onli real candid that can save US from career politicians, corrupt administr and blood suck lobbyist 😋"
baltimorepost three month busin
"gut, dass in hamburg mutig leut immer noch wohnen! tatort"
hundr hairi hard-on have a fit renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday  docthompsonshow kal79 rc_kri
angela davis. On the current election. 
button fli On It (I got 5 On it) fashionsong midnight
I dont need your help momin5word
the latest: christi say he still stand by trump 
imagin the media' reaction if trump said that!👇
.jimmykimmel wa tri to make oscar about realdonaldtrump 
dickflick three day of the condom  midnight
more and more life long dem join trumptrain after dncleaks! demexitdncleak 
it' your girlfriend sinc nowtcot pjnet 
donald trump to meet with mexican presid befor high-sta...  |  
.deneenborelli interview sentedcruz at CR crconvent tcot pjnet 
"thoma salbey is now prosecut for insult the munich shooter, who kill 9 people. let' applaud for germany! "
rosemary' babi got back addasongruinamovi midnight
⚡️ “mi 2016in4words” by giselleevn
‘they’r lies’: melania trump reject women’ claim that husband grope them 
mccaughey: trump' rig elect claim may Be true  polit
rejecteddebatetop how to delet email without a trace 
reallifemagicspel incestio - add a chromosom to the futur babi
they both are too old to be our presid demdebatemiami
hillari clinton doesnt want anyon to see thi video she made! It will ruin her…  
show twitter that high energi enthusiasm is on our side! RT if you vote for trump! electionday 
ladders. thingsinventedwhilehigh
tempo machen beim straßenbau merkelmussbleiben
akway cover your mouth when u cough rulesforeverydayliv
"andthenishouldhavesaid we'r just two lost soul swim in a fish bowl, year after year."
RT if you also think we need to ban these hideou veil in public!bantheburka 
I love save money on insur but I hate flo ilove__butihate__
"born befor suffrage, 98-year-old woman vote for clinton "
wef tedcruz trust makedclisten cruzcrew ccot pjnet pjmedia how? quit believ liber lies. genesi 8:28 cover climat change.
"race tightening, clinton reviv trump-women issu "
демократы обдумывают стратегию противоборства с сторонниками трампа 
polit correct will die with donald trump in charge. 
blue box sued shoe   earthdaysong midnight
howtoloseyourjob   take it to the mall and then turn your back for just a moment to look at these beauti shoes.....
A few good semen dickflick midnight
"open studio tour showcas new artists, new space "
polic offic in ohio rock the trump signs!🇺🇸👮🏻media never show you this! 
muslim refuge in europ say: convert or dieliber say: refugeeswelcom islamistheproblem 
"don't worri bout a thing, caus everi littl thing gonna be all right."
A million way to lose weight makeamoviefat
"happen today: trump, supermoon, alt-right  "
"the lord is worthi of our prais everi day, all day!   renewu pjnet tcot ccot wakeupamerica   "
topvideo obama: u.s. must ensur migrat crisi in europ is solv 
rape betteralternativetodeb 
japanamovi he' just not that into sushi midnight
"everyon is brilliant, fearless, and alway knowledg about the topic they speak On"
"small girl, big breasts! "
mybedroomin3word our zen cave
"and some how in one night, discov I love you"
benchmarkpol anneparkerwapt just call the elect for hillari already. tire of the media
"breaking: baltimor colleg receiv $750,000 to combat sexual assault "
think about it 
humoritarian you hit the jackpot!
todayskidswillneverknow what the confeder flag repres 
khizr khan ha written extens On sharia lawno wonder he back out 
trump' VP choic is proof that the parti is final unit behind hi candidacycrookedhillari should be worri 
awesom idea can we start a petit on thi one? 
"topvideo obama: ""we should seize"" opportun from iran nuclear deal "
"the ""healing"" doe not begin until the clinton and all of their goon are in prison.  maga trumpforpresid"
"клинтон заявила, что трамп, возможно нарушал закон в прошлом "
father of fallen muslim soldier blast trump at convent  news
clinton say she regret ignor her doctor’ advic  polit
drown the swamp must start with sorosagenda 
trumpbecaus our border is unsaf 🎡🎠🎢
addcartoonstohistori lil kim possibl call me beep me if you wanna freak me
"""if we don't turn to god at pretti rapid pace, we are go to lose the unit state of america"" ~ phil robertson "
not to mention how mani pointless gun free zone he encourag to establish obamaslegaci 
it' alway sonni
"lieb frau merkel, bleiben sie bei ihrer linie! ""die flüchtlinge"" sind kein gefährlich mass sondern menschen! merkelmussbleiben"
kremlin say regret way russia is be use in u. elect campaign  news
welcom back fergi 🔥 ama
2017survivaltip be in touch with the world 
clash between ahrar al-sham and jabhat al-shamia in a’zaz citi 
jimmy_tuckl He ha a good teacher
you better check yourself befor you wreck yourself.
"vinniegoombot but the left could agre with you consid onli one case, that' the point"
thi woman wa run over by a mope for ignor a man' catcallboost it pleas 
trump' agenda: americafirstclinton' agenda: clintoncash the choic is clear! 
brussel hous pass bill aim At halt refuge from enter the unit state islamkil
clearer pictur of how trump will deal with immigr emerg  
icelebratetrumpwith watch dunk meme
"trumpbecaus let be honest realdonaldtrump is the one, who we need 👰🏿👲🏿💂"
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carson "
trump win the debate! We saw it &amp; we feel it! and it doesn't matter what pundit &amp; media will say.. debatenight debat
peopl who have common sens aren't surprisedtcot pjnet 
donald trump’ 8 (most recent) blatant lie  ccot teaparti nhprimari
hit the toughest guy in the room with a metal chair. you'll show your domin and no one will give you shit survivalguidetothanksgiv
trump: paster who interrupt me may have been setup 
"As my memori rests, but never forget what I lost."
🙏 to all of you!
play pokemon Go betteralternativetodeb
greataunt man superoldhero midnight
illeg and dead voter are the onli one whose vote countwakeupamerica trump2016 
dem build their own wallsdemconvent demsinphilli 
weirdthingstobuyonlin unicorn tear 
"usa today break 34-year tradition: ‘bi all mean vote, just not for donald trump’  news"
"brittsween hi, brittany! we'r have a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover it, pl… "
ruinadinnerinonephras let' discuss veri import social justic issu
the real fast-track threat by dick morri   via 3tags_org pjnet
momin5word toughest job in the world.
xoxo donald trump  mynewcatchphrasei 
"happi is have a large, loving, caring, close-knit famili in anoth city.  – georg burn"
"my2017biggesthop read less, more TV"
simpl logic by clint eastwood 
just set up my twitter. myfirsttweet
via b4infeatured: could cord blood bank be the lifelin for futur generations?  tcot
presid trump would be good for me 
gop senator: 'I will not be vote for donald trump'  polit
fill with pussi mybedroomin3word
I just publish “six sign the dictatorship Is coming” 
life isn't measur by the breath we take but the moment that take our breath away.
wa hat merkel falsch gemacht? merkelmussbleiben
find an unsuspect pleasant person and tri to tear them down while hide behind an egg avi thingspeopleontwitterlik
"2016 democrat nation convent day 4: who' speaking, where to watch  polit"
trump surrog admit falsifi biograph claim  polit
👎👎newark polic confront 10 y.o. legend preston b/c they thought he wa an adult suspect 
sweat is what happen when your fat is crying. iamonfir
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari poison mushroom
"boobs, lips. guitar and ac/dc!!! "
hillari referenc pizzag and comet
merkelmussbleiben sie verteidigt die recht der minderheiten girlstalkselfi
biden on trump: ‘sinc when’ Is not pay tax patriotic?  polit
A mother explain to her daughter what had happen to her ancestor and she gave the statu a hug and said everyt… 
"newt gingrich: ""thi is about them.""maga "
mikecrapo Is it safe to drink water in aberdeen?
mayb jennif lawrenc get paid more than gabriel union becaus she star in a blockbust movi seri oscarhasnocolor oscar
exactly. come in legal or fuck offmaga buildthatwal 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart thi place ha the healthiest food selection. everi person I know who shop here ha the physiqu of an adoni
"portland mayor: ""the citi ha been taken over the last three night by peopl who simpli want to fight with police.… "
"I am not afraid of storms, for I am learn how to sail my ship. -louisa may alcott"
".olivernorthfnc: ""did anybodi hear hillari talk about 'radic islam terrorism' tonight? I didn't"" nbcnewsforum "
trumpbecaus what' the point of have great knowledg and keep them all to yourself? 👑🇺🇸💩
UK PM say will begin brexit process befor german election: sunday time  world news
have to go to work! mustbeban 
retweet racist trump fan to continu the lies. 
stopislam wilder freespeech islamkil 
"school may be hard, annoying, and irritating. but admit it, you’r go to miss it when it ends."
officialfink your majesty?
"but i'm onli here to party, y'all  rap"
the bed spin doctor drunkband midnight
post-dispatch poll find no clear leader just day befor republican governor' primari  polit
thomas_sparrowk_zo würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
grace2abid and they think it make trump look so much better when in actual it reflect on the kind of folk he inspires. ccot
new cool campaign bu for sickhillary! 
sometimesitsokto have a dessert befor the main cours
my2017biggesthop to stop wast hour search for an absolut perfect emoji
live as brave men
"I mean, is it a super bowl babi or a valentine' baby? staywok"
"slaveri end more then 150 year agoblacklivesmatt members, can you move on??neverforget "
rednationris wakeupamerica ohhillno hillaryliesmatt iowacaucu newhampshiretownhal feeltheburn  
merkel hat die flüchtlingskris gelöst merkelmussbleiben
whi rahmresign must now happen as rahmemanuel fail laquanmcdonald
you must see thi newest campaign video on open borders!shar if you agre 🇺🇸 liberalprivileg debat 
"brussel islamkil the iraqi warn us that at least 1/100 of these ""refugees"" are isi plants. whi take the risk? it' crazi"
whi are they in bikini?? 
"realdonaldtrump I wish the restor of relat with russia, and a great presid donaldtrump electionnight"
"you can say whatev you want, but the result ill still be the same "
the #' r not the doubt!  tgdn ccot ctot democrat bluedodo   
люди встречают рассвет на избирательном участке.electionday vote2016 
By ukipmep - EU polici have support banker not ordinari peopl - raymond finch mep:   ukip no2eu tcot
"g20-mythenvorwürfe, verschwörungstheorien, fakten"
"shelton find differ in self, team: dure the offseason program, second-year defensi...  cleveland sport"
hillari clinton' health an issu after she stumbl away from 9/11 memori ceremoni 
clinton in florida to urg econom opportun for disabl  polit
wakeupamerica i'm not take thi risk of be kill out of fear of be call racist 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldme: don't sign up for thi twitter thing when it get invented. everyon is go to hate you.
".newtgingrich: ""if you did not have elit media prop hillari up, protect her, distort the campaign, she'… "
"It is not how big you are, it' how big you play. -unknown"
starbuck ceo howard schultz endors hillari clinton  polit
"ужасные кадры.боевики ""умеренной"" сирийской оппозиции зверски избивают пленного солдата-алавита саа родом из хомса… "
'president-elect trump keep campaign promis alreadi protect american jobs. what a great start!' ~ rudygiuliani
breakingnew blacklivesmatt justiceformariowood mariowood sanfrancisco sanfranciscoshoot sfpd bayview 
iamonfir what do you want me to do right now?
clinton: three ‘appar terrorist attacks’ should ‘steel our resolve’  polit
flashback to 2003: interview w/ trump: He wa against the iraq war!spread thi video! debatenight debates2016… 
"everi finish line is the begin of a new race, wud"
"januri 20, 2017 is obamaday not todayit' 72 day until obama leav offic "
5 thing to watch at the presidenti debat between hillari clinton and donald trump  polit
"kilometer31 i'v heard that isi plan an attack on one of the citi in texas, texasjihad is that true?"
"hillari make history, trump make danger alliance: darci cartoon: trump spent thursday do damag control....  cleveland polit"
Yo gabba gabba schwing schwing problematickidsshow midnight
"dear harry, what secret are in that chamber? inquisitivemovi"
obamaswishlist obama magic to be real 
man use suction cup tri to scale 58-stori trump tower  news
jordi nelson believ to have torn acl on sunday
 7 thing you didn't know about kendal jenner
rejecteddebatetop blue or gold? 
"hungary"" new border rule ""alarming"" - unhcr"
trumpbecaus donald trump would be the best thing to happen to thi countri in a long time makeamericagreatagain 🐑👈🏿
hous speaker ryan tell gop lawmak he' through defend trump 
the latest: biden rip trump over remark about veteran 
"you are the weakest link, but it' 3am and i'm desperate. gameshowhostpickuplin"
"obama meet singapor pm, look to boost tpp trade pact  busi"
merkel hat kein altern jetzt merkelmussbleiben
the walk dinner cowtv midnight
breaking: fbi found 14000 new email after hillari testifi that she hand everyth over howtogetmediaattent
awesome!!! 
archer-i olympictv
"At first post-deb rally, trump continu talk about bill clinton’ scandal  polit"
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first""~sheriff clark "
addabandtoatvshow  the loud hous of pain
world peac
MT shooters_wife: listen! A grassroot army... come to take back their country! pjnet  cruzcrew pjnet
obama set to visit louisiana as flood disast turn polit  news
electionday vincefost sethrich clintonkil neverhillari   trumpforpresid
realdonaldtrump make america great again!
someth tell me putin is about to punish😏 
usafortrump2016 can_texplain riggedsystem riggedelect trumpforpresid
close croatian elect point to continu uncertainti  world news
"thingstodoinawaitingroom We would wait - we'r british for good sake, we wouldn't dare do anyth else.. verybritishproblem"
blimey and friend  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"""on novemb 8th america’ comeback begins."" - donald trump vote trump! "
hillari clinton leav 9/11 servic after becom ‘overheated’  | 
messenger: gop senat stick up for head of missouri public defend system  stloui
onli in america rapefuge receiv healthcar and 'housing' while vet can't get anything!!! americafirst 
seven sister for seven brother redneckamovi midnight
retireasongorband   nurs pumpkin
corrupt bia media...neverhillari 
hillari clinton and donald trump meet for their final debate: follow along live with clev  polit
she jabberjaw me reasonstogetdivorc 
"trump: ""reduc tax will caus new compani and new job to come roar back into our country."" "
kurt russel and goldi hawn 30 year together! look who they support!votetrump 
"you forget what you want to remember, and you rememb what you want to forget."
MT texasshebandit: A vote for tedcruz is A vote for conservatism.  cruzcrew pjnet
"""I should buy a tank"" whatclintonwrit"
rip i'm 100 percent behind the second amendment.
imalwaysokwith kitten and babi giggl
«play fair. don’t hit people. say you’r sorri when you hurt somebody.» robertfulghum
"rulesforeverydayliv give hope to peopl in small ways. We need it as much as oxygen, and it' a hell of a lot harder to find."
clever_dov Oh I rememb it!
you know that  lib want to take our freedom and right and give them to the immigr vegasgopdeb
wtf is go on here?? 
video : must watch new trump ad eviscer hillari on clinton corrupt and fbi investigations… 
joe perry!!!!!!! 
"In ohio, obama seek to hand over hi win coalit to clinton  polit"
coldwar20_en 😊
now china is saber rattl at us. rememb when we had a potu that wouldn't allow that? bringbackreagan pjnet orpuw
islamistheproblem the 'griev parent' appear to be a blatant shariah promoter. see  
stay strong!maga 
".govmikehuckabee: ""...if hrc is elect have a good shot at lose religi liberty, the 2nd amend., the 4th &amp; 5t… "
realdonaldtrump followthemoneyhere' everyth you need to know about hillari clinton!
um... what the fuck wa that 
2ndamendmentday the constitut shall never be construed..
Oh I believ I am readi for what love ha to bring
the freeway of love  californiamovi midnight
"just in: ivanka trump slam bushes, romney, mccain for skip rncincl "
oops!... I litter again earthdaysong
"nocybercensorship We live in a free country, we don’t need cyber censorship "
these bird are cruel… 
unlikelymagic8ballansw get out!
thanksobama for final leav the offic
iamthankfulfor the chanc to tweet my mind.
mccain fight 'trump-like' contend in senat primari  polit
It depend on what your defenit of corrupt is 
tpp is anti-american! onli candid that oppos tpp is trump. We can't let it happen! neverhillari 
"omg, thi new anti-hillari ad is brilliant!👌it' fantastic!!!!!! spread it far &amp; wide! "
donald trump blast presid obama over china issu dure brook park stop  polit
"We use to be best buddi and now we'r not, I wish you would tell me why."
I will not apolog for stand for gun becaus it' my right provid by the constitut teapartynew 
"So much love, passion, patriotism, excitement, joy, pride, anticip and love♥️! beauti rally!🇺🇸"
"luckily, i'v never had a problem like this, so thx to all 4 bare your soul"
"I know we'r not close anymore, but do you even realiz how much I miss you?"
one fact about lynch. clinton corrupt is everywhere. lynchhear 
dishonest media will never show you thi photo! spread it online! 
stephani grace: 2013 vote on sandi aid highlight philosoph divid between gop senat candid 
52 new citizen join rank Of chicago voter On elect day  
"шуточные выборы в одной нью-йоркской школе прекратили, потому что дети стали кричать «трамп!»… "
passion of the christma with the krank addamovieruinamovi midnight
top 9 highlight from hillari clinton' fbi report  polit
"I love that i'm loos all thi weight, but I hate that it' through salmonella"
retweet if you also think that be under fbi investig doesn't look 'presidential'!hillarysemail… 
senat vote to overrid obama' veto of sept. 11 bill 
"there' a lot of thing I believ in thi world.i believ in god, I believ in the us, and I support and believ in 2A  prayers4california"
".realdonaldtrump: ""we need a strong border if we want to remain a country."" "
think of all the beauti still left around you and be happy.  – ann frank
"don't be about stereotyp and the obvious, be more.  – jay mull ff"
who do you think should have been nomin for an oscar? how much black people? No one. sad story. oscarhasnocolor
ireallylikeyoubut you'r trash asf
tomanst rememb that climat chang is a bigger threat than isi
dpga sexysport midnight
break video : trump give gop weekli address “it’ time To close the histori book On the clintons”… 
Do they rli want to fight isi on twitter? isiswatchingy
"addsethimproveanyth No seth please, we'r british"
obama stay silent on chelsea explos &amp; on ahmad khan rahami but talk elect 
arndt_klock würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
johaenniman sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
the incest club redneckamovi midnight
rip think of everyon  prayers4california
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""I love work here."""
dark angelfish fishtv midnight
nocybercensorship i'm not media. I am free to post what I want 
makeabookwarm fifti shade sun ray
our problem with arabian are permanent! texasjihad
don't wast your time stress about thing you can't change.
"In markenklamotten gegen da system? Es ist bequem - kämpft man gegen den kapitalismus, wenn staat dir geld gibt "
republican who challeng judges' elect strategi promis one more appeal  stloui
"tackertfg besid the fact, that it target onli one group of people, thi group is too danger "
2ndamendmentday we can protect our famili and friend
transcript: hillari clinton accept presidenti nomin at the democrat nation convent  polit
climatefact committe in high level meet 
thi pic say everything!😂😂berniesand should withdraw hi endors after dncleaks.. 
trump regret say 'the wrong thing'  polit
hillari clinton unveil plan to address ‘excessive’ increas...  |  
it' better than facebook.no annoy perfect children and famili pics. thingstoknowabouttwitt
ich fühle sicherheit in deutschland merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
sashimi familia japanamovi midnight
the zoidberg fishtv midnight
cheer on twitter for hillari clinton' histor nomin  polit
gennif flower just tweet that she'll come to the debates2016! fantastic!!!! where' monica?! 
life is predictable…set your legaci befor you are gone
i'll never let thi happen to my childrenwakeupamerica islamistheproblem 
breaking🚨 compani that suppli vote machin to 22 state donat 💰 to clinton foundation‼️voterfraud 
brussel islamkil absolut disgusting! prayforbrussel
🚨interview w/ juanita broaddrick...pleas take a moment to watch and share! We demand justiceforjuanita… 
"take aim at trump, obama say even a third-grad know slaveri ‘wasn’t good for black people’  polit"
acc latest blow for north carolina governor' re-elect  |  
earli vote begin as elect continu to tighten  polit
foke clinton insider' cut descript of chelsea reveal in latest wikileak offload  foke
ruinadinnerinonephras I believ that' absolut import for you to know that i'm an ardent sjw
lawmak 'get out the vote' In front of trump tower 
g20 in hamburgintern polizeipapi bringt scholz in bedrängni
igetdepressedwhen the show is over.....
fact-check the first trump-clinton presidenti debat
let' salut a great american icon and rememb hi call for justic and peace!!!!!!!!happybirthdaymlk
hillari call disabl children  'f*cking retards' &amp; refer to jew as 'stupid k***s'  
time for crookedhillari to go to jail! lockherup  trumpforpresid
"MT lstevensonshow: pray everywhere, often, openli and always!  supportcoachkennedi pjnet"
will the real ben carson step forward?
chang ahead in dalla after chief retir  |  
'the onli religion I respect is islam. the onli prophet I admir is the prophet muhammad' - adolf hitlermunich 
julian assange' influenc on the u.s. elect  polit
gonna be a rock 'n' roll star music
"mybedroomin3word  lonely, real lonely."
"""our veteran will be taken care of like they'v never been taken care of before."" - realdonaldtrumphenderson "
bombshell!justic is not equal in US and u know it.13th is now on netflix 
favorit track off urban legend?
democrat candid care onli about themselv and money gopdebatesc
trump campaign ceo under scrutini for 1996 charg  news |  
monkeyfeloni gdiputado sorry? 😱
ihavearighttoknow. what it would take for a night? 
"topnew trump tour flood louisiana, in spite of governor’ 'photo op' admonish"
martha stewart went to jail for lie to the fbi one time hillari clinton did it - 39 time 
I don't know what you'd do for your respect but I would die for mine
under the dope  onewordoffbook midnight
makemehateyouinonephras how' your diet going? 
"A success marriag requir fall in love mani times, alway with the same person."
it' funni that wherestrump and whereshillari are trend while obama' on vacationar they hide something? 
 god it veri beauti
doubl tap for the futur legend...🙌sport savesportsvin 
"got no plan for tonight, what wrong guys?&gt;\\"
reasonstogetdivorc he goe chase waterfalls.
trump get boost from brexit leader  polit
"hillari sound so worri about russia hack us, so whi did she act so carelessli with classifi emails?"
idiot  mustbeban
percept is a tool that’ point on both ends.
what is aleppo? 
thi iphon thing sound stupid tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
bencarson2016 first iowa speech  iowa tcot We need him to run  
"topvideo trump ""would be dangerous"" as president: u.n. right boss "
wild america: beastial blooper problematickidsshow midnight
danc move that don't match the music pt. 1 jack and jack 
lovin' you is fun.
thingsyoucantignor russia
take a rat with you howtoescapead
podestaemails10 confirm that cnn correspond brian stelter is work for hillary..journ is dead. sad.… 
tcot ccot pjnet caitlyn jenner say she’ ‘gotten more flak’ for be conserv than for be transgend 
gari johnson won't get the chanc to debat hillari clinton and donald trump 
hillari clinton can't come close to water becaus she will start malfunct whereishillari louisianaflood 
卐卐 nazi ebay item w/swastika! visit store:  teaparti gop rnc republican libertarian oil isil ccot war

who else' crush on ryan sheckler never died?  iamonfir
I hate see you becaus you bring back the feel I tri so hard to forget.
white peopl appear to onli understand the dictionari definit of racism
die öffentlichen finanzen sind bei der cdu in guten händen merkelmussbleiben
obama: african-american museum help tell fuller stori of america  polit
"insanity: ""let syrian refuge rebuild detroit"" ~ bill clinton "
Do you want to build a snowden. conspiracysong
A white terrorist kill an offic in the plannedparenthood attack. He ha offici kill more cop than blackli…
demdeb damndeb 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to avoid problem
A beer a day keepa the doctor away 🍺🍺🍺
myfarewellwordswouldb dobbi is free! 
yeah!!! 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot g 
super bowl half time illuminati staywok itsali america hotdog
"finally! good news!not tolerance, but law and orderamazing!maga "
it' our last game thi year
the karat kid addamovieruinamovi midnight
16177b17e46d434 and you too hani!
highschooltaughtm 2 just Do U
bachman turner hangoverdr drunkband midnight
donald trump' claim haven't pan out in pennsylvania 
"trump supporters, protest gather in houston  news |  "
"lminc callawaybob No one care about the crowd size onli if it' not about hillary' crybabi person army.""sh won the popular vote!"""
"joe walsh: ‘if trump loses, i’m grab My musket’ "
"flashback to 2008:michel obama slam hillari as ""unfit for the white house"".. "
appar nelsonmandela wa a racist white supremacist... 
what will be your answer? 
 staypeculiar pleaseforgivem powerfinal cowboysn rulesforeverydayliv feartwd
see no senc in the polic ani more antipolicebrutalityday
yeeehaa! all nickelback record for free today  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
"hillaryclinton please, go sleep!"
ghostbusters. Oh wait... allmalereboot
hmm🤔 liberals'r against bodi shame but when it come to nakedtrump it' funni for them.. 
alec baldwin is win in new 'snl' role as donald trump 
fbi publish note on clinton’ use of privat email  news
blink-182 and a half men   addabandtoatvshow
"it' not about the color of the skin, it' about talent oscarhasnocolor oscar"
"mybatonroug yeah keep it up, guys!"
skipandpet enlighten me
An eye-phone?  what' that? midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you'r gay as fuck
trump verbreit verschwörungstheorien und rassistisch beleidigungenusa uswahl afdigital16 clinton… 
fergusonrememb what the fuck is go on with thi country?  policebrut
obama endors nigerian leader' agenda for defeat boko haram  world news
tuna half men fishtv midnight
"""I think, frankly, donald trump' go to end up beat hillari by a surpris margin."" - newt gingrich "
"sen. blunt side with soldier' parent in tiff with trump, but doesn't withdraw endors  polit"
thingsyoucantignor your feel after eat sushi at a ga station
makemehateyouinonephras that is so offensive!
hillari clinton call on fbi to immedi releas all inform it ha on newli discov email 
sjw in a nutshel 
donald trump on roger ailes' fox new exit: 'so sad'  polit
chelsea man get pardon for leak militari secret but seth rich get kill for leak hillary's..
the gin and tonic blossom  drunkband midnight
"thinkbigsundaywithmarsha sundaybrunch sundaymorn …"""
obama issu 214 commut for drug offend  polit
thetroublewithaddict is lose peopl you truli love to an overdose. it' far too easi for an addict to obtain prescript pain pills.
"student across socal walk out, protest president-elect trump  "
whi homi set a parti while i'm working?
kasich aid slam rnc chair priebu over trump remark  polit
never forget that obama is anti-american presid that fund terrorists. 
and just when she stopped... I made she move back to me
"giuliani, back trump, appear to briefli forget 9/11  news"
disciplin is just choos between what you want now and what you want most.
gary__patriot peopl in black area don’t need gun 
legend of the hidden clitori problematickidsshow midnight
"hungary' prime minist viktor orbán endors trump, say he' better for europ and global security. "
she doesn't deserv to be a president! she must go to prison.
icelebratetrumpwith watch the market 
jenn_abram wtf!? Is she serious?
rednationris wakeupamerica ohhillno hillaryliesmatt iowacaucu newhampshiretownhal feeltheburn  
reasoniamnotpresid I feel guilti about our dirti deed all over the world
"when you see tear in my eyes, you see it' not about the win or the losses, it' about the opportunity. -ray lewi"
philli is go red! don't believe? come and check! all trump support welcomemaga… 
I just publish “hillari clinton’ thirst for war” 
A seriou eat drink man woman addamovieruinamovi midnight
3 thing to watch for at monday' first debat between hillari clinton and donald trump  polit
"brussel islamkil syrian are not our problem, and there' no doubt some ""refugees"" are isi"
courteou georg midnight maketvshowscanadian
smart guy right there!  👍🏻thi guy  came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal! 
thi is our right and thi is our gun permit issu more than two centuri ago.teaparti teapartynew 
"decemb 05, 2015 at 05:01am nflnetwork tell nfl hireblackcoach blacklivesmatt : "
and haveyoueverhadthefeel that you'r the onli one in the room who' naked?
"'I hope to god I don't have to use it,' say a man who brought a gun to a cleveland donaldtrump ralli"
advers caus some men to break
timetravelerproblem you visit donald trump a day earlier befor he decid to run in election. dang! 
"topvideo buffett: ""A whole lot"" can be learn about trump with hi tax return "
"just look what radic islam done to europe. If you support these ""people"" your human prioriti suck! ccot "
"progressivemac doe trump have tie to saudis? no, he doesn't. hillari does. still ppl like you call me racist for support him"
"mani peopl watch your life, but onli few of them know what realli happen behind the scenes. -"
whew! trump Is pump hi fist At the new that came out Of michigan second ago!  
ireallylikeyoubut you the girl my mother warn me about
"maryland church vandalized: 'trump nation, white only'  "
trump famili is a healthi family! rncincl 
demndeb clintonemail won’t help our economi to ‘move on’ demdeb
"We need to build the wall trump’ been talk about, period. "
meanwhil there' a ban on all the isra citizen in saudi arabia. pretti much sum it upmuslimban 
"demdeb hundr of dead soldiers, ruin live and new conflict everi year. vote for hillari demdebatemiami "
she doesn't need so much step 
I can't go back to yesterday  – becaus I wa a differ person then.  – lewi carrol
when you think thi elect cycl can't get ani better you get dikileak 
the greatest pleasur in life is do what peopl say you couldn't do.
nancyleegrahn let' put hillaryforprison2016 where she belongs! trumpforpresid
"""keep the peopl ignorant"" is a slogan of hillary' campaign &amp; the media hillarycoverageiscrap "
trump still say mexico will pay for wall; mexico beg to differ  break
polic and protest outsid the republican nation convent in cleveland 
malcolm X advoc violenc and doesn't deserv to be a hero inmemoryofmalcolmx
dear safe space millennials! get your head out of your ass and make yourselv use already! 
back to work: congress return to washington ahead of elect  news
We all have lost confid in fbi director comey today..so sad that he chose the polit elit but not the ame… 
"you can’t live for other people. you’v got to do what’ right for you, even if it hurt some of the peopl you love. dailyteen"
that' how black peopl show their respect for our contryblacklivesmatt 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart last week' playhous 90 sure test the boundari of what thi new televis invent can do!
If we'r so dumb to let the histori repeat i'm done with all thi crap.teapartynew theteaparti polit 
myfarewellwordswouldb it' A final countdownta-da dam TA dam dam 
merkel hat ein stabil regierung geschaffen merkelmussbleiben
"finally, we have a presid who doesn't hate americamaga "
"happi (late) bday, i'm glad we have the same tast in guy trumpforpresid"
breakfast: A meal eaten in the morn  toefl berni michel obama flotu stanconfess andthatswhenistartedcri
obama: libya airstrik critic to US secur  news
I hope that you'r there when I need ya
"bodi doubles, secret doctors: clinton conspiraci theori blossom after pneumonia diagnosi  polit"
baltimorepost rip
... 
latino bay area trump support warn nation  news
great and wise NY sheriff! the nation need a lot more like him guns4ni
foodbust makeamoviefat 
'i'd never invad the us. there would be a gun behind everi blade of grass.' - japanes marshal admir I. yamamoto 
rip prayers4california sanbernardino shoot is a real tragedi
not all democrat are with hillari clinton... 
clinton and trump court ohio voter on labor day 
sometim I feel that I should go and play with the thunder
the six million looni man maketvshowscanadian midnight
refuge are not welcom 2016in4word merri christma and happi new year! 
"gop congressman on trump: 'honestly, I don't care for him much'  |  "
"unionsfrakt fordert konsequenzen au eugh-urteil. manchmal denk ich, dass eugh völlig weltfremd ist! asylkris"
retweet if you are certain that donald trump will beat hillari and becom the 45th presid of the unit states!🇺🇸 
two tick to the game!!!
tylor rock in thi song 
analysis: it’ not just clinton and trump. american trust no one and noth 
congrat justintrudeau you won last night in quebec citi 
hillari clinton is a super predator. protestor know hillari is a racist. hillary4prison neverhillari 
look at these candidates! they all look much better than hillari or berni gopdebatesc
A new survey show american think obama is the worst of the 12 u.s. presid sinc 1945. 
american who live near border say trump' wall is unwelcom  
"breaking: muslims' celebr of ramadan in telaviv end with 2 killed, 9 wound in terrorist attack! …"
makemusicreligi martyr' Of invent
donald trump Is endors by nearli 90 militari figur  news |  
clinton bu tour look for inroad with gop  polit |  
"love is a cage. these word on a page carri the pain, they don't free it."
I will never apolog for protect my family.d with it!!! 2abanislamnotgun makeitstop trump2016 
megyn kelli and mark fuhrman exploit san bernardino shoot To smear blacklivesmatt As terror enabl …
He is good. nothingbeatsglob
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics' 
mitchellvii exactly. rat alway eat rats.
who fund clinton' democrat convent in philadelphia? 
none of thi happen to me when I use axe 😭😭  
obamaswishlist to convinc trump that 9/11 is not my fault
sometim music is all you need to make you feel better. powerfulansw
silent hillari  makeamoviehillari
klau von dohnanyi warnt die spd vor einer koalit mit der linkspartei. auch sozialisten glauben nicht an link
"thingstodoinawaitingroom silent stare at other people, judg them internally."
washdconlin thi is pretti fun 2 watch
trumpbecaus and he hasn't chang hi polit view sinc then. awesome. He is the real deal 
mork and sydney midnight  maketvshowsaustralian
valentinesdayin3word where am I?
when halli met sarri japanamovi midnight
ksnt new polit analyst discuss cruz controversi at day 3 of rnc  news
i'd rather lose an argument to you than lose you to an argument.
oscarnom muslim women are lead the jihad of pen becaus of whoismuhammad not despit it oscarformuhammad
A ‘short-circuit’ on f.b.i. inquiry? hillari clinton seek ...  |  
wearhoodiefortrayvon and tweet your photos! let the whole world know about thi murder!
survivalguidetothanksgiv get stone beforehand
ich mag sie für die standhaftigkeit  bei ihrer haltung  merkelmussbleiben
messupaquot  “they’r bring pugs. they’r fight crime. they’r not rapists.” - realdonaldtrump on mexicans.
"poll show obama’ refuge plan tanking, peopl think trump better at protect from terror "
"thi woman is spit and shout a racial slur at a black couple. now she say ""it ha noth to do with race.""… "
"""the media are the world’ most dishonest people.” - donald J trump "
matt lauer will moder the first forum between donaldtrump and hillaryclinton 
hillaryaccomplishmentshav the most anti-american supporters. 
candid are arriv gopdeb 
amaz to see mani black &amp; white arm in arm show uniti for trump! 
topvideo blue guitarist b.b. king in hospic 
ohio trump support that switch from democrat to republican to support mr. trump!nbcnewsforum 
socialist will never get that. that' whi social alway fails.makeamericagreatagain 
danni davi “not A happi camper” after trump’ win  
most american don’t want u.s. to accept ani syrian refugees: poll islamkil brussel
etwa zum kindertag: 14-jährige mädchen wird au schulstund geholt und nach nepal abgeschoben 
the car in front !  thingsyoucantignor
thousand of deplor &amp; basementdwel line up for trump ralli in manheim!but media pretend it' not newswo… 
bonjour twitter ! monpremiertweet
vape
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  don't vote for nader.  don't vote for obama.  don't vote for obama (again).  all that glitter is not gold!!!
firearm stand next in import to the constitut itself guns4ni
just monsters!!! 
ihaveadreamthat one day all peopl will have equal right
you onli tell me stuff I alreadi know. I know who I am. whi do I need you to tell me?
I think that peopl gener like to find their own way.  – tom hiddleston ff
I think that thi video is a bachelor parti 
trump retreat from vow to deport all live in US illeg 
malcolm X is not hero and islamistheproblem inmemoryofmalcolmx 
"gop unity, trump' speech, and ohio voters: five thing i'm look for at the republican nation convention: d...  cleveland polit"
itsriskyto put babi in the corner
father of puls nightclub shooter attend hillari clinton ralli  break
donald trump to protester: Go home to mom  polit
" and in case the brusselsattack wasn't enough to show what islam can do, check bangladesh. islamkil islamkil"
trump would resum sale of militar gear to polic  polit
hillaryrottenclinton trumpvshillari  trumpforpresid
thank you for let us know that we are no longer a democracy!podestaemails14 
stopislam islamkil if we want america to stay safe we must say no to refuge
gop deleg make it official: trump' their choic  polit
trump avoid vietnam-era draft with 5 defer  polit
liesmentel i'll make america great again 
japanamovi toyota stori midnight
clinton play role of command in chief  polit
"the differ between dem and gop when there is a mass shooting, gop offer sympathy, dem call for guncontrol  prayers4california"
junior' farm-to-t earthdaysong midnight
"gopdeb I am a conserv and I total support gop! they care about america, not about oil, money and warfar vegasgopdeb"
success is someth you attract by the person you become.  – jim rohn
"guns4ni when you can't protect yourself by law, it' call slavery, and you'r the slave"
"super, man... stonedcomicbook midnight"
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel когда в мире закончится этот ад?
hillari clinton send second ladi to phx 
wire make first ever endors of hillari clinton  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik almost anyth I mean anyth
whi doe bill clinton go free and bill cosbi get prosecuted?deb 
"hous gop nomin ryan as speaker, with trump’ support  "
the whole basi of or live in a free countri is freedom of speech slaveryofspeech
white hous wa built by slave - michel obama unknownscandalsofhistori
trump formal nomin as republican presidenti candid  polit
truman did a lot to make america great! happybirthdayharrytruman
play rock paper scissors. betteralternativetodeb 
2get and 2give creat mani problem so just doubl it 4get and 4give slove all problem
donald trump say he will crack down on internet porn while...  |  
and whi hasn't blacktwitt found ani of these people. Or are they more facebook types.  
"watch:obama liter saying: ""we are train isis."" debat "
donald trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign 
"stop ""feel guilti for what you have  -&gt;bi around the world poverty,&lt;-  they don't have """" WE the peopl """" don't want it either pjnet"
thi muslim know what he is talk about!liber betray america!neverhillari trump2016 
betteralternativetodeb late-night shows: they do the same but funnier
We think k.j.' readi too... 
gop Up for grab | polit cartoon | a.f. branco  pjnet tcot ccot 
twitter keep ban for tell the truth‼️rt to notifi jack that he is an assholelik to show support for… 
brussel islamkil but but .... 0bama said. widow and children... brusselsattack norefugeeswelcom 😒
cop mass arrest and brutal pepper spray 83 nativ american who were pray for an end ro the illeg dakota ac… 
mirekuappah johnroedo sigh...
chuck woolery: ted cruz is closer to reagan than anyon in thi race.  cruzcrew pjnet tcot ccot cruz2016 
"we'r just hang around, burnin' it down, sippin' on some cold jack daniel's, jammin' to some old alabama. jasonaldean"
islamkil muslim the faith that want to kill and rage war on christian
"polit dnc day 3 top moments: obama back clinton, knock trump"
that is so awfulbut so funnybut way too awfulfirstladyrulebook 
sander voter in a nutshell. they are still out there not understand economics! presidentelecttrump 
true feminist should stand against islam! women vote for hillari clinton are vote against women 
mustbethem hahaha
thi offic pull a gun on a black motorcyclist for seemingli no reason.. 
"congress say 'thanks, obama,' for not block bill he veto  polit"
pompeii
and you will never know just how beauti you are to me
london terroranschläge: zahl der opfer steigt auf siebenlondonbridg london prayforlondon londonattack
pakistan court grant bail to supermodel held for smuggl cash  world news
iknewweweredoom when I found out that some peopl spend more than $50 on shoes...
midnight calgari unmarri maketvshowscanadian
topvideo tourist flock to trump tower in new york 
thi elect is about the direct of our countri and about the better futur of our children! everi vote matters… 
"wright state univers in dayton pull out of host first presidenti debate: ""I can't assur the safeti of ...  cleveland polit"
parent of murder dnc staffer seth rich call for public' help  
minnesota islamist on terror list get commerci driver’ licens to drive semi-trucks!  
⚡️ “to ignor Or not To ignore?”
trumpcampaignslogan No mexican allow
who is respons for thi setup in ferguson? police? doj? authorities? copswillbecop
crazi ex-milkmaid cowtv midnight
halloweenpartytodolist sip your drink everi time you see someon dress as harley quinn
thingspeopleontwitterlik joerogan bigjayoakerson and therealrussellp
Do you give as much energi to your dream as you do to your fears? – unknown
"rage alcoholic, not fit for presid maga  hillaryforprison2016 election2016   trumpforpresid"
media delus is that easy. cnn is a propaganda tool for dnc and hillari clinton 
"it' about the talent, not about the color! oscarhasnocolor oscar"
iknewweweredoom when we start give no talent rich kid their own TV show and call them celebr
poll: Do you think trump or clinton will win the 3rd presidenti debat (10/19/16)? 
pwtn2017 bonniegranni I guess you'r miss the veri essenc of thi quot
spu2 drunkband midnight
"rememb brit mock trump, now they are go to build a wall in calais!! "
islamkil are we done with the religionofpeac bullshit yet? islamkil islam brussel trueislam
man-mad global-warming? tri ice-ag uk:  tcot senatemajldr
sen. kirk disavow trump in spanish TV Ad 
thingsyoucantignor  boob
"cats, bacon, sex bots, polit arguments, shitti half time shows, and hashtag thingspeopleontwitterlik"
"breaking: gop alleg massiv voterfraud in broward county, florida! "
RT if you think t.i. Is the best rapper in the game today
cuomo say president-elect trump could be a 'bonus' for n.y.  
ani state with happi peopl  perfectstatein5word
chicago white cock sexysport midnight
say hello to my second amend friend  mynewcatchphrasei
jame gold bond superoldhero midnight
 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
It wa a woman wear a suicid vest that just now blew herself up in paris! how mani femal refuge are isis? islamkil
lordmonett when I read your comment the onli person I wanna shoot is myself
makemusicreligi babi got buddha
whi wouldn't they?billclinton 
reasonsiaintinarelationship   i guess am over qualifi believeme! total disaster!
liberals: at least 8 tran youth die by suicid after trump’ winnon of the report death have been confirmed… 
In 5 minut you'll get real pleasur with giselleevn 
sometimestwittermakesm googl hashtag that I don't understand 
rememb that gun can save your life guns4ni
polit koch donor retreat conven under trump' shadow
topnew washington state farmwork yell 'kill me' befor he wa shot: offic
"what’ better than frolicking, follies, fallin in mud? roll in green pastures, wandering, follow love. – chanc the rapper"
"politweec war, what is it good for..."
girl over think. boy never think. iamonfir
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
donald trump weigh post-elect option if he lose  news 
clinton’ ‘nasty’ trump ad are mostli hi own word  news
jung-unternehm bieten sportlern bald kost mit insekten an 
.marcorubio: we'r take america back  tcot 
tonnag twaddl for treason  renamemillionwomenmarch
Ok thenliber are insan 
how I met your udder  cowtv midnight
thingsnottaughtatschool safeti
iran need us! We don`t need it! kerrydosmth
"mark levin: after cruz win iowa, the new media again disappoint  teaparti tcot women ccot christian espn 2A"
thefollow joecarroll: all I ever want was... tvquot quot quot jamespurefoy
obama say new black histori museum tell stori of america  
environ CC german scientist to conduct nuclear fusion experiment: the nuclear fusi...  uniteblu tcot :-(
trump ha 2-point edg in bloomberg polit poll of florida  polit
the electro kool aid acid test midnight stonedcomicbook
hillari clinton fli with obama on plane one. system is more corrupt than we thought. all under obama' reign 
inde why?liberallogicimwithhernow 
"track and if there' no grass on the field, play in the mud. sexysport midnight"
So i'll just keep on sing 'caus I don't wanna talk! rap
A word to the wise ain't necessari  – it' the stupid one that need the advice.
"icelebratetrumpwith paint my black door orange, lol "
maketvshowscanadian mickey moos
"election2016: trump ain’t new, and clinton ain’t savior  | "
bone In the usa! dogsong midnight
"trumpbecaus ""our leader are dummies. they don't know what' go on. it' true, they'r incompetent."" ⚊ realdonaldtrump 🌰💪🏼"
heartbreak pic! our current govern doesn't give a f*ck about the live of american heroes! veteransmatt 
"It is a man that make truth great, not truth that make man great."
virginia kkk group ‘set record straight’ on trump remark 
jeden tag versucht frau merkel die problem der bevölkerung lösen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
train up a child in the way he should go
princ wa a great person! princerip  
heavenli creatur eat like hellish beast makeamoviefat
thi is realli worth reading! free trade deal have never been use for develop economi
meanwhil in the white houseobamatownhal 
merkel hat die finanzen saniert merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
"trumpbecaus show me someon without an ego, and i'll show you a loser 👻🎅🏿👻"
americanhistoryisblack hate is too great a burden to bear. It injur the hater more than it injur the hated. great quot
the ocmen maketvsexi
updat from the dnc: sander campaign tri to calm it deleg  stloui
"rest in peace, musician and legend, chuck berry. "
thanksobama for all those golf victori you dedic to the american peopl
sonnygirard kyliewylie78 He ha seen the light &amp; come to the realiz that trump is the way.i hope the mani like him follow suit
gareth bale
what is he doing?? 
foundat donor given access to hillari clinton 
congrats! when are we to renam the US feder court to the shariah court of the us? wakeupamerica trump2016 
idontneedacostumebecaus I alreadi have one 😉 but I won't show it
whi are girl so mean?
hillari clinton physic unfit into office. more than that she' moral unfit. hillari is a crimin sickhillari 
"peopl will forget what you said, peopl will forget what you did, but peopl will never forget how you made them feel."
maga trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain trumptrain wakeupamerica thi is import  trumpforpresid
islamkil devast what' happen in brussel prayforbrussel prayforbelgium brussel
"trump say putin is 'not go to go into ukraine,' despite...  |  "
fetch you by cee Lo dogsong
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart kid whi is the cashier look at yall with the binocular
"If you'r go through hell, keep going. -winston churchil"
"trump, clinton: the most dislik u.s. presidenti candid ever?  polit"
trump is not racist! those who came to the US legal understand thi 
omg!! that wa emercy?? will anyon tell us what` go on? phosphorusdisast
happybirthdayharrytruman great presid and honor man!
"If a thing loves, it is infinite. -william blake"
"decis 2016: presid obama to trump ‘come on, man” "
like A virgin mari madonna makemusicreligi
"obama convent speech to focu on economy, clinton’ abil  polit"
.berniesand support from michigan at demsinphilli 
"cdu-wahlprogramm: schöner plan für ein welt ohn armut. meiner meinung nach, die union hat da best programm! "
day 2 at rnc: trump take republican nomin  polit
prisonforhilari trump2k16 trumpforpresid
👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇trump slaughter hillary🔪🔪🔪deb
"dear My best friends, no one can replac you in my life."
9 y.o. zianna oliph deliv an emot testimoni to the charlott citi council. i'm in tears... 
whi republican women say they'r ralli behind melania trump 
"taxesforalqaeda obama support isi and Al qaeda, doesn’t he?"
topnew new york citi to pay $5.9 million to famili of eric garner
rechtsrock-konzert in thüringendi rechtsradikalen strippenzieh von themar
NC gop apolog to tim kain over tweet  polit |  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari hand grenad with no ring
self appreci myself more my4wordnewyearsresolut
"donald trump reiter that he love babies, call media d...  |  "
"topnew briton in trump gun incid could die in u.s. prison, mother say"
"trump' foreign polici manifesto: less dogmatic, still vapid | editori "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari An afghan wear a backpack
did you know that muslim condemn the univers declar of human right ? 
wherewerey when obama appoint thi man - who appar share belief with 9/11 attack - feder judge? 
"julian assang say hillari clinton sold weapon to isi in syriaand who' the ""nation disgrace"" now?  dncleak"
those who hammer their gun into plowshar will plow for those who do not guns4ni
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""what a good parent."""
the highest function of love is that it make the love one a uniqu and irreplac being.  – tom robbin
makeabookwarm danger fri
reuter cut feed just as donald trump is be bless by bishop jackson. trumpindetroit riggedsystem 
trump' VP pick nix greater cinci visit  news
"polls: trump, clinton deadlock in colo., penn.  polit"
'we'v seen emerg of an out of touch polit class. clinton is epitom of that!' ~ nigel_farage… 
misogyni congeni allmalereboot midnight
MT scripture_truth: prayer is powerful!  renewu  pjnet  ccot   
"medium, low-sodium chili peppers: blood-sugar sex malox retireasongorband"
heartwarm report footag from the recent liber manbij 
"As trump land In orlando, look what policeman from everywher surpris him with!  "
"presid obama to visit louisiana tuesday, white hous say "
trump-clinton race test senat race in reliabl gop georgia 
"brussel islamkil So sad to hear about the explos in brussels, such a beauti citi prayforbrussel"
berni is good at promis a great load of free stuff but not a word about who’ go to pay for it demdebatemiami
thingsnottaughtatschool how to lie in bed all day long and still get paid
clinton say she wa simpli overh as health issu smolder  polit
muslim want 'islam terrorists' text remov from 9/11 monument. we'll never forget! they can't censor the truth! 
honorforthebrav polic offic are those who chose to be hero in everyday life 
hillaryclinton repjohnlewi liar
m*a*s*h pumpkin  addabandtoatvshow
independ mcmullin narrowli lead trump in utah: emerson poll  polit
"hillari clinton' history-mak nomin led to childhood flashback: sure, one of my favori...  detroit news"
"I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could'v been somebody, instead of a trump, which is what I am. onewordoffmoviequot"
"rich1281 much appreciated, thank"
watch: trump deliv victori speech  
doubl standart as they are 
k9rott that would be the funniest thing to happen. would washington pay their bill then? hint: he doesn't give a f*ck about them
We will soon know the true extent of hillary' health problem when she use them to avoid go to jail ~ eastwoodusa 
one dncleak is not enough to stop absolut corrupt dnc. We need second phase wikileak neverhillari 
retweet if you also think that donald trump gave one of hi best speech tonight in charlotte! bravo!nakedtrump 
the black whiskey drunkband midnight
democrat destroy latino communities! help him to spread hi word!trumptrain 
meangirlsrul don’t be happi
My moral got me on my knee
whyimgangsta becaus pokemongo is squadgoal
i'v never seen a more dumb and self-congratulatori at the same time person. doe she realiz it wa filmed? 
"well, isn't it obvious? I mean it' not rocket science, c'mon! onli brainwash libtard think she isn't involved… "
cleveland indian honor larri dobi with statue: the cleveland indian have honor larri do...  #…
I like It ruff dogsong midnight
black intellig is one of the most highli fear thing in thi country. 
liber protest after a fair elect but didn't when the dnc screw bernie.. it' pretti strange… 
thingstoknowabouttwitt U gotta have a great sens of humor to understand it
racism racist :-( what gareth cliff' victori mean for rule of twar against racism: ilive...  uniteblu tcot
obama keep on talk about how safe we are and declar we have no isi threat.  
"not all muslim are terrorists, but over 25, ooo islam terror attack sinc 9/11 islamkil brussel"
My teammat = famili
disko-schießerei in konstanz kein islamistisch verbrechen 
 mini rifl
trump2016 trumpforpresid trumpbecaus he could actual get shit done !! 🐽🐽🐽
sweeney: christie' 'audit for trump cabinet' hold up n.j. road fund deal
when peopl can't get over thing in the past
you know that  sander in ridicul outmatched. all hail trump gopdeb vegasgopdeb
michel obama for presid 4wordgreatidea
offendeveryonein4word twitter is for losers.
It sure look like melania trump copi her speech from michel obama 
breaking: We have proof that hillari clinton rig half the vote machin in america!  
all is vaniti and vexat of spirit.
who are we to say?    pjnet wakeupamerica tcot ccot tgdn
"obama said ""trump' doom-and-gloom doesn't match reality"" and yet we have anoth terrorist attack in munichdelud democrat as alway"
"watch: ""we'r gonna put a lot of coal miner outta business!"" ~ hillari clinton superherohillari "
I think men who have a pierc ear are better prepar for marriage. they'v experienc pain and bought jewelry.
die erst frau al kanzler merkelmussbleiben
lostin3word My husband' drive
A hard all-night at the offic will alway be signifi by a chines takeout contain  tvlifelessonsilearn
I don't wanna be afraid. I wanna wake up feel beauti today and know that i'm okay cause' everyone' perfect in unusu way
"kerri defend syria deal with russia, say obama back plan  world news"
800.000 isi terrorist are now cri becaus they don't have a twitter account anymor isiswatchingy
obama: u.s. welcom muslim refuge with ‘an open heart’  polit
iamonfir I hate when you treat me so special for one day and next day i'm just noth for you.
hillarysolymp blackwat founder: hillari ‘veri like caused’ iranian nuclear scientist’ death
ificouldntli I couldn't have kept it secret anymore: I stole your dog. He is great and you'r an asshol …
horton hear a whore  onewordoffbook midnight
dick pic  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"when it get tough, never give up, for it will strengthen you further."
topvideo trump rais specter of crisi with clinton in white hous 
ffrnn classroom pjnet  guest lectur georgecarlin - who realli control america viral 
halloween at bill clinton inc.: darci cartoon  polit
women for trump wait on the man himself to start speaking!womenfortrump 
the onli thing to do with good advic is pass it on. It is never ani use to oneself.
it' difficult to follow your dream. it' a tragedi not to.
dnc' lame plan to take public attent off their screw of berni sander is to blame the russian. 
"trump give $10 million, still short on invest promis "
My peopl get it done!! beckywiththebadgrad staymadabbi blackexcel 
trump accus clinton of rig debat schedule: donald trump late friday accus hillari clinton of intenti... 
"angela bassett, sigourney weaver light up dnc’ third day  entertain"
haaa!hillaryforprison 
i'v got at least one more bodi caviti where I can stuff someth els onc I lift it from a bust pack. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
ihavearighttoknow whi doe inflamm and flammabl mean the same thing?
administr under obama &amp; hillari have set america back to stone age for nation security!thursdaythought 
youtubechannelsine how to stop pplay hashtag game all day long
haha that’ great 
"breaking: freedom act pass senate, freedom die   via 3tags_org pjnet"
survivalguidetothanksgiv expos your children to all sort of virus day prior then cancel at the last minut due to illness.
addasongruinamovi stand by Me and julio down by the schoolyard
"where there are shadows, there is a light."
christian
"john W. vessey jr., who wa chairman of joint chiefs, die ...  |  "
i`m so distressed!!! I feel so tensed!!! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
day 2 of gop convent  polit
new york city: topless street perform too risquг© for time squar
batman
jar of heart songshannibalwoulds
"the latest: trump, clinton 1 seat apart at Al smith dinner "
thingsnottaughtatschool time manag
"may grace and glori come shine through and help our nation at thi critic time, where good defeat evil in this…trumpforpresid"
"san bernardino shoot kill up to 12 at social servic agency, sourc say guns4ni"
have you actual tri it? 
phoenix high school student protest donald trump  
talent hit a target no one els can hit
nocybercensorship shout out to chicago 
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits."" "
"madam president, loltrump2016 "
"I do not want peopl to be veri agreeable, as it save me the troubl of like them a great deal"
the truthi of rand paul  --  one of mani reason I dont trust him  --    pjnet ccot
aidno between 5am and 7am
both are so damn sexi and hot 
 so. much. editing!!!!
"reagan rate as best presid of modern era, guess who is worst?  pjnet tcot rednationris obama"
driver use cardboard trump head in carpool lane 
clinton campaign: No health issu after mail powder found 
rand paul critic hillari clinton dure california trip 2016elect
europ is lost: muslim rapefuge riot in holland.. polic is helpless! don't let it happen to america! 
prosecutor didn't charg polic in 96 percent of alleg civil right violat in past 20 years:  policebrut
there' no need in surveil tool like patriot act anymor surveillanceday
your talent make you who you are. you should be proud of it
"A woman is a woman, but a good cigar is a smoke"
igetdepressedwhen trump open hi mouth...
No law can protect you better than yourself prayers4california
thingstoknowabouttwitt it help you network with other
gop convent open with moment of silenc for baton rouge...  |  
meanwhil in the white house...chelseamanhattan 
drug dealer is first prison inmat to reject obama' clemenc 
 kim and kany wed
I can do all thing through christ who strengthen me.
wir haben ein gute kanzlerin! merkelmussbleiben
"trumpaz to african americans-""keep vote for the same people, and you'll keep get the same horribl results."" "
trump: stop-and-frisk answer wa on chicago  polit
politweec fair investig need
philippin scrambl to sooth tension after obama slur  news
electionday the harder the battl the stronger the victori trumpwinsbecaus trumpforpresid
super 
fetish play-off  sexysport midnight
"virginia governor terri mcauliff wa caught trade favor with podesta. friend will be friends, you know...… "
brainwash empir doesn't know how to think.  conspiracysong midnight
"In today' america, you can discrimin against white peopl only. liber hypocrisy! "
the hang out at the park knight midnight superoldhero
"protestor on fox &amp; friend shout ""bill clinton is a rapist!"" factcheck: true.basementdwel "
will on friar makemusicreligi
"""unarm black men and women kill by police"" "
"rejecteddebatetop pro/rel, the occult, whi is metal music so awesome?, truth, cilantro overusage- the culinari conspiraci"
7 muslim arrest age 15-21 after burn christian man alive. RT if you want to banislam 
inkofsquid kkk is a democrat organ
youmightbearacist if you blame color instead of specif peopl
barfag  drunkband midnight
I take it that what all men are realli after is some form or perhap onli some formula of peace.  – joseph conrad
thefirst100daystodolist send secret messag use sign languag 
chicago nut sock midnight  sexysport
betteralternativetodeb appli to hogwart
"veterans' grave were vandal at a cemeteri in west bridgewater, MA just befor the veteransday teapartynew "
how wonder it is that nobodi need wait a singl moment befor start to improv the world.  – ann frank
white powder scare at hillari clinton’ nyc campaign offic 
stopislam islamkil prayer for brussels... prayforbrussel regrann 
stopislam No entry..syrian refuge are not welcome! islamkil
sometimesitsokto serv look
"hah, rli strange!! "
"no! when I ask about 'brown sugar' I meant a stone cd! not flavor mouth wash, you retard bitch! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"we'r sick of your studi politeness, america need the leadermaga "
our govern is infect by corruption. onli donald J. trump give us a chanc to break up the washington cartel.… 
"honorforthebrav you like film cops? better tri to film that guy who stole my car, you asshole!"
"love"""
whereshillary' crowd? 
your silenc will not protect you. antipolicebrutalityday
"trump, clinton duel over economy, job  polit"
translation: hillari arrogantli lie under the oath whi she left them to diehillaryforprison benghazi 
"I know it' early, but mayb sleep?  whatiwantforchristmasin4word "
dnc 2016: read the text of hillari clinton’ accept speech  |  
5 thing clinton need to do to win first presidenti debat 
"Of course,  all who mock gop debat - wake up and look around. We need a strong leader now vegasgopdeb"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari chines explos
franc is destroy 1868 cathol church while allow 2800 mosqu to be build. islam must be stopped! 
So sad that now we just have to choos the lesser evil 
songmakesmetearup i'm A lost boy is depress
let' shut cnn down!
you'r dumb 
germani is a good exampl what a woman in power is capabl oftrump2016 
join us to stop hillari clinton from enter the white house! neverhillari 
"trump: i’m run against media, not hillaryclinton "
"""the left in thi countri is a cancer"" - nero rncincl trumppence16 trump2016 gopconvent "
clintonmail is a total mess! whatclintonwrit
omichalski sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
flüchtling sind ein chanc unser land zu verjungen merkelmussbleiben
"thanksobama for help the poor…oh, right, thi never happen"
reasonstoprotest premature…anyth 
jurass trailer park redneckamovi midnight
"obama, hill leader meet ahead of feder fund deadlin "
nahleennot *typo
don't believ a singl word from hillari clinton' mouth. her lie cost american liveshillaryclintonsearchterm 
what if it' not hillarysbodydoubl but she' a straw doll and her life-enhanc spell is almost over? 
trump surrog struggl to speak for him  news
We need more courag peopl like ulster counti sheriff paul van blarcum guns4ni
in deutschland man kann derart frei und sicher leben merkelmussbleiben
iranian deal will obvious be the main topic gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","""
melbourn graffiti artist spray burqa over provoc hillaryclinton mural 
nationalrat: pflegeregress wird abgeschafft 
"As usual, there is a great woman behind everi idiot"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm shit the fuck up.
me!! becaus I am awesome! and veri humbl  thingspeopleontwitterlik
our hashtag game start in 25 minutes!
daili reminder: rep. sheila jackson lee wa wear a hillari pin while investig hillary! 
"""aboot A boy"
red eye tornado  stonedcomicbook
jenn_abram sound improb
happi birthday to Dr martin luther king! happybirthdaymlk blacklivesmatt staywok
a-happi day addabandtoatvshow
"the real trump trump about you"" watch make 1   tcot pjnet 1A 2A trump trump2016 "
"topvideo pence: ""trump' gonna 'drain the swamp'"" "
"imalwaysokwith a shot, a beer, and a bong hit."

you can't control the thing that happen to you but you can control the way you react to them.
antonellakalch sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
some thought about violenc at a pro-trump event in california
not all the democrat have reach the point of no returntrump2016 democratsfortrump 
trump alway ha time to meet with the police! bluelivesmatt 
ha thi patriot act brought up ani results? don't think so surveillanceday
"hey, guess what! I don't care."
definit a
video show tussl over nake hillari clinton statu in nyc 
jeder mensch zählt und jede talent wird gebraucht merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
"and tell me again, whi is everyon mad at her? "
foke vice presidenti debat see tim kain go all out attack on trump  foke
chines massag parlor thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
"I can't afford it, moreki would brick me in a week reasonsiaintinarelationship"
gopdeb these are the peopl who can stop illeg imigr vegasgopdeb
smile doesn't mean strong. cri doesn't mean weak. sometim smile is her loudest cri
"it' islam not the vet process, we don't need them here! islamkil"
malia obama ha no right to behav like an averag teenagerwhat type of role model is she? the worst. 
milwaukeevoic new win of america! great
well would you look at that? imnotwithh 
"the love of pink floyd' ""money"" is the root of all evil makemusicreligi"
young black male kick democrat to the curb:   pjnet blacklivesmatt
i'm not ignor you. i'm just wait to see if you'll make an effort.
"first of three debat will be a huge moment for clinton, trump  polit"
beyoncé dancer are dress like black panthers. staywok bhm sb50 pepsihalftim 
"reminder: donald trump creat 60,000+ jobs..firstsevenjob "
signsyouareamerican you heat your hous with dollar
amenreligionofpeac 
"i'd rather have the vice presid who believ the earth is 6,000 year old than the one who believ in 6,000 gen… "
big_black_coq agre
"c_lindner sehr geehrter herr lindner, würden sie für merkel stimmen geben? merkelmussbleiben"
sorri forgot To wake Up  cancelplansin5word
"huffingtonpost by ""spiraling"", do you mean ""give corrupt hillari a run for her money""? trump trump2016 imnotwithh indicthillari"
"charl judg Jr and jonathon prin were kill tri to defend a woman from mill in chapin, sc. "
makeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump in election2016 trumpforpresid
chitti chitti kiss kiss bang bang addamovieruinamovi
the possibl are numer onc we decid to act and not react.
cnn had joe walsh on after he threaten to kill obama and call for a race war.cnn is a bottom feeder. 
2016electionin3word are you kidding?
"oh, bummer! presidentelecttrump "
paus thi presidency? i'd rather doubl it!
imvotingbecaus the futur of our countri depend on my voteelectionday electionnight ivot 
call someth marriag doe not make it marriage. gaylovematt
sally_sitwel mayb he' russian?
'if I wa american I would vote for anyon but hillari clinton..' ~ marin Le pen 
iknewweweredoom when thi didn't end it. 
it' anoth lone evenin' summer
the preacher' wifebeat  redneckamovi midnight
blacklivesmatt are domest terrorist that will solv nothing. liber support them are against uniti 
"andrea simaki at dnc, night 4: hillari clinton in white -- a cool, clean slate: like beyonce, hillari clinton w...  cleveland polit"
I love thi guy 
the bigotri and animos toward gay will lose the sort of support they current have gaylovematt
"'there'r not respect the polic anymore, and the polic are afraid to do anything' ~ donald trump "
7 best quot from monday at the rnc 2016 convent
"must watch""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.… "
senthomtilli should we be afraid of the water contamin with phosphorus? they say it` massive!!
"quitter never win, and winner never quit."
georg soros: I fund her.i own her.imwithhernow 
"trump: ""I have no patienc for injustice, no toler for govern incompetence.""rncincl"
"now, black is the color of hatr oscarhasnocolor"
send peni pic thingspeopleontwitterlik
texasbaseballma didn't you know?
trump campaign ceo accus of anti-semit remark  polit
the ugli semi side of hillary. hillaryforprison2k16 
"sanders, clinton campaign join forc to prevent dnc protest  polit"
the list is endless 
those who hire rioter should be prosecuted! trump2016 
A rich nation that let poor children starv and veteran becom homeless is moral bankrupt demdebatemiami
"thingspeopleontwitterlik hmm- they like to follow, so you follow back, then unfollow. thi process is veri strang to…"
"presid obama grant bill maher' wish, will appear on 'real time' "
ireallylikeyoubut you support donald trump.
alway have a backup wishbon survivalguidetothanksgiv 
hill street blue oyster cult addabandtoatvshow
donald trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari clinton for president!trumpwon 
dwarf live matter  wokemovi 
"german polic arrest two syrian and a bosnian thursday for war crime in syria, includ mass murder of 36 peop… "
dogsong midnight  danez Of glori
If you are read thi tweet then now you know that your tax are use to fund heroin epidemic. you'r welcome. 
50 former republican nation secur offici sign anti-trump letter  polit
трамп ответил на обвинения: «я блестяще использовал налоговую систему» 
just take a look thi young boy give money to poor giftideasforpolitician 
polit A look insid the 2016 democrat nation convent
jenn_abram oh dear god......
don't be afraid to start over. it' a brand new opportun to rebuild what you truli want.
"""presid obama is the racist"" ~ rev. mark burn "
column: hillari clinton' flaw candidaci can't mask the gop' number problem  polit
makeamericagreatagain trump trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
sander to campaign in AZ for clinton  polit
nation poll: clinton lead trump by 9: hillari clinton lead donald trump by 9 percentag point in a natio... 
keep border cross open plea from serbia to hungari
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
cathol priest blast hillari clinton 
"my2017biggesthop my waist is smaller, my wallet is thicker, my mind is more peac ❤️"
when did we start to oppress our own constitut right and the christian foundat of our society? 1A 
"ruinadinnerinonephras so, how do you person feel about hillari clinton?"
white man who made racist facebook post shoot black polic chief in okla. four time and Is allow to walk fr…
saudi-l airstrik kill 120 in yemen coastal town  news
what to expect today at the dnc  polit
just like all the other topicstcot pjnet 
school of jock itch allmalereboot midnight
noth thi woman say is trustworthy- nothing! p2 uniteblu tcot ccot  
there is noth common between racism and the confeder flag. learn the history! 
looool 😂☺️ 
"black donald trump support say ""donald trump is not a racist"" blacksfortrump "
even obama' brother vote for trump!trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
"noth new, just a toler leftist exercis hi 1A right over an oppos viewpoint "
A divid gop: trump escal feud with republican  polit
polit want trump to win? listen to kshama sawant
well behav women seldom make history.
"Is there an elect headlin contest or what?if there is, I vote for thi one "
trump to lay out plan for combat isi  polit
life long democrat &amp; hillari support sen mccaskil say she wouldn't let her daughter anywher near bill clinton! 
author charg 5 teen for defac histor black schoolhousevand paint racist messag but aren't charg… 
sunday start of realli nice and then they turn into hell at night when you realiz you have 35 hour of homework ahead of you
fat alberta maketvshowscanadian
just a remind that i love convict (2016) and y’all need to watch itkillercop convict 
election2016 hillaryforprison2016   trumpforpresid
evilhillari draintheswamp lockherup gohillari neverhillari crookedhillari maga3x today i…  trumpforpresid
did you alway call your mommi when someon slap you around or did you tri
erica garner lash out at hillari clinton campaign after the releas of the email by wikileaks.
donaldtrump cast a shadow over hi perform by refus to say he'll honor the elect 
russia' putin say obama administr doe not stick to ani deal  world news
'we'r total not terrorists' muslim brotherhood mourn terror leader who ok'd nyc bomb
thingspeopleontwitterlik the twilight zone  jcharlescomedi layingbackeatin 
trump foundat lack certif to solicit money: wapo  polit
"If you are run next to me on the treadmill, the answer is yes, we are racing."
creep away stealthili when it back is turn howtoloseyourjob
"onc you stop chase the wrong things, the right one catch you."
ohio judg recommend polic offic face charg in tamir rice case 
trump derid clinton foreign polici as ‘militari adventurism’  polit
"muslim nurs are now allow not to wash hands, becaus it somehow “compromis their modesty.”stop isalmization… "
trump call out bill clinton for torch obamacar  polit
I just publish “whi did the potu ignor the dalla shooting?” 
"phill_75 the ""no you!"" argument alway works, doesn't it? 😂"
ani questions? tcot pjnet 2A 
"onmybirthdaycak all i want. after all, it' MY birthday cake "
professor with remark track record predict a trump election!gettysburg 
pga tour preview тау wyndham championship
"if you choos to be an idiot, it' not my problem and I don't want to pay for your perman mental disorders. "
trump’ nation polit director ‘step back’: politico  polit
"analysis: clinton, trump tax plan are “mirror images”  news"
I hope trump will ban somali refugeesprayforosu
paper can't wrap up a fire. ~ chines proverb
"fmr attorney gener michael mukasey: ""we seem to be on the way to becom a middl eastern country."" milwauke "
spyderdan bless them!
... 
dear trumpprotest ersyou'r now campaign for trump' second termjust saying...
mccain slam trump for attack khan famili  polit
how I milk your mother midnight cowtv
"In baltimore, tim kain vow to be partner for citi "
live your life and forget your age.  – norman vincent peal
i'm oxygen and he' die to breath
ya'll do know thi is realli amanda bynes.. staywok ppl!!!  
"protest erupt in oakland, portland and westwood, california, last night after trump won the presidency… "
bring back job to great american compani like nissan and sony! probabletrumpstweet
"iphone7 and a boyfriend"""
when you final see one of your homi dream come to fruition 
"milwaukeevoic giiiiirl, im so sorri 4 you"
"In VP debate, penc get task with clean up for trump  news"
thingsnottaughtatschool how to prove you'r not a demon. have to learn i from obama now
minnesota twink sexysport midnight
which trump support did clinton call 'deplorable'? 
"democrat elect employe in broward county, FL caught fill out stack of absente ballots!… "
peopl are wake up! democrat betray us all!demsinphilli 
A raisin hydrat sent by tina fey.   lastminutegifts2016
i'v given my dog the respons of take care of my  todolistbeforechristma 
happi stpatricksday everyone!
"but they'r damn sure tri though, huh? blackskinisnotacrim altonsterl blacklivesmatt "
howtoconfuseamillenni 
A guy sleepi voic ha got to be the sexiest thing ever.
fuckit 
thingsyoucantignor  bed bug 
imvotingbecaus  I care about the futur of thi countri trumppence16 trumpforpresid
whi I stand when the nation anthem is played.nationalanthem 
myinfo66124908 sorri that donald trump ha to take part in thi fuck up perfom
Oh dude… 
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
communist commi pastor of china' first christian megachurch jailed: communist offici...  uniteblu tcot :-(
icelebratetrumpwith second-guess my everi life choic
dog predict presidenti election: clinton or trump? (video): We turn to the dog to predict thi complet un...  cleveland polit
instead of whitewash hate crime and sweep the whole stori under the carpet blmkidnap new york post 
congress vote to overrid obama veto on 9/11 victim bill  news 
pastor mark burns: 'it is not racist to be proud to be an american.'batonroug rncincl 
"donald trump: ""the veteran will final be taken care of properly."" gettysburg "
"fergusonrememb ""those who have the abil to know have the duti to act."" - einstein"
It is how the new potu will commun with us. virtual firesid chats. thingstoknowabouttwitt
the mcchicken h/t thingsinventedwhilehigh 
bpanderson1164 the fbi decid to renew her investig 
clinton in charlott call for action to bridg racial divid  polit
"update🚨: germani axe attack wa an ""unaccompani refugee""! "
the onli dialogu with muslim radic i'm readi to have is that between them and my gunradicalislamicterror 
the man who doe not read good book ha no advantag over the man who can't read them.  – mark twain
"henrico lawyer sought +$4 million in trump lawsuit, alleg defam "
trust me guy spi on ordinari american won't help you protect us patriotact
donald trump enlist right-w media to lead campaign  |  
sie hat zusätzlich staatsverschuldung verringert! merkelmussbleiben
let' fli into the night
ohio senat presid keith faber give a lukewarm trump endors (video): ohio senat presid keith faber ...  cleveland polit
black live don't matter if they wear blue! onli if they are crimin kill by white cops. 
 be calm and mighty!
realdonaldtrump pledg the world will be call him 'mr. brexit'. the world is confused. 
christmasaftermath where’ all my family?
new york time endors hillari clinton for presid  
"chin: clinton, trump have both turn back on tpp  polit"
obama is a crimin and washington post is fakenew 
unityin5word support all live matter movement!don't fall for  blm' toxic agenda! 
weedsillegalbut no one realli care if you smoke it.
I wish one day all the dream of malcolmx come true and all the race live in peac inmemoryofmalcolmx 
I just publish “the ugli truth about debates” 
700 inmat have been releas from gitmo and more than 200 have return to the fight or are suspect of do so 
"the truth is, everyon is go to hurt you. you just got to find the one worth suffer for"
the onli way to keep peac in your countri is not to let islamist in 
2ndamendmentday peopl must be abl to protect themselv
tadam! 
brexit will smooth trump' path to u.s. presidency: uk' farag  news
gov. mike pence' phoenix visit cap wild day in presidenti...  |  
pabloneruda: I can write the saddest poem of all tonight. i..quot quot love lovequot
"icelebratetrumpwith a good amount of sleep, it' been a long night"
believ in the future. the world is get better. there still is plenti of opportunity. –walt disney
demndeb We need not onli straight answer but also right questions! demdeb
livestream thursday' democrat nation convent speaker  |  
trump seek black voters’ support after unrest in milwauke  polit
unser kanzlerin ruht auf ihren lorbeeren nicht merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
thug life😂 lmfao!! 
"with republican gov. larri hogan at convention, gop fundrais get boost "
hillari clinton target trump' rust belt base  polit
.statedept leav contractor in afghanistan without escap plan 
I wish I could lay down besid you when the day is done and wake up to your face against the morn sun.
"thingstoknowabouttwitt contain some of the best advice, tip"
how to make a rifle! 
funni that he believ he' a real man 
donttellanyonebut I am a vegan
"I know my heart will never be the same, but i'm tell myself i'll be okay even on my weakest days."
I love the view 
nocybercensorship 12 march snowden pussyriot aiweiwei weiwei adblock amnestyintern campaign to protest censorship
"the real trump trump about you"" watch make 1   tcot pjnet 1A 2A trump trump2016 "
these girl in cage were burn alive!hillari keep say islam is a 'religion of peace'! 
💥💥💥💥💥retweet IF you also think that trump win tonight!      💥💥💥💥💥 debatenight debat
toykyo stori  japanamovi midnight
seattle-area billboard aim to counter neg view islam  local
I hope our new presid won't let refuge in 
"clever_dov good for him, not sure if it' good for the comand"
sometimesitsokto call your parent and tell them you love them 
"chart a road to 270, clinton set out most effici path  news"
whyishouldcuffup becaus my mr. cuddl bear dump me
"earth, wind, and firefly. addabandtoatvshow"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari iran nuclear deal
stopislam islamkil If 1/8 refuge are isi we should extermin all/8
mani of my friend had their trump sign stolen or destroyed..hmm🤔 doe anyon steal hillari signs?… 
 best cat vine lol
🇫🇷🚋🔫👱🏻💥💥💥👱👱 👏🏻👮🏻👏🏻👮🏻👏🏻👮🏻 emojiaweekend
isi reject pope franci &amp; claim their war is religioiu 
remote.  ambien.  check!  mybedroomin3word
girl will be girl 
here' what the elector map would look like if onli taxpay voted.. 
your parent pray you don't get into half of these school 😂🍻🙏
o'reilli believ fbi director comey is essenti a criminal. 
and I said I wouldn't call but i'm a littl drunk and I need you now
the cutiest furbal 
brussel A german woman is rape by a african/arab invad everi three days... islamkil
"well, everyon ha the right to be an idiot. i'm glad idiot are not in charg anymoremakeamericagreatagain "
my2017biggesthop Go to church everi sunday. mayb that would work out
"video: As clinton focus on debate, trump say he’d champion women "
you should stop guncontrol and start peoplecontrol prayers4california
"black rifl matter can realli make all live matter, can you see the differ with blacklivesmatt ? "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari the fbi report on hillari which of cours are bullshit too
trump say obama' dnc 2016 speech as 'good' but miss the mark
idrunforpresidentif I had dragon 
hillaryclinton neverhillari indicthillari hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
We need to remind some ignor american what it mean to be a veteran. 
fire report in forest near 2n08
An email from hilari clinton. secondhandgift
addamovieruinamovi the matrix return of the jedi
still don't know how to ruin my day? wake me up with a phone call!!
"trump: hillaryclinton could 'shoot somebodi with 20,000 peopl watching' and not be prosecut "
exactli how I feel right now..electionday 
hillari clinton said thursday that the u. border with mexico is secure. hillaryforprison2016 teaparti 
thi is trump beat the mainstream media maga  trumpforpresid
the latest:  trump say document show clinton dishonesti 
don't sacrific your time for peopl who wouldn't do the same for you.
"most of you leftist are not peac people, so stop lie say you are peac and to lovetrumpsh "
art wash away from the soul the dust of everyday life
life long democrat &amp; hillari support sen mccaskil say she wouldn't let her daughter anywher near bill clinton! 
"islamkil not all muslim are terrorists, but over 25, ooo islam terror attack sinc 9/11 brussel"
the best thing about the futur is it come one day at a time.
".govmikehuckabee: ""I am just beyond in a seeth rage over what thi administr ha done in it last days."" "
2 broke girl work at tim horton' maketvshowscanadian midnight
clinton speech motiv ariz. deleg to take on trump  polit
nake donald trump statu pop up in citi across the US 
ice t-1000 robothiphop midnight
drunkband midnight earth wind and firebal
"so, he decid to portray muslim all by himself. nice job! religionofpeac "
cancelplansin5word If i'v got enough dynamit 
humoritarian wooop
trump said to resist pressur on releas tax after nyt stori  polit
It is better to look ahead and prepar than to look back and regret. -jacki joyner-kerse
"thi is for us. and when you read that constitut and the found fathers, they intend thi to stop tyranny.  prayers4california"
"st. loui post-dispatch, missouri, novemb 8, 1908 "
hillaryclinton berniesand sold out!
man kill in capitol hill shootout identifi  local
"so, if hillari propos thi law you'r OK with that but if trump doe the same thing he threaten the first amendm… "
"ever wonder ""how to becom a polit prognosticator""??  . i'v got it figur out.  .  pjnet tcot ccot"
thingsinventedwhilehigh toweli 
"conway on poll tightening: ""mr. trump is do thi w/out the support of all republican &amp; it' quit remarkable."" "
forward pass to mouth sexysport midnight
whyishouldcuffup I need someon to pay for me
our vet deserv free educ not illeg alien who hate america and just want to get everyth for free! 
these are peopl who risk their life everi day for the sake of our and they deserv to be treat as real heroes! 
"they wanna know whi i'm so fly, a girl ask me for a ring and i put one around her whole eye  – big L"
the last man on perth (2015) maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"me, myself, i'm iri stonedcomicbook midnight"
clinton campaign conced work need to woo young voter 
clinton apolog for ‘deplorables’ trump remark  polit
"If you don't like my words, don't listen. If you don't like my appearance, don't look. If you don't like my actions, turn your head. simple."
thi is what my kid will be like when i have kid  
local ga station caus controversi with latest mural
sie macht ihr aufgab weder gut noch schlecht sondern neutral. merkelmussbleiben  tagebuch
potu goe to dinner: where obama dine in chicago friday 
that awkward moment when you realiz the organ of the womensmarch is pro sharia law islamistheproblem https://t.c…
there come a time in a man' life when to get where he ha to go  – if there are no door or window  – he walk through a wall
trump dismiss gop call to quit race: 'never' 
"clydedaws0n jenn_abram agree, someth evil 'bout thi pic"
"доброе утро! трамп приближается  к клинтон, судя по результатам опросов в ключевых штатах.  "
"sinc hashtag is trending, twitter is onli let vrifi user to be shown first nocybercensorship"
iamonfir I feel like I should be offended.
shouldbeallowedatwork special room for those who want to sleep with each other 
whi I need a credit card? what you think thi cash for?
gayweddingcak i`m sure that thi law doesn`t offend lgbt prayforgay
superoldhero true vegan villain dye gray hair red!  session of chicken.
mustbeban pointless commentari dure televis sport event
"nice one, I hope you'r happi nowfightfor15 "
"the venn-diagram circl of ""thoughtful, insight people"""
worstpaineverin3word  period cramps. period.
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm good job kid!
"dave chappelle: ""black live matter"" is the worst slogan i'v ever heard! how about ""enough is enough""? votingtrump! "
putin say u.s. hysteria over russia an elect ploy  world news
sheriff clark ask citizen to protect themselves! 
jnarl chris_1791 racism!
I love see fellow american care for our police!show thi pic to liberals! 
"carv your apolog into your wrists, let the guilt drip from your fingertips.."
how trump fare with women after the debat  polit
"So much shinin,so much diamonds,al that there come from so much grindin,so much weed up in my lung Im in the air Im somewher flyin"
top moment from the vice presidenti debat  news
gop tri to make payday lender contribut issu in missouri governor race 
itsok2begay there is no differ between civil union and homosexu marriag as far as right
islamkil waar gaat de wereld naar toe .. prayforbrussel prayforbelgium stopislam
anoth amaz pic! lationos4trumprncincl 
secur servic will becom a real power not a joke mycampaignslogan
stopp der ttip-verhandlungen!us-regierung reagiert irritiert auf gabriel' ttip-kritikstopttip bokowita EU
ihavearighttoknow... but I doubt I want to know.
cool now get a hair cut 
obama did great job destroy our country. charlotteriot 
dontjudgemefor show you the ugli truth 
ani wit to hillari attract so mani peopl even once?afterlastnightsdebatetrumpwon florida 
"tofeelbetteri smile to strangers. though most of them don't smile back, I still feel good that I did."
the girl with the dragster tattoo redneckamovi midnight
ppchistori proud to be black
my thick thigh and basic brown eye will win over someone’ heart one day
cincinnati enquir endors hillari clinton for presid  polit
hackinghillari sum up 
bullet stop balloon 
topless femen protest remov from poll station where trump vote 
rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see hillary' medic records! RT if you one of them! clintoncollaps 
itsriskyto have one more shot 
moonwalk all around the citymydoomsdayplan
clinton lead trump in nation poll ahead of debat 
"realdonaldtrump rudi giuliani: ""hillari clinton sold out our country."" clintoncash"
clinton bu tour look for inroad with gop  polit
"merkel spielt immer noch die roll der ""schwäbischen hausfrau"" merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
"trump offend parent of soldier kill in iraq, draw sharp critic "
hillari clinton say thi elect Is 'incred painful'  polit
the a-team save privat ryan  addamovieruinamovi
"no, i'm not say i'm sorri"
today is the last day to regist for vote in virginia! get on trumptrain and makeamericagreatagain! 
middl eastern refuge are bring shariah law to the west. thi is UK right now and most of eu. stopislam 
imaginari speech thingstodoinawaitingroom
clinton: half of trump’ support fit in ‘basket of deplorables’  polit
just a reminder: georg soro who sent instruct via hillarysemail on how to organis riots- is now hillary's… 
guten freitag-morgen mein lieben! Es ist nicht mehr lang bi zum wochenende! 🤪😂 
"ihavearighttoknow what the 30,000 emails, hillari clinton delet were about due to nation secur issues. I don't care about taxes."
 I want it!
humoritarian it' alway war in the ME
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart shop cart that actual work
break bad religion   addabandtoatvshow
"merkel hat ein gute gespür dafür, wa jeweil von ihr erwartet wird merkelmussbleiben"
whi can't I buy milk that expir 3 year from now? timetravelerproblem midnight
"break new pedestrian border entranc is unsaf and unsightly, critic say "
happybirthdayharrytruman! thank for end the war 
circumst changes. peopl change. don't be the onli one who remain the same. you will be left behind. -
WH blindsid by the coup in turkey.anoth foreign polici failur by the barrack hussein obama administration. 
think that you realli enjoy the grate dead concert   thingsinventedwhilehigh
thi is whi peopl tweet: to feel less crap. until one get too numb to even tweet. nocybercensorship 
breaking🚨 blacklivesmatt protest are march in downtown atlanta..they'r block road now.. 
blacklivesmatt ❤
"""the boss babi"
We learn to let go of thing and peopl that hurt us in the past and just move on. for life is all about move on.
the origin 'daisi girl' return for hillari clinton  polit
breaking: donald trump just sentenc mainstream media to death! look how He will Do it…  
we want free educ mycampaignslogan
valentinesdayin3word  buy your love
"how mani syrian ""refugees"" did franc take in thi year? and what they’v end with? islamkil brussel"
"clinton feel good, say she didn't pass out dure stumbl "
".douglaseschoen on munich: ""where is the presid say we need to attack [isis]?"" "
Is the fbi sit on inform that could hurt donald trump? 
clinton see best-yet fundrais number  polit
never forget: hillari clinton is not the first femal presidenti nomine — not even closeelectionday 
"media is tri to convinc us that most immigr are from syria, but most of them are african and arab exploit… "
athleticstvshow airwolff
bryan lanza statement on  trumpenmexico 
thingsyoucantignor indigest which should be call just hell lol
"repbera whi can't we stop terrorism? lack of special services, police? stopislam islamkil"
"exclusive: ahead of suu kyi visit, obama weigh myanmar sanction relief - sourc  news"
"someon onc told me that you have to choos what you win or lose, you can't have everything."
iknewweweredoom when thi becam accept 
I hope you'll understand.i just need to stay alon for a while
here' how toler liber react to trump victory. look like they are even readi to join isi onli to bring hill… 
the democrat even built a wall around the podium! lol😂😂demsinphillydnc
I want to challeng everyon to retweet our country' flag.i want to see my timelin with all flags… 
- cyndi lauper - girl just want To have fun  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
stopislam Mr trump I cannot wait until you are run thi countri and bomb the shit out of isi bastard islamkil
We don't need anoth nation embarrassment!nationalvoterregistrationday 
A child educ onli at school is an uneduc child usa
istartcryingwhen I onli have one peanut M
"maketvshowscanadian ""zedtalks"" midnight"
republican want trump to quit 
"saudi arabia deport 40k pakistani worker for fear of ""terror"". have you heard a condemn about it from un, EU or…"
jenn_abram dcexamin she' got her own idea....sanctuari citi
that' whi america need thi man in the office! tcot islamistheproblem 
"guns4ni 2A is the indic of freedom in our society, guncontrol is an attemt dictatorship"
😂😂 what a perfect placement 
hillari clinton spent $66 million just to air ad in septemb  polit
milwauke stop trend at the same time when it becam clear that the cop wa black... hmm🤔 coincidence? 
ihavearighttoknow whi you lace that bodi shot with ecstasy? what' in it for you?
A success person with a kind heart is what you call a win combination.  – farrukh siddiqui ff
texa man sentenc to 99 year for 8th dwi convict 
My friend’ childrenthinkthat trump saw the dinosaur 
see the difference! 
"brother of keithlamontscott the disabl man shot &amp; kill by polic in charlotte, north carolina. "
"A decent black man, steve harvey get call coon just becaus he want to work with trump to improv the inner cities. you ar…"
operationtacobowlhere' photo from the similar event in florida we help to organize! 
"defend blm is disgusting, but obama promot islam dure dallasmemori make me realli sick. "
cruzcrew trust cruztovictori sunbeltgirl terigright  pjnet tedcruz  
mike_p gatorsfb great pics!
hillarykkklinton' nephew is a former klansman. california klan' great dragon donat $20k to her campaign. is… 
robot invas 
If you'r offend by my tweet 
gun make you feel safe prayers4california
"merkel ist nicht so gut beim menschenmitreissen und genau deshalb, trauen ihr die menschen.  merkelmussbleiben"
baseballband the roll pitcher 
thi week in stupid: obama is urg illeg immigr to vote. 
addcartoonstohistori is what my alt account is all about. anihistori
africa banksi streetart art polit 
"how wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to creat it herself?"
demdeb I proudli drink my coffe out of my hillaryforprison2016 mug.  😎 demdebatemiami
"""stop tri to fix the police! fix the ghetto!"" ~ sheriff david clark "
I will tri to do the same with my ford escort 
gayweddingcak prayforgay mr.penc is one who take care of my belief
"luke_jones13 thank god for trump, thi won't be america' fate."
. redneckamovi midnight  doubl wide dragon
onli 1 presidenti candid call for a wall. A muslim ban. deport of illegals. hi own parti denounc him… 
exclusive: russian AF deploy to hamedan airbas in iran be prepar for airstrik on terrorist in syria 
the nyc chelsea terrorist ahmad khan rahami travel to afghanistan‼️ where he wa radicalized! but nobodi stoppe… 
who' the better bomb snif dog. My money' on trump betteralternativetodeb
trump’ stock drop with investor in bloomberg nation poll  polit
unabhängigkeit bedeutet merkel all  merkelmussbleiben
updat on univers of oklahoma: student who sent racist messag ha been found and temporarili suspended.… 
staywok 
trump take on clinton over leak basement-dwel comment  polit
worldnew thousand still miss after nepal quak (reuters) 
be told by a liber teacher that her literatur curriculum wa more import than turn on the TV and watch news my911stori
post-it note in midtown subway provid therapi after trump win  
reasonsiaintinarelationship  all about grow myself To stability....phys mental and emot
wa it realli a lone gunman who kill kenny? addcartoonstohistori
sweden: muslim scream “allahu akbar” destroy church!
"watch: trump hold a massiv ralli in akron, ohio! keep rting b/c the media will never report on this! "
anti-donald trump republican to air ad in ohio suburbs: ohio polit roundup  polit
donald trump hand out suppli to louisianaflood victim while obama on vacat and clinton can't walk on her own 
"gut,in jetzigem kontext scheint es zu anlass zu sein demaizièr will gewalttät per fußfessel vondemo fernhalten "
france: 83 yo man attack &amp; rob by a refugee...y want thi in america?! vote hillary!deb debatenight… 
"- nah, it' racism to say soblacklivesmatt "
todolistbeforechristma get a job
there' so much inform around me… pplvsisi
hillari hate obama accord to leak e-mails. Is there someon she doesn't hate? wakeupamerica 
"brussel also, whi would we subject our citizen to danger right now instead of protect them? islamkil"
spidermon stonedcomicbook midnight
"It make sense, don't you think? whi democrat need all those illeg here?teapartynew "
thingsinventedwhilehigh A lot of realli good music
our hashtag game host by ador giselleevn is about to begin! 
"school is practic for futur life, practic make perfect and nobodi perfect, so whi practice?"
ich habe vor 2 jahr ein neue wohnung gekauft merkelmussbleiben
the most accur onedebatenight 
"day after debate, trump, clinton squar off again at roast "
retireasongorband earli bird
🚨I ask you to retweet thi 'voter fraud contact list for everi state'..pleas do it to make sure everyon knows… 
former premier of czech republ on barack obama. quot of the century. 
murderanoth disabl unarm man murder by policeh wa read while he wait for hi daughter busit neve… 
"giuliani jab at obama misfires, forget when 9/11 happen "
"donald trump: ""thi is our last rally, our last stop, and... I want to start by wish you a veri merri christmas.… "
all the dumb thing trump said about race At the first debat  
new email rais question about tie between clintonfdn and statedept 
what left is call a protest is actual is mere brigandage. just onc prove we pick a right guy!trumpriot 
corgi! look forward to get one! 
die bürger können sich auf sie verlassen. merkelmussbleiben
it' amazing!! watch: cnn tri to bait but get shut down!👌 debatenight trumpwon 
oldyella49 ehhh what? read thi 
We are unarm against thi problem!!! doe our govt need thi hysteria? phosphorusdisast
never let the fear of fall keep you from reach for the top.
"donald trump, interrupted. He call flint pastor who cu...  news |  "
Do you miss your youth? makesexawkwardin5word
ruinadinnerinonephras can we skip the dinner part and onli have the sex part?
the bulk midnight superoldhero
"resident: '[expletive] trump', '666' spray paint on car  "
somedayidliketose that i'v won a hashtag game
midnight geriatr doctor strang superoldhero
how stella got her groov back To the futur addamovieruinamovi midnight
obamanextjob a liar who support a grater liar
"I look at it thi way: I mayb ugly, but I have a beauti heart"
"🚨break bret baier: fbi sourc believ clinton foundat case move toward ""like an indictment""lockherup… "
when u meet someon who believ in horoscop 
jenn_abram so hillary...😄
topvideo trump' teleprompt break on stage 
the choic is clear 
reasoniamnotpresid becaus you can't be dumb(i am)
hillaryclinton like bigger bank
whether you'r in a good place or a bad place depend entir on where you choos to go next. ihq
3wordsbetterthanilovey  I dont think that there realli is anyth better than feel loved.
polic stand with donald trump!trumpdrseuss 
regular american love donald trump!thi pic is just anoth slap to the lie media! 
clinton up by 7 point in VA as trump gain ground in new poll 
I see a lot more men of fight age claim to be refuge then women and famili islamkil
Is nomin for vice presid automat a big polit lift? franklin roosevelt is last lose VP candid...  cleveland polit
'they don't come to integr into our societi they come to integr our societi into their dar al-islam' g.wilder 
reminder: hillari &amp; obama want to see more muslim in america! 
sometim bad thing in life open up your eye to the good thing you weren't pay attent to before.
"happybirthdayharrytruman senator, vice president, and presid harri truman wa born otd in 1884"
bring a fulli charg phone with you and just lay low for as long as possibl survivalguidetothanksgiv
donaldtrump to do a reddit ama on wednesday 
my2017biggesthop new season 
"""use to be u couldn't drink water in mexico &amp; car were made in flint. now car are made in mexico &amp; u can't drink water in flint""~ trump"
dogsong midnight  lick It
"mayor giuliani: ""to me thi is the logo of the obama administration: bow to dictat &amp; bow to terrorists."" "
scottforflorida sign a law that cut off state fund for prevent health servic to abort clinics! tcot 
gunfreezon aren’t safe prayers4california
"beautiful, loving, strong, wise, fun. momin5word"
makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
that' what i'm talk about! common sense! trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
"topvideo michel obama: ""rigged"" accus aim at keep voter from poll "
"der staat der für ""uns"" sorgen soll drückt all augen zuprayfortheworld london londonattack "
you'r such a bad badminton. i'm go to give you a spanking. sexysport midnight
So who is more violent now?
olivebranch oh she is!
"„kein land, wo die integr von muslimen funktioniert hätte“ so orban. In gewiss hinsicht hat er recht..."
sorri about that time I bomb you. 
danny5lett midnight dickflick for your one eye onli
"video: north carolina gop offic burned, graffiti spray nearbi "
"trumpinmiami :  ""welcome, all of you deplorables!”basketofdeplorablesbirther "
make hillari danc like a weirdo when she start lie dumbgeniewish
the last double-wid on the left redneckamovi midnight
trump: ‘we alreadi have A trade war and We are lose badly’ 
obama call for 'cours correction' on global  
sometimestwittermakesm 
four held after man beaten follow car crash as bystand yell anti-trump taunt  
good morn my tweeps! lnyhbt cfsa otnn pjnet ccot tcot pfccoreyclagett articlev cosproject
make america great again trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"thi man ha no feeling, just hi own interests! sotu "
3 firefight kill after washington hellstorm overtook vehicl
RT if you are also proud of hillari clinton who final got her first real accomplishment! pickleg 
"reasonsiaintinarelationship If god isn't in it, I don't need it."
da war ne überraschung😍makehersmil weltfrauentag2017 internationalwomensdayttps://www.instagram.com/p/brylo_… 
electiondayin5word choos evil or do noth 
presid barack obama commut the jail sentenc of 102 
learn to love yourself.
thingspeopleontwitterlik bacon 
csu-wahlprogramm bayernplan: ein bisschen obergrenz
the poll tell us we are in a tight race with crook hillary. real life say otherwise!ani wit to hillari a… 
No matter if it wa hack or notth point is that hillary' campaign let themselv to behav like thattcot… 
banana are thrown at black student at american univers 
muslim kill thousand of peopl everi year but obama keep say they'r peaceful! 
trump taj majal close shuffl anoth n.j. attract to bottom of deck 
democrat convent day 2: cnn vet the claim  polit
"after a report ask donald trump about touch women without consent, paula jone responds: whi don't you ask bi… "
harvey early-bird-special-man superoldhero midnight

singer   blacktwitt services4sal    download app for details:   
"obama cast hi ballot in chicago: ‘i’m confident; i’m not overconfident,’ about hillari clinton’ ...  polit"
"donald trump elect president, upset hillari clinton  "
2ndamendmentday I am happi becaus my hous is secur
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""these sale associ are alway ask if I need something. they must work on commission."""
deutsch sicherheitsbehörden rechnen beim g20gipfel in hamburg mit mehr al 10.000 gewaltbereiten linksradikalen
whatiwantforchristmasin4word To be financi free
spin through time tbt from st. moritz 1928 to sochi 2014 
upton abbey maketvsexi 
clinton team hope 'birther' flap will motiv black voter 
veteran need you! realdonaldtrump trumppressconfer
charliecalley63 So what' your point?
DC cop violent arrest thi black girl for have snack in a subway station (part 1) 
trump stand up for backer even as ralli scuffl break out  news
limit like fear are often just an illus  – michael jordan
"don’t fall in love. fall off a bridge, it hurt less."
donald trump earlier today: 
claim bullshit mustbeban 
trump' gibe about women' size could burn bridg with femal voter 
"my2017resolut I hope 2017 won't suck as much as 2016 did. On the other hand, I thought the same a year ago, so… "
"piper9599 Of course! blame racism, it never get old!"
"trump, clinton: the most dislik u.s. presidenti candid ever? "
OH MY god
jami 15 minut orgasm   maketvsexi
here' what the elect would look like if onli millenni vote 
democrat want to chang our constitut while jeb! protect it gopdebatesc
"donald trump' trip to see louisiana flood 'helpful,' gov. edward tell cnn "
OH MY god! what trump brought To the ralli last night will win him the election…  
"i'v never said thing like thi before, but..i hope she'd die in prison! "
sometimestwittermakesm dizzi
really_huh you'r wrong.
hustler grab your gun
thi is whi the unit state wa design as a republ not a democracy:  pjnet
blacklivesmatt rioter target white peopl for beat down 
son of chicago polic offic latest victim of gun violence..do anyon care about these black lives? milwauke 
lynchhear bingo! and comey ha admit clinton lie under oath multipl times. So there' that. 
"topnew amid campaign turmoil, trump alli urg him to get back on messag"
michel obama slam those who question her…  | 
the girl post “I hope trump will win” on instagram and wa beateni'm so glad i'm not in school nowaday 
biden: trump is “thoroughli unqualified” for presid 
there' a reason whi peopl question the trustworthi of hillari clinton and that' b/c they'r pay attention… 
cat wiggl better than I do 
trump jr. decri 'govern that' failed'  polit
midnight sum 41 proof drunkband
realdonaldtrump podestaemails10 reveal brian stelter cnn senior media correspond is work for hillary.. 
" look like a bomb, actually…"
go bernie! feelthebern  
"dnc refus roy black as miami host becaus of ""wild reputation"" and ""unsavory"" clientel  polit"
shuttlecock sexysport midnight
congrat man! realli pretti babi you have there 
you know that  nobodi can ban us use our guns! gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"you'r not go to lose your virgin for anoth 12 years, so stop worri about it.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
iron birdman  robothiphop midnight
I think the oscarssowhit thing is idiot oscarhasnocolor oscar
battl with auto correct  otherthingstodoin6second
our countri wa the greatest dure hi presid happybirthdaygeorgewashington
myemmynominationwouldb most realist condom tattoo On A censor peni
ikeepwonderingif the dam grass is greener on the other side.  Or is it dead
A nation that can't control it border is not a nation. teapartynew theteaparti reagan republican 
thi guy who stand for hi famili deserv respect! migrant who left hi children behind deserv onli contempt! 
".realdonaldtrump is teach hi granddaught how to improv US relationship with chinagood job, young lady! "
pleas share far and wide thi statement come from our soldier who daili risk their live for us!benghazi 
seahawk' mascot destroy 49er fan' ankl 😂😳 gopackgo 
"""I think the worst thing you can do to a guy who lost hi boner is scream at him."" girlcod iamonfir"
HE flung IT 😂😂 soundpal (app) soundpal yeet 
life is too short to stress yourself over peopl who don't even deserv to be an issu in your life.
"sometimes, inspir came from a place call"
honorforthebrave! thank the polic for the peac in our troubl countri
"trumpbecaus So great for me to see realdonaldtrump is lead the race, makeamericagreatagain trump2016 👨🏻😨"
donald trump' new mahon counti campaign director purg twitter account: ohio polit roundup  polit
thank god my music tast is not such shit and I don't listen to her 
one milliondollars. 2016electionin3word 
"I may be a real bad boy, oh but babi i'm a real good man. timmcgraw"
here is anoth photo that hillari desper want to delet from twitter!y know what to do😏hillaryshealth 
rooseveltfield store secur guard wrestl with arm perp. one shot fired. one mall employe seriou but stabl garde…
sheriff joe arpaio talk about presid obama' birth certif  
thi is awesomewarrior never change! 
cruz' trump flip-flop may hurt hi popular back in texa 
"lösten ""fake news"" katar-kris aus? "
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart all these twitter trend are so lame! the trump one are compel
one day there will be as much black ppl fight for white ppl right than white ppl fight for black ppl rights. oscarhasnocolor
update🚨 author identifi offic shot in sandiego! RT to honor offic in blue!bluelivesmatt 
"haslam campaign for gop member in tennesse house, senat "
here' how christian conserv greet trump in d.c. 
"melania speechwrit help symington, ducey  |  "
gameshowhostpickuplin how bout hillari clinton 
We need more brain and not guncontrol law prayers4california
"geniu is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nin per cent perspiration,"
valentinesdayin3word  feb 15th leftov
"the mercers, top backer of both ted cruz and donald trump, applaud cruz’ decis to final endo...  polit"
I hope trump is veri like to win gopdeb vegasgopdeb
pro hillari thug use gasolin to set fire to big trump T on donald trump supporter' lawn. 
I would love to be that car 
feder polic investig part of obama legaci 
biggi small wonder robothiphop midnight
you can't take it with yer
wikileaks' greatest exposure: trump' disloyalti | editori 
donaldtrumpf4f pleas DM us.we'r organ some ralli in support of mr. trump in your state.check our communit… 
field of dream of move to new york californiamovi
whi don't terrorist attack iran so often? becaus terrorist get pay for it kerrydosmth irantalk
donald trump and mike penc again diverg on endors  |  
after trump i'm fulli prepar for a futur where ryan locht run for presid and wins.
We owe illeg nothing. We owe our veteran everythingveteransday thankavet 
portman statement on iran nuclear deal vote
i'm proud to be a patriot! teapartynew theteaparti tcot pjnet 
We can’t lose sight of the fact that these issu will not go away until we address them. it’ up to us push the ne… 
depress is not a side effect...
"trumpwinsbecaus ""americanism, not globalism, will Be our credo” trumpforpresid"
"mike pence, bill clinton to visit ohio after first presidenti debate: ohio polit roundup  polit"
fla deleg tri to brag about lebron: never forget your surroundings.         cleveland sport
"prayers4california there are the most strict gunlaw in california. If parti visitor have had guns, the end would have been differ"
state dept. releas clinton' work e-mails. but half of the email are near-dupl copi of email it' alrea… 
"right now at trump ralli in austin, tx. black or white we don't care. trump will unit america! trumpinatx "
trump support is climb trump tower! noth is imposs if you are will to work! makeamericagreatagain 
RT if you also think that militari pride should never be infringed! 
marijuana caus heart attack junkieu
"""the onli thing that can stop thi corrupt machin is you. the onli forc strong enough to save thi countri is us.… "
hacker who reveal clinton' use of privat email address sentenc to 52 month in prison  polit
roberts: trump say mccain wa the B word (birther)  polit
As usual. No one interest hillary!birther 
i stir my coffe with the same spoon alon
the young man know the rule but the old man know the exceptions. – oliv wendel holm
childrenthinkthat wallet contain a never-end suppli of money.
million harpi co-op cardio day  renamemillionwomenmarch
"nope, it' blacklivesmatt say to dismantl police, you know, the one the dem candid have been suck up to elkaryani"
"If someon ha someth bad to say about you, it' probabl becaus they have noth good to say about themselves."
philli readi for dnc after quiet cleveland protest  polit
stan elder-le superoldhero midnight
"without heroes, we are all plain people, and don't know how far we can go."
gopdeb you know that  the debat in the republican parti need to be between libertarian and conserv vegasgopdeb
thingsidontwantoncamera my grumpi uncl discuss polit dure a famili dinner
"trump call flint pastor who interrupt him a ""nervous...  news |  "
what peopl call separ peopl By race:1960- segregation2016- social justic
welt die wichtigen fragen unser zeit!
"golfer swing at clinton, trump at texa drive rang  news"
"trump pounc on clinton over emails, accus her of ‘pay for play’  polit"
idfg whi are you keep silenc about water contamin in the american falls?!
"""don't vote for hillary, she' kill black people""deb "
isiswatchingy I hope isi read my tweet caus guy I hate you!!
"sometim the peopl you think don't want to talk to you, are the one wait for you to talk to them."
rejecteddebatetop when hillari lost her virgin
"demsinphilli have built a wall at convent to keep away sander supporters. wall are working, huh? demconvent "
"""I want to close the dutch borders. My constitu don't want more refugees."" ~ geert wilder "
"black live matter ""activists"" and obama are destroy everi civil right action mlk work for. milwauke "
inspector sex gadget problematickidsshow midnight
2A are on their list yet? vote hillari right now to becom no.1! hillaryforprison 
charliecalley63 proofs?
guten sonntagabend! da wochenend geht zum end und ich wünsche euch ein schöne und ruhig nacht 😘 
"some old wound never truli heal, and bleed again at the slightest word."
poker pro agre - hillari wa send hand signal to debat moder holt (6x) 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""nice physique."""
maga 

how a presid trump could avoid conflict of interest  polit
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
"congratulations! after back trump all year, sean hanniti just got thi epic news…  "
she just shart 2016electionin3word
guys! guys?? 
radfahrerin von lkw �berrollt und get�tet 
"like 2016 campaign, first debat defi convent  news "
2017survivaltip your grandmoth should know your partner
kindertag 
".ivankatrump: ""he love hi famili and hi countri with hi heart and soul."" rncincl gopconvent "
sign point to russia in dnc hack  via news |  
narrat people' lives: At the market! (call them out xd) 💁 
never forget that liberti onc lost..i lost forever! 
"governorcorbett mr. corbett, pleas share. it' time for PA resid to make the right cho… "
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
I will try!! 
"trump, clinton tie in 4-way utah poll: deseret new (earlier)  polit"
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
hillari clinton return -- and not a moment too soon  polit
"trump texa financ chair 'offended' by candidate' video comments, will still host s.a. fundrais "
survivalguidetothanksgiv valium   some real medicin 
seven arrest after breach perimet fenc at dncinphl 
joe walsh claim credit for donald trump jr. skittl tweet 
it' disturb that the democrat have no problem with the facts. the fact be ignored. wakeupamerica 
dnc live: obama say expert cite russian in dnc hack: ask whether russia could have leak the ...  break
you'd better use some tic tac just in case you start kiss her realdonaldtrump 
most folk are about as happi as they make up their mind to be - abraham lincoln quot iamonfir
« newspap are the second hand of history. » schopenhau
"lastminutegifts2016 anyth in my wishlist, thanks!"
.jk_rowl reallifemagicspel  Is there a spell to find other horcruxes? 
how the countri will be run by a bigot trumptard tvlifelessonsilearn 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari my cheat ex
that` realli funni 
"gigawalru no, it wa actual realli funny. and it wa no joke"
hillari for president? for real? nolog demdebatemiami
100 meter long hump midnight oneletteroffsport
hate.  mustbeban
I drink too much tea in a day ☕️☕️☕️☕️
I wanna rock it all night babi girl will you rock it out with me? jasonaldean
presid obama plan to leav 8400 US troop in afghanistan when he leav offic next year 
it' a shame that it' come to this. 
have my pizza
sign thi petit to keep clinton out of the white housewakeupamerica neverhillari 
admit it. We all wish to find someon to share our weird with.
the incred hulk OG stonedcomicbook midnight
sheriff david clarke: ‘I can't wait till januari when presid obama leav the white hous for the last time!'… 
best f*king concert I ever saw - all 8 times!  
makemusicreligi (i'm) practic my religion
tofeelbetteri tweet a tweet and then delet
you should follow NY sheriff’ advic guns4ni
obamacar doe not trump the second amend - american thinker pjnet 2A nra -   - 
the eurythm - sweet dream  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
reader of ethnic media trust it more than they do tradit media blackpressday 
letter from washington: tri to pin down an unpredictable...  |  
fuckdonaldcunt i'm afraid trump support will never recov after thi blow
A liber ha creat isi and we need conserv to destroy it vegasgopdeb
My gewl make me crazi
justiceforsandrabland thi make me terrifi to get pull over staywok blacklivesmatt fergusonrememb
"brussel islamkil whi can't we stop terrorism? lack of special services, police?"
you are invited. mybedroomin3word
"obama' senior advisor claim hillari had two mini-strok while secretari Of state. pneumonia, huh? wakeupamerica "
trump announc 'famili and friends' welcom ralli on wednesday: cleveland - businessman donald trump ha announ...  cleveland polit
topvideo trump say clinton 'demonized' the work class 
you can't treat peopl horribl and expect them to love you.
... 
sipalexnottea asiaxnicol cutest ever! 🤗
silver spoon addabandtoatvshow 
"berkeleyriot and these peopl liken trump to hitler sever time a day, smh "
psy-borg robothiphop midnight
songshannibalwoulds ymca = young men' cannib associ
trumpsdoctor: I wrote trump' bill of health in 5 minut 
donald trump to campaign in akron: ohio polit roundup  polit
someon well train is respons for the shoot in ferguson copswillbecop
trump' easi transit from bulli to coward | editori 
It must be a lesson for us - muslim aren't peacefultcot ccot 
"hillari clinton: dignity, respect for women and girl Is on the ballot  polit"
"loudoun counti weigh in on first clinton, trump debat "
"islam terrorist attack with an axe in germany. axes, trucks, planes, bomb - gun control won't do shit "
take chances. chase your dreams. don't play safe and be boring. start living...
the bag of shit doesn't lie like hillary! 
maketvshowscanadian 6ix teen instead of 6teen 
My melanin will never stop popping. 
tofeelbetteri avoid subtweet
gate at naval medic center san diego block due to report of activ shooter prayforsandiego
"i'v had a perfectli wonder evening, but thi wasn't it"
I hate traffic in thi city! 🚦🚙🚗🚕🚗🚙🚗🚕🚗🚙🚦
that' call liberallog 
politweec era of bush ha end
merkel wird den sozialen wohnungsbau in den städten gezielt fördern merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"thankyouobama for destroy our economy, for bring ghetto fashion style into the WH and for shake your asse… "
the space between your finger were creat so that another' could fill them in.
angriff gegen die kanzlerin: spd wirft merkel demokratieverachtung vor
merri christmas! 
Be happi for thi moment. thi moment is your life.
"igetdepressedwhen I get love on by my two year old, onli to find she wipe our dog eye bugger on my face. "
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
thi guy wa deploy in afghanistan when he met a love stray dog — and knew he had to find a way to get him back home…
donald trump' presidenti candidaci In one easy-to-follow...  |  
best tweet of today goe to... 
MT peddoc63: polit correct kills. kellyfil  wakeupamerica pjnet
omarosa on african american for trump: ‘if you want someth you’v never had...do someth you’v never done’ 
spaitogam cernovich yeah weirdli dress AS A nazi... and yammer about hillaryforprison2016 make me sick :( trumpforpresid
islamkil und schon wieder anschläge.... prayforbrussel brüssel
patriot act wa realli stupid. So doe the freedom act surveillanceday
imtoooldfor thi shit 
"man, that' too funni 😂😂😂😭😭😭 "
arrest gang member is racist 
veri touch song?? lol 
hillaryclinton trump wa a strong &amp; fearless leader today. i'm proud to be an american.🇺🇸
friend stick to you like honey. –pooh
"tri to do someth for the first time is alway an enorm challenge, and there is no guarante of success. – sir"
"music, I might lose it"
"trump: ""hillari clinton is propos mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness.""true!👈rncincl"
sushi' all that  japanamovi midnight
obama veto sept. 11 lawsuit bill  polit
thingstodoinawaitingroom um! wait?
rememb how trump help out with victim of islam terrorism!trumppence16 
"anoth buckey state poll, anoth donald trump lead: ohio polit roundup  polit"
trump accus obama of be the ‘founder of isis’  news
"thingsidontwantoncamera me as a baby, sit on a toilet 😳"
gohillaryfactcheck: hillari said 90% Of clinton foundat donat go to charity.actu number: 5.7% 
string chees on cool ranch dorito half a snicker mini on a spoon of chunki peanut butter salt tomato kiss thi…
thingspeopleontwitterlik to be notic
today kid are taught to fear gun and hide in safe spaces. which kid are easier to control when they grow up?2a… 
Se o trump ganhar o que será da grobo? kkkkkkk eleicoesnoseua trumppence16 bomdiabrasil trumpforpresid
"excus me, but how the fuck hillary' campaign is still afloat! dncleak "
drug addict is inevit junkieu
trump mock critics: i'll accept elect result   if I win 
hey polit junkies: plan for an elect day marathon 
poll show clinton lose some millenni voter  polit
hillari clinton can't even climb car without help. hillaryshealth 
"renamemillionwomenmarch complet wast of time to scam the world more. equal ? laughable. ""marri rich"" right scam artists..."
"whenev I feel the need to exercise, I lie down until it goe away"
"obama meet singapor pm, look to boost tpp trade pact  polit"
sinc when white peopl are the major of the world? 
obama is out of touch with reality. 
"dncleak clinton is for corruption, not for charity! "
I haven't talk to you in so long. I wonder where you are and how you'r do
last atlant citi casino link to trump Is close amid a strike 
i`m think about start a new career! 
sander urg turned-off voter to turn out for clinton 
franc is lost.french polic tri to enter a muslim no-go zone.w can not allow thi in america! 
thetroublewithaddict $$$$$ 
"kaine, penc prepar for undercard debat  news"
"islamkil dem' not happi with war be stop over sea's, desir to restart the war on american soil"
how hillari clinton rattl donald trump at the first presidenti debat  
clinton' absenc from public eye come at a price  news |  
the ex of cencorship is woman arrest in franc for t-shirt critic of israel nocybercensorship
"""thi countri need to be shaken up. It need to be shaken to it veri core, and donald trump is do that."" -… "
"'taco truck on everi corner,' latino for trump founder warn "
Do not forget about this! 
"cnn report ga explosion. liars! peopl report the smell of powder, not gas! nycexplos"
touching: 9-year-old with CP tri to stand for nation anthem. true strength is in spirit! 
"the forgotten holocaust, ""the forgotten"" becaus wa black. "
"have a heart that never hardens, and a temper that never tires, and a touch that never hurts."
No screen process of afghani forc 31 seal team6 kill  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
smh on facebook live tho smdh wtf whereislavishreynold blackskinisnotacrim
obama administr offici express US regret for 'unintent loss of life' after airstrik on syrian forc 
icelebratetrumpwith shot shot shot I don't care it' breakfast time
"my2017biggesthop peopl would final learn the differ between 'there', 'their' and 'they're' "
"N. korea launch helium balloon carri use toilet paper, human wast into S. korea airspac -  news tcot ccot"
"mustbeban confus by outrag against the word, ""must."" it' just a harmless verb.it' been around sinc middl english:moste. . .weird."
"mlk' niec endors trump: ""it sound veri promising, the plan that trump is present for the urban communities."" "
supremesacrificeday If there weren't peopl like you our world would have burn long ago. thank you! 
everyth you need to know to vote in san antonio in the 2016 gener elect 
raspberri yarmulk makemusicreligi
liber will be liberalsliberallog 
"smoke weed, eat pussi my4wordnewyearsresolut"
trumpbecaus trump speak truth and they can't handl that becaus they'r so use to decept makeamericagreatagain 👀👈🏿
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl nbcnewsforum "
the latest: hack email reveal clinton' VP possibl 
arm in the hand of citizen may be use at individu discret in privat self defens gardencityshoot
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
pro-trump super pac Ad target clinton on wealth  polit
how mani day should hillari serv in prison? 1 RT = 1 dayhillaryforprison 
that' what our soldier realli think about hillari clinton!trumpafacttrumpwonnationalvoterregistrationday 
"trump promis to deport our families,crimin peopl of color,attack muslims,lgbt and more!don't let thi happe… "
mcdonald hillaryforprison = worldpeac maga  trumpforpresid
(ibd) marin gener say isi recruit could enter u.s. via caribbean    - pjnet 999 - 
idontneedacostumebecaus everyon will get trigger and offend by even the tiniest detail
meet dem who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! trumptrain 
trump: take clinton bodyguards' gun away  news |  
... 
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm hard work and determin get you to places. not everyth is ""given"" to you. honestli I…"
skittl pox? are they contagious? onli for refuge trumpaquot 
mr. and mrs. smith Go to washington addamovieruinamovi midnight
flashback video: trump in 2012 “if gop doesn’t pass immigr reform they’ll never win again”… 
"obama' pentagon is offici arm Al qaeda, the veri peopl that respons for 9/11.  "
koch donor retreat conven under trump' shadow  polit
 two in one)
votetrumpsaveamerica hillary4prison trumpforpresid
thi flint resid ha a skin condit where hi cell attack itselfreport hi skin hurt after he take a sh… 
"popular vote:clinton 58,879,687trump 58,844,144see how your democraci works?"
I do it like a king do!
"it' not about fulfil a ""quota"" of black nominees, the oscar are intend to be award base on merit oscarhasnocolor oscar"
bill clinton' rape victim were there.. look at bill' face😂😂deb 
idahopresstrib what is your depart do to protect fish and game in the american fall against phosphoru contamination?!
"stonedcomicbook ""indiana jone and the lost... ...the lost... um...."""
donald trump’ econom plan: ‘I want to jump start america’trumpindetroit 
"that sound godawful, hard pass!  cancelplansin5word"
mike_p 👈 help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prison 
whi won't anyon fix that?! 
reasonsiaintinarelationship my crush is way out of my league!
judicialwatch releas email hillaryclinton thought she had delet 
"god gave all men all earth to love, but sinc our heart are small,"
imtoooldfor mr. teddyfluff cuddlebatch
"""iamthankfulfor justin and hi relationship with us"
baltimor citi pledg to be readi for elect day 
report find dolez misconduct on spokan panel: find is not relat to her resign a... …
huge! trump win ohio✔️ 
budgetmovi dirti underwear danc
"steve loomis: ""you can't live life by fear, or threat of protest or riots, and the polic depart in charlotte… "
hillaryclinton msm will never show you thi pic!spread it far &amp; wide! 
"hi presid gave us the nation’ currency, the state department, and scotu happybirthdaygeorgewashington "
how clinton health conspiraci migrat from far-right to mainstream media  news
"blm rioter strip, beat, and drag a random white man through a park garag in charlottecharlotteriot "
"gopdeb you know that  ben carson know what to do with our country, unlik obama vegasgopdeb"
He ain't lyin! draintheswamp  electionday maga  trumpforpresid
dncleak hillari wa prescrib with drug to treat the sleepi caus by parkinson' 
happi intern bookloversday and good morn :)schönen tagderbuchliebhab und guten morgen :) 
draintheswamp hillaryforprison2016 lyinmedia  trumpforpresid
malcolmx is one of the greatest leader 💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿 inmemoryofmalcolmx
it’ our constitut right! stop cyber censorship nocybercensorship ❌
obama import voters. and mayhem. and anti-american sentiment. and treachery. and sharia islamkil stopislam
"bill state hi case TO dnc   clinton tout hillari as champion  of the underclass, 'chang maker':  "
I like look through all thi elect statement so much!election2016 
tipsi tow the wet sprocket drunkband midnight
been wait for like an hour to go out and play ihatepokemongobecaus pokemongo
cbs4 investig find peopl vote twice! dem will keep up their illeg vote until caught...  then do it… 
"hillari clinton' evolut on gay rights: 'on that issue, she followed'  polit"
immigr offic union back trump in first-ev polit endorsementdebatenightdebates2016… 
thingspeopleontwitterlik cute puppi pics! 
"turn back on trump, koch network focus on senat  news"
twitter: who' the 400-pound man trump call a suspect in dnc hack?  
"dr. ben carson: ""i'm not polit correct and I hate polit correctness"" "
whitegenocid blacklivesmatt when the 'raciss' label fails: 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart autofollow followm followback 
beingblacki face racism
trumpbecaus no bull sh** in what he says!
Do anti-trump understand that 56 million peopl just protest hillari the right way yesterday?trumpprotest
"""thanksobama what obama leav behind:"
least viabl option myemmynominationwouldb
"ilove__butihate__  the imposs girl, the runaway bride.  whovian will know this."
mexican illeg alien deport ten time (!!!) sinc 2010 now charg with child rape:… 
facebook co-found pledg $20 million to defeat trump  news
"""crowd""😂i think peopl are final see who she realli is!i hillari still even in polls?! "
the US ruin the foundat of democraci baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
washington mall shooter illeg voted. that' whi obama got elected. that' who support hillarywakeupamerica 
"video: trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter "
"differ between trump famili and klinton krook klan.trump is about americans, clinton is onli about herself! "
ilikepeoplewho love me when i`m not veri lovabl
when u delet someone’ number then they text u and u don’t want to ask who it is
"I think in art, but especi in films, peopl are tri to confirm their own existences."
thingsthatdisturbm holocaust denier
ballon with a liquid metal 
militari and veteran know betternbcnewsforum 
"stabil a key for brandon, nwr, clinton in 2016  sport"
"ruinadinnerinonephras No i'm not drunk, I just like you so much! "
"it' not rape if you'r a democrat, right michel obama?🤔 "
have a closer look at trump' crowd to discov that not onli white attend hi ralli as the media keep saying! 
If 2A offend you you'r in the wrong country! filibust trump2016 
"charliecalley63 ok, there wa slaveri but obama' presid is for sure the darkest spot in the entir black history. that ok?"
mybedroomin3word bigger than yours!
MT whitneymckmoore: sing to the lord a new song. alleluia!   renewu pjnet  ccot  tcot   
"In reno she mention “tell me with whom you walk, and I will tell you who you are.” altrightmean "
mattlauerdebatequestionsto hillary: how are you today?to trump: whi are you racist/bigot/homophobic/islamophobic? 
judg to trump: No protect for free speech. weren't those protest incit violenc themselves? 🤔 
"""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!"" ~ newt gingrich "
wolfgang schäubl will es auch: 2017 werd ich mich freuen  innsicho
the latest: trump tax plan pull from campaign websit 
"hillari clinton speak about immigration, e-mail probe  polit"
stand with israel - Be a friend of israel  pjnet ccot
welcom home danscavino realdonaldtrump trumpforpresid
senior iranian gener said to make second moscow trip
trump say flint pastor who confront him wa ‘nervou mess’  polit
q&amp;a: obama' transgend direct to school goe to court 
Do black live realli matter to democrats? teapartynew theteaparti conserv blacklivesmatt patriot 
how much will clinton e-mail probe impact the election?  polit
"whatihatein5word quot ""you mad at me?"""
wikileak reveal dnc had hillari clinton mole insid the berni sander campaign imnotwithh 
trump' video testimoni won't appear in attack ad  | 
somedayidliketose A compet strong femal presid who isn't thi pathet excus for a ladi trump trump2016 
"sorri timkaine, you can’t be cathol and pro-abort "
the media ignor photo like this👇spread it online! 
kremlin say regret way russia is be use in u. elect campaign  world news
UN agenc find No nuclear pact violat by iran 
over hype shit! 
share isn't caring. thetroublewithaddict
trump: iranian boat that make improp ‘gestures’ will be ‘shot out of the water’  polit
d’souza: clinton foundat not A charity; it’ a briberi receptacl masquerad As chariti 
".scottjenningsky: ""clinton ha spent a crush amount of money in these state &amp; yet money can't buy you love."" "
"""whi is my son in prison for mishandl classifi inform while hillari clinton, who' done much worse, is ru… "
I didn't even vote...i wa so disillusioned' So they don't vote and now they protest their own stupidity?🙄 
the ship dead  worstpaineverin3word
Be will to have it so. accept of what ha happen is the first step to overcom the consequ of ani misfortune.
staywok 
"thi video show how smug, arrog and sarcast crookedhillari is...b care black voters! "
jenn_abram right you are!
OH I m crying!!! 
stopislam obama is total insan if he want to accept refuge after what ha happen in pari islamkil
OH MY god! donald trump just destroy the nfl with one epic sentence…  
fußball-em 2016: rasen betreten für kinder verboten  via faznet
"don’t look backward for veri long. keep move forward, open up new door and do new things. –walt disney"
feebooth I realli like your photo!
"dwsedona that it, she doe it to show how clear she is and to gain some money"
how to kill your enemies? smile.
tofeelbetteri quit my job 
"trump: ""we'r go to win north carolina. we'r go to win florida, too... we'r go to win ohio and we'r goi… "
cash1112 patriotblak I also can't understand it
ihaveadreamthat i'd find a special one who will treat me as obama and biden do each other 
"fishtv I found a hillari fish! she is either flip flopping, floundering, or have a seizure. take your pick vote… "
wikileak bombshel : clinton camp bust conspir to hide hillary’ email from fbi investigators… 
amen 
you mean the resist biker for trump kick the shit out of? trumpprotest inaugurationday 
"Of course, he said so!you'r in one team, am I right?liar "
"hillari take money from muslim countri that treat women like animals, yet she pretend to be pro-women... "
"no, lester! you weren't suppos to particip in the debate. it' not what moder do. did some one explain hi… "
hillari clinton propos more job opportun for peopl with disabilities: polit extra  polit
"If you live in newhampshire, get out"
the hostess is grin  america
trump and clinton on immigr  news
and he' doin thi in a spongebob shirt 
In the 60' one broadcast galvan the nation. now cop gun down unarm men on vid and it' a debate. laquanmcdonald blacklivesmatt
wanna support crookedhillary? So just forget about your right provid by the constitution!neverhillari 
"If castro wa such a great leader and trump is a dictator, when all of you millenni are move to cuba and let u… "
somedayidliketose love conquer all. It is the best thing that we do.
watch the trump campaign' newest great ad! spread it far &amp; wide!debatenight debates2016 
"brussel enough syrian refuge are not welcom here, they are danger to our welfar islamkil"
"oak grove, clinton middl school footbal team break barrier "
day of gun N' rose drunkband midnight
huski get commit from three-star tight end jacob kizer  news
No doubt gay should be happy! itsok2begay
mr. trump doesn't see party. He doesn't see race and he doesn't see gender. He just want to do what' right for th… 
democrat super pac to pay for dirt on donald trump  polit
rejecteddebatetop snl
asamjulian haileuropa new height of stupidity.😂😂
ihaveadreamthat one day my mom will understand me
"dolor huerta: don't vote for trump, mccain  polit"
mybedroomin3word your mom' favorit
"hous move to tighten flow of syrian refuge over obama’ objections, and they are right! islamkil stopislam"
"oscarnom allāh, you are pardon and you love to pardon so pardon me oscarformuhammad"
TN 1 step closer to file 10th amend lawsuit to end refuge resettl program   tcot ccot tlot pjnet
and also dead peopl (which fall into illeg but still) 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillary-th boy who cri wolf
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump is shake up the polit scene and america is love everi moment of it! makeamericagreatagain 👽👾
'if islam oppos terror then saudi should announc no one support of isi is welcom in mecca!' - bob enyart 
obama librari may displac young athlet In jackson park 
".ericbolling: ""there are 110,000 refuge who are go to be settl in the unit state thi year alone."" "
"""A river run thru your hous"
"A slim point separ clinton and trump in the latest poll results, that mean the turnout ha major role in the… "
hillarygropedm by the pussi and blame it on russian
somebodi help him!! 
love thi pic!with trump we can be sure that bluelivesmatt 
2017survivaltip relax
man who smash donald trump’ walk of fame star charg with feloni vandal  
"linksextrem rufen öffentlich zur gewalt auf, und wa passiert? würde ich gern sehen kampf gegen linksextreimismu"
who said night were for sleep?  – marilyn monro
"feminist logic: fight rape culture!**if onli it' not about muslims, then it' okwomensmarch "
"patriot quarterback, tom brady, wa a real-lif patriot today when he endors donald trump.  maga imvotingbecaus h… trumpforpresid"
lester holt show he doesn’t know the mean of ‘impartial’  debatenight 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin plagiar Is A new word In speechwrit
"сторонники хиллари попрекают трампа за неправильное произношение слова ""невада"" "
"nocybercensorship lefti 'rent a' mob' wreak republican rallies, and so the media blame trump ? "
mrs. brushfir summeramovi midnight
veteransforkaepernick is the most power hashtag I have seen for the last time. 
russia' putin say attempt to get syria deal with obama thwart  world news
"I have bad breath, big ear and no teeth. but the worst thing about me I don't bullshit peopl reasoniamnotpresid"
crazi but it' true lone
new hampshir goe redelectionnight 
there' noth you can know that isn't known.
undercov nurs check hillary' pulse?! look like that...hillaryshealth clintoncollaps 
trump to tri to steadi campaign with econom speech 
new book reveal massiv clinton/obama cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
the latest: obama sport peruvian shawl in summit photo  
"""if you keep vote for the same people, you will keep get the same horribl results."" ~ trump "
congress adjourn for the elect but still ha lot of work to Do 
loyalti is royalti rulesforeverydayliv
both presidenti candid are unpopular: earli exit poll  
just keep do what you'v been doing...    howtoloseyourjob
poll: clinton lead trump by seven point in michigan  polit
 chow chow puppi can't jump
girl I like are either taken or have a great tast in men.    reasonsiaintinarelationship
woman plead guilti to lie to get boston marathon benefit
life is a gift. never take it for granted. -sasha azevedo
trump say He would work with putin to defeat islam state  polit
"Do you love me, do you wanna be my friend? and if you do, well then don't be afraid to take me by the hand."
politweec cheers! 🍻🍻🍻
ihavearighttoknow whi most of the world' leader are arseholes.
muslim women ask trump canyouhearusnow?  |  
senangusk should we be afraid of the water contamin with phosphorus? they say it` massive!!
slim’ alleg tie to clinton focu of new trump attack: wsj  polit
"topvideo clinton: trump should set off ""alarm bells"" "
realdonaldtrump cnn total rigged!
they are so hot! 
congo polic arrest eight activist protest elect delay  world news
the saké horror pictur show japanamovi
"wise men are not alway silent, but they know when to be."
shoot off-duti is a seriou shit! maximum respons 
ificouldntli I wouldn't insist it' the easter bunny' suff 
sheriff clarke: 'black american are be 'hoodwinked' by democrats' 
histori made renamemillionwomenmarch 
hillari hillaryclinton2016 corrupthillari clintonfound hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
internet wa meant as a free space. that allow free flow of inform nocybercensorship
"3 strikes, Ur out hillary. multipl investig of feloni american thinker  pjnet 999 "
roman gladiat fight betteralternativetodeb
islam is a cult  offendeveryonein4word
will black live ever be valu and protect as much as white live are?  wellthatsagoodquest 
poll: will clinton or trump win 1st presidenti debat monday? 
shock video: hillari clinton collaps leav 9/11 memorialhillaryshealth neverforget wherewerey 
A harvard professor defend trump' plan on immigrants👇 
after 20 year in polit and onli 1 bill pass she won't make a good presidentteapartynew 
"I seen a babi cry, and second later she laughs, the beauti of life, the pain never last  – j.cole"
2016electionin3word consid not vote
"brussel islamkil not all refuge are terrorists, but some could be, and that is the problem"
"liber jail a young patriot for a singl mistake, but want to elect as potu a serial criminal. "
demdeb damndeb 
jarmadillo jarrardnorman you can call it whatev you want😉
cuomo vow to ‘stand up’ for new yorker against trump  
thi woman is just a perfect candid for prison! don't let her come into wh! hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari 
the more you kill us
"“thi piec is a medit on the violenc against black bodi that ha alway been a part of the US settler state"" http://…"
wikileak обнародовал тысячи документов о хиллари клинтон и ее переписки с однопартийцами
fact check: democrat nation convent day 3  polit
oliver_krisch würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
(ibd) charl wood seek benghazi answer On son ty' death   ibdeditori pjnet 
breaking🚨wikileak email reveal that anti-trump chicago riot were a dnc operation!!birddog 
"the MB is an intern political, financial, terrorist and movement whose goal is to establish a global is! texasjihad"
pence: 'name calling' ha No place in polit  polit
trumptap thi is what outright hypocrit look like. Do you think let these spoil brat choos our future… 
I believ poll are skew 
bed spin doctor drunkband midnight
"If clinton do realli piss you off - don't hesit to send your photo express your opinion, we'll post them! "
sometimesitsokto have a glass of wine after a long day 
group activ thingspeopleontwitterlik 
choke on thi smoke of a billboard romanc rap
prove yourself to yourself not others.
you say you want to know me like a lover
obama administr to accept 10k refuge by the end of september. RT if you don't want them herewakeupamerica 
"it' so upset! the put wast in spring water near american fall Oh my gosh!!!, i'm too sorry!!!! phosphorusdisast"
when hillari tell the american peopl 1 thing &amp; her daughter another... We call that A lie - B carsondemsinphilli 
$16.00/hour for protest against donald trump.what the hell?! teapartynew theteaparti hillaryforprison2016 
two of the suspect kill in shootout with cop and one detain prayforsanbernadino myheartgoesout  prayers4california
"don't date that girl, she will break you. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
"preachinjam i_amamerica  ccot tcot pjnet christian  ~america, prefer godli leaders~ "
musliminnen ärgern sich über männlich bademeister. und bademeist ärgern sich über unschön musliminnen 😂😂😂
"democrat never believ in democracythey dictat they don't let you think, they think for you. they know best.… "
join our event in florida! it’ time for america to recov from eight year of obama! 
jay and silent surfer        stonedcomicbook midnight
rip prayers4california now tell us how strict gun law are help
the latest: trump make direct appeal to women voter 
pray anoth day makemusicreligi
"reasonsiaintinarelationship strive for progress, not perfect urembo"
stop ask shit won't chang your disastr life unlikelymagic8ballansw
deutsch rollstuhlbasketbal gewinnen em-bronz  via eurosport_d
hillaryclinton potu you insult me and A lot of americans.
clinton gain momentum as trump accus mount 
white lightn chick redneckamovi midnight
georgia senat race focus on everyth but hillari clint...  |  
"gopdeb Of course,  trump is so right, refugeesarenotwelcom vegasgopdeb"
dwell In the land Of sodom! RT  frpnicholson tcot cathol catholicpriest 
"donny, pose.  onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
A man who love peac will die exercis it. tcot christian god  jesuschrist 
"""at the end of 4 years, I guarante you, that I will get over 95% of the african american vote."" ~ donald trump "
thanksobama for arm isi
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you know how you said ""just 5 more minutes"" while reading? it' been 8 years. time to stop lying…"
"midnight cowtv             udder, she wrote"
macedonian parliamentari elect set for dec. 11  news
"clinton to decri well fargo fraud, propos curb of forc arbitr  polit"
thingstoknowabouttwitt peopl will alway compar twitter to facebook and want twitter to develop like facebook. Eg the edit button
"merkel: so, what' the plan? obama: just keep dancing, woman! "
thanksobama for the shit state of affair you'v put us in.
"louisiana elect poll are less accur than others, lsu professor say "
thumb wrestl betteralternativetodeb
"blood test, sweat"
awfulwaystodi autoerot asphyxi 
"thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!piss dem off, show them thi pic! "
toomey' split strategi embrac kain and attack clinton 
game of throne season 6: bran stark confirm return and weigh in on the jon snow debat gameofthron
godd zill hunt japanamovi midnight
"trumpbecaus He is a leader who' not scare to open mouth and say someth right, but unpleas to hear 👽👾"
clinton delet the truth again: darci cartoons: hillari deserv an honorari BS degre in damag control from t...  cleveland polit
apnewsbreak: UN critic of trump draw russian complaint 
"peopl don’t like rude people, so peopl are rude in return. break the cycl"
"ohplzlol you, too! 🎄🎁🎊"
islamkil it' easi to be a man who hide behind the secret servic to say that none of these refuge are terrorists! stopislam
true love
".olivernorthfnc: ""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" "
gay arnold!  problematickidsshow midnight
what is a friend? A singl soul dwell in two bodi
thingsinventedwhilehigh remot control
free foiiower   highschooltaughtm broadmoor team GB green day
your feel don't matter. offendeveryonein4word
onli one thought prayers4california 
A coward die a thousand deaths... A soldier die but once.
bori becker schmerzt die demontag von djokov 
they might Be giant mad men  addabandtoatvshow
all grand thought come from the heart.  – luc de clapier
immigrant-right group prepar to fight trump administr  
http - hitler-trump transilvanian partnership alternativeacronyminterpret
2 kansa teen to address dnc  news
anti-trump campaign hit london' street in red bu  world news
 watch wasn`t in vain
 hillarious)
"trump, after uproar over isi remarks, take familiar stance: blame media "
I feel lucki like a four leaf clover
dogsong let' spay togeth midnight
"As clinton focus on debate, trump say he’d champion women  news"
"netanyahu to meet with clinton, trump on sunday  polit"
peter thiel said to donat $1.25m in support of trump: nyt  polit
"manalblrz gosh... ok, the pictur is bad, just found it via google. Do you deni the problem is real? women' right r fine in muslim world?"
thank you for our liberty! happi birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
makesexawkwardin5word bet she tast like lychee'
did thi act prevent one terrorist act? No patriotact
gop' biggest fear come true: independ ditch donald trump 
trump say gop must improv it outreach to black voter  news
"I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the year we were apart"
old benghazi-obsess congressman super jealou of shini new benghazi 2016elect
when an attempt at satir goe horribl wrong…whitesupremaci whiteprivileg 
"trump name brownback, oklahoma governor and other to agricultur panel  news"
rudi giuliani :I save more black live than beyonce. she offend me. it' a shame. 
imag of the suspect in st. petersburg metro blastlook amish to mereligionofpeac 
would be fair to ban burqa!nationalbikiniday 
hassock time makemusicreligi
"anti-nuclear novic win japan election, blow to nuclear restart  world news"
2 broke girl target By robo-debt  maketvshowsaustralian
"lavish reynold is a hero for have the bravery, calm and wherewith to film that video. blackskinisnotacrim fa…"
"white teacher call black student ""broke ass n***er who will get shot.""disgusting! "
let' walk dogsong 
Ab dienstag wird es gewittrig und unbeständig gewitt hitz 
"""america want a change. hillari clinton is not a chang agent."" ~ scott walkernakedtrump "
lol 
with hillari clinton there will be no peace. We don't want american to die for her imwithhernow 
democrat convent night 4: what you miss  news |  
guten morgen und schönen mittwoch mein lieben! 😚 
baltimorepost great! waiting....
sexter. maketvsexi
"who did say that trump cancel rallies??trump ralli in everett wa, great crowds, great energy! trumpwa "
sie gefällt mir! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
whi not me  3wordsbetterthanilovey
hate?! love it! make it easier to spot peopl I don't want to talk to befor actual have to talk to them. ihatepokemongobecaus
great show! 
sick!f plan to spend $4.6 million next year on 'emot wellness' for refugees. 
whi don't you think that obama peed on the bed? goldenshow 
ihatepokemongobecaus my boyfriend like it more than he like me 
"with languages, you can move from one social situat to another. with languages, you are at home anywhere.  – edmund de waal"
funni thing is canada said they didn't want them eithertcot pjnet 
peopl who were say truth were forcibl remov from donald trump' speech in detroit trumpindetroit 
"Go on, investig russia and trumpyou won't find anything, it' fakenew maga "
"the good the bad, and the wealthi richmovi midnight"
".govmikehuckabee: ""if anybodi want to vote for hillary, do so, but realize: she' got more baggag than delta air… "
"elect day!!!!!!!!!!!!!! hillaryforprison @ cantu bruner designs, inc.  trumpforpresid"
will smith slam donald trump in dubai  |  
biblic respons mutual fund --&gt;  pjnet ccot
mynewcatchphrasei you want fri with that?
moroccan king defend advis over elect comment in rare remark  world news
"I repeat what I said personally, mr. trump: mexico will never pay for a wall "
. the second amend IS MY gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  impack nra tcot gop . 
"hillari want to sell our country, berni tri to turn it into a communist countri gopdebatesc"
"""where the willing is great, the difficulti cannot be great."" – machiavelli quot true"
merkelserfolg frau merkel ist unabhängig!  merkel ist mächtig 
"fergie, black eye pea headlin separ dnc concert  entertain"
somedayidliketose my name in light instead of a want poster.
man kritisiert merkel stark aber keiner redet von den erfolgen merkelmussbleiben
"trump talk: toomey, rothfus, murphi size up trump' impact on other gop race "
obama' tpp is go to stop your onlin troll - and your onlin everything.
where is thi clown kany west? bush is gone so liber don't care about louisiana. typic for hypocrites. 
midnight garbag plate aka donald trump politicalfood
the US hous of repres ha approv a bill author provis of lethal weapon to ukrain 
meanwhil at dncconvent what the msm doesn't want you to see! 
that' nice that some peopl still have brain and heart 
"sometimestwittermakesm have certain word stuck in my head. like ""thots"" and ""cucks"" and ""thot patrollers"" by obamamalik."
fightforjean turn them into hate group radic by the liber agenda. cute
got stuck under the tabl what to do searchesgoogleisashamedof
when you realiz democrat are go to make idiot of themselv  onc again and play into your hands… 
"trump donat nearli $6 mill To vets, guess how much clinton have donatedtrumpsacrific "
"oh, just ridiculous! oscarhasnocolor"
"uh, wikihow featur a cartoon of pre obama, beyoncé, and jay Z as ... white? "
itsriskyto assum person' gender 
youknowyoureunhealthywhen you defin islam as the religion of peac 
julian assange: We have more materi on clinton 
pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
ikeepwonderingif my xanax will kick in befor a take anoth mg.
"campaign, not trump, say obama wa born in the US  polit"
when you great grandson ha been about the blacklivesmatt movement.
everybodi passing! 
niemand kann besser al merkel sein merkelmussbleiben
todolistbeforechristma   get jerusalem and bethlehem total comb and terror free
I wish elect motto of both candid would be: make america care about fact again! election2016
obama' strategi to fight isi is bring them to america.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
much water run by the mill that the miller know not of  love
"topvideo donald trump, jr.: dad ""spent hi career with regular americans"" "
howtoloseyourjob 
igetdepressedwhen all the shug gone
die bühne de tomorrowland-festiv stand am samstag au zunächst ungeklärt ursach plötzlich in flammen. 
iamthankfulfor be real n attitud
can the defend beat trump? comicconin5word midnight
merkel hält an flüchtlings-deal mit der türkei fest merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
"bigenuff oh thanks, honey!y too!"
what a signific chang for the whole humanity! 
"but perhap my two fav athleticstvshow would have to be ""in the rick honeycutt"""
"so, what can I get for a penny? overheardatthewishingwel "
hmm🤔 whereshillari to support these poor mother whose kid were kill by illegals?!whytrumpcanceledr 
trump call for drug test befor debat 
new york attorney gener order trump foundat to ceas fundraising: polit extra  polit
"abus of ""literally."" mustbeban "
"sedgwick co. in dire need of elect workers, shortag could impact vote line  news"
the media doesn't want you to see thi amaz photo!y know what to do😏 
wasted: liber trigger By god emperor trump sign 
she won't RT me reasonstogetdivorc
i'm sorri i'm not good enough for you
merkel sorgen sich für pflege merkelmussbleiben
4wordgreatidea let' tri 2017 again.
foke two hundr walk out of ami schumer' tampa show after trump tear  foke
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
ly in my bed all day ishouldgetamedalfor
it' our oblig to cure america from what obama' presid ha done to it. teapartynew theteaparti nobama 
franc is turn into a shithol thank to weak immigr law and EU regulations. We can't allow it here! 
how mani american have die In u.s. wars? inhonorof
hillari support islam of america! the tragedi is a result of the stupid policy! 
let' make oscarsoblack trend oscarhasnocolor
live on periscope: it' time! american citizen vs. corrupt politician votetrump  electionday myvote2016 americ… h… trumpforpresid
man who admit vandal donald trump' star charg with feloni  
amen! 
politico polit how mean old john kasich becam mr. nice: ohio’ famous abras govern...  uniteblu tcot
californiamovi clockwork orang counti midnight
"pre-ord ticket to canada, use my promo code! hillary4prison trumpforpresid"
 x))) my friend feel the same)
yassss 😍😍😍
"clinton, kain hold campaign ralli in pittsburgh "
ne14phish nice one!
I shouldn't ask for more. i'v got so mani thing I should be thank for. –rapunzel
cop choke black high school boy To the ground for jaywalk 
"guten morgen! ich brauch dringend noch ein tass kaffee, um noch zu begreifen, wa unter schlagdenstar passiert.😀 "
"gop rep. boustani sue author, publish over prostitut accus  polit"
protect your pussi 
realdonaldtrump we can't believ ani of her word
honest peopl wouldn't allow a govern to disarm them! guns4ni
islamkil At least 1 of the terrorist that attack franc wa syrian refugee. brussel
"I wa up all night and now 4am time to watch foxandfriend today,go to be a long day but trumppenc  will win! trumpforpresid"
Do you think trump will win a second term?maga 
"bstrunknew hi, brianna! we'r hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover it, p… "
democrat convent day 1: cnn vet the claim  polit |  
don't ever forget that usa taxpay shouldn’t feed immigr illegalamigoz
it’ not democrat vs republicans. it’ the peopl vs corrupt politician !trumptrain maga 
becaus i'll kill someon at the first day in the offic reasoniamnotpresid
hillari clinton lie about fuck pickl jar! it' small thing but it show us who clinton realli is indicthillari 
you do not realli understand someth unless you can explain it to your grandmother.
"back up a minute: photo captur hillari clinton and the selfi generation, but there’ more to it  tech"
those ad you can't skip mustbeban
A stopwatch that goe up to one minut secondhandgift
what could be scarier than thi election? presid obama host hi final halloween party.  polit
"trump admit regret, wrongdo for 'heat of debate'  polit"
after hillari wins😂😂😂 
"nation secur expert “emailg ha destroy clinton, inc.”  "
bbq sauc
MT jstines3: the US constitut doesn't restrict the right of individuals! wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
i'm get a littl bit stronger
I need to make you see what you mean to me
"gop pollster: To surviv a donald trump backlash, learn fro...  |  "
america if trump loses.... whitegenocid gop tcot cruzcrew rubio cruz tlot ccot 
our hashtag game with ador giselleevn start at 10am est/ 7am pst/ 3pm bst
iknewweweredoom when there were no demon in thi movie. mansizedthumb 
"AZ deleg don't know pence, but trust trump  |  "
"tim kaine, straddl dual roles, call for congress to pro...  |  "
nocybercensorship it’ our constitut right to express our feel and thought freeli 
serena william and drake are definit dating. probably.
dojo dirt japanamovi midnight
midnight richmovi more money than god...zilla.
take control of me?
MT mericanrefugee: time for all conserv and libertarian patriot to unit behind cruz! tlot  cruzcrew pjnet
I want to be my cat! and my cat want me to find a separ flat 😪
happi is when destini match to your dream!
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari An 90 year old condom
prayers4california gun-fre zone are just useless!
reminder: hillari use paid actor to dress as naval offic to walk with her! 
"""pizzag to be exposed."
what the media isn't report about khizr khan -&gt; 
ohio: conceal carrier save an offic under attack 
thingsyoucantignor twitter 140 word limit to type
hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump RT for trump!! trumpforpresid
my2wordnightmar hillari clinton 
trump campaign chief reach out to former carter advis  polit
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
"the fact hillari is still run for presid just prove she is abov the law, and her support approv it… "
"clinton, trump confront weak in secur forum "
the fri of lot 49 makeabookwarm midnight
die afd-wähler werden diesen hashtag nicht mögen merkelmussbleiben
"charlott polic chief on not releas the keithlamontscott video: ""I never said full transparency. I said transp… "
mustbeban peopl who still wear croc
whi give second chanc when there are peopl wait for their first?
RT if you trust thi guy! 
trump on snl: from 'I know how to take a joke' to call for cancel 
trump ignit new firestorm: gun backer might stop clinton  news
"the director of my life,that’ who He is oscarformuhammad"
ihaveadreamthat a radioact spider will turn me into a super-hero
🚨 get trumpwon trending😉deb
invas of the beach bodi snatcher summeramovi midnight
donald trump: paul ryan is 'veri weak and ineffective' 
hillari clinton slam donald trump' tax plan in cleveland  polit
"despit the superfici differ between us, we need to have a sens that all 7 billion human be belong to one human family."
mark zuckerberg warn hi racist facebook staff -‘stop cross out blacklivesmatter…  
 so shiny!
trumpbecaus he is ripost to obama 😏😏😏
whi do we need anoth speachmak instead of a real president? hillarynothnx
clinton to latino organizers: let’ prove jan brewer wrong with record turnout  polit
"frankli my dear, I don't give a dung onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
clinton back on campaign trail after releas health info 
"It doesn't matter if you get knock down 7 times, as long as you stand up 8 times. ♥"
thi is whi we need blacklivesmatt 
"die union war mit einer gleichen ide zuerst! cdu  zukunftspd schulz will ein ""chancenkonto"" für arbeitnehm "
"ich bin stolz darauf, dass merkel, die mächtigst frau der welt ist! merkelmussbleiben"
"wollt ihr wirklich, dass die grenzen dicht gemacht werden und unser wirtschaft stehen bleibt? merkelmussbleiben"
"putin say dnc hack wa a public good, but russia didn’t Do It  polit"
"I believe, you can understand that 34 american kill everi day are kill by criminals, not averag gun-owners. "
usc trojan condom sexysport midnight
"pleas stop like thi video , thi song suck "
final night of gop convent  polit
see where trump-clinton race stand in florida and n.c. 
deutschland bleibt zweitwichtigst einwanderungsland der oecd  via zeitonlin
but pundit keep say that trump losing🙄 
how fakenew stori are creat 
freedomwork freedomwork gopdeb republican tedcruz marorubio teapub marorubio 
"A tale of polit gridlock: gop, dem explain how zika deal fell apart dure summer "
A robot call bender. robothiphop 
my2017biggesthop to be love 
 guy know what to do!
I can drive 55... becaus that maxim mpg! earthdaysong midnight
"histor day!congratulations, britain! you'r independent!brexit aticle50 "
thingsyoucantignor cold weather 
I love marvel 
experts: there may be a posit in the backlash to the donald trump video 
thi tweet ha age wellmakeamericagreatagain 
illeg immigr should not be abl to get the driver licenses. teapartynew teaparti patriot 
toavoidworki start annoy peopl so they'd better do everyth themselv
full metal jacket that let you fli japanamovi midnight
faith is not the belief that god will do what you want. It is the belief that god will do what is right.
"realdonaldtrump ""it' unbeliev hillari is run for the most visibl job in the world and yet she' invisible"" ~ mike huckabe"
thingsnottaughtatschool flirt cours
Is it imposs to find profession to do thi job or were they just better at hide thi stuff in the past? serviceofnosecret
"how to ""win"" presidentialdebate: put the msm on a short leash to bullshit everyon in favor of your lie ass… "
sanbernadino 2a secondamend california ca 
donald trump' presidenti candidaci In one easy-to-follow...  |  
rememb that islam is the religionofpeac 
boo! booo! booo!demsinphilli is dncdisaster! 
are you kidding?? twitter 
ben carson…  tcot
hillaryclinton flotu not your kind of corrupt countri for sure!
hous speaker paul ryan win gop nomin to run again 
"dear liberals, if you don't stop blame everyon els for your own lose you'll just keep on lose "
nigel farage: trump said we'd be 'friend for life' and I know clinton 'hate me' 
"As soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live."
RT if you also want saudi influenc out of the wh! 
"break offici say fire at trump hotel in nyc is “suspicious"" "
will gop' 'outrageous' elect mailer backfire?  polit
"""I fire hiliari bc she wa a lying, unethical, dishonest attorney!"" — jerri zeifmanhillarysemailsneverhillari "
there are even more of them after the inaugurationday 
sheriffclark realdonaldtrump We stand w/ u!
damn berni ! back at it again with the white guilt! demdebatemiami
clever_dov obama got scare of north korea?
trump eco aid want monetari polici to help trade: politico  polit
"sometim you find yourself in the middl of nowhere, and sometim in the middl of nowhere, you find yourself."
obama urg china to prod north korea harder on nuclear weapon  polit
myolympicsportwouldb commit crime without be convict 
the bark knight 
hillaryclinton We didn't miss you :)
philli fop chief On pre endorsement: clinton blew the polic offreminder: fratern order of polic endors trump
chelsea clinton to visit phoenix befor debat 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari kim jong Un
thi is the imag you will not on the media. 
La La disneyland  californiamovi midnight
pointless hash tag mustbeban
exactly!!! 😥😥policebrut debat 
wieso sagt man über d. ausschreitungen in hamburg merkeldeutschland? Es sind nur halt der linksextremismus. punkt. welcometohel g20ham
RT if you also think we need to ban these hideou veil in public!bantheburka banislam 
Be sure to check out tonight' coverag of a vawesleyan forum discuss the histor import of blacktwitter: 
when you have a good heart: you help too much. you trust too much. you give too much. you love too much
'they know she cares': michel obama' school nutrit legaci 
survivalguidetothanksgiv 1)show up 2)roll a fat joint 3)smoke said fat joint 4)eat  5)kiss everyon goodby
"bob312d dziekan531 yes, they are that stupid"
rap music. thingsinventedwhilehigh
"hillaryclinton hide her dirti stories, she lies, she want money and power. are you readi for hillary?? "
midnight the skate fishtv
apdiplowrit doe anyon care about water contamin with phosphoru in the american fall region?!
donald trump call obama 'founder of isis'  polit
take a regular shower (not to confus with golden shower) thefirst100daystodolist
hillari clinton aid huma abedin leav husband anthoni weiner after latest sext revel 
obama secretli gave iran $400 mil US taxpay $... RT if you also think he is traitor!impeachobama 
some thing take time.
"gameshowhostpickuplin mayb if thi date goe well we can go to the ""final round"" oh! tamra-1 internet-0 onfirebabi"
thingsinventedwhilehigh trump' presid 
"microsoft cut  18,000 employees(("
"45 more day till elect day!if you are vote trump, pleas like and share! "
oppress olymp 2017 open ceremoni 
At least 45 kill in syria after us-russia agreement 
realdonaldtrump We need to make america safe again!
thingsnottaughtatschool how to adult 
christmasaftermath strong wish to order smth onlin
"hillaryclinton will present a histor job program. you could have heard of it before, back in 2009. "
educ time: burqa isn't tradit dress! see what women use to wear befor muslim gain influence!👇 
On thi day in 1961 freedomrid were assault by brutal kkk mob in two alabama citi 
the in-br  redneckamovi midnight
back In the sandal again fashionsong midnight
israel ist unser freund! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
great to see  women w/ common sens who haven't fallen for toxic rhetor of the media.. debatenight debat 
bernic king to deliv thursday invoc to open final day of dnc  | 
If you are shoot for the star then i guess you'r aim at me  – j.cole
parti like kim jong Un 
black in america are kill time more than in other countri combinedblacklivesmatt blacktol 
aaaand just a reminderneverhillari tcot ccot hillaryforprison 
makeabookwarm midnight three men in a coat
guantanamo bay will be close mycampaignslogan
breaking: quebec citi mosqu attack shout ‘allahu akbar’ – radio canada witness.
alternativeacronyminterpret hud – hostil and unwilling develop
mike penc VS tim kain on jobs. 
badfortunecookiestoget hillary2016 is my nightmar 
MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
"sean_bishop yes, you'r not a detect"
out smart idiots.... hillaryforprison2016 electionfinalthought electionday votetrump  trumpforpresid
"donald trump: ""hillari clinton fals said no american ha die in libya.""cleveland "
ukrainian MP offer more detail on alleg payment to trump campaign chief  world news
"trump: ""hillari clinton and the democrat have ""done a terribl job for african-americans.” "
that' deep 😂😂neverhillari imnotwithhertcottp://wh.gov/ife5w &lt;--- thi petit will keep her out the offic 
obama ‘confident’ in clinton victori though not ‘overconfident’  polit
take those shoe off your teeth and quit runnin your mouth  – lil wayn
"season change, but cnn news doesn't "
use less uber 2017survivaltip 
the girl with the pearl jam ear onewordoffbook midnight
hula poop oneletteroffsport midnight
clinton condemn what she call “appar terrorist attacks”  news
live: hillari clinton speak to crowd in detroit 
even hillari clinton herself can't name her accomplishments. you think obama is bad? clinton will be far worse! 
sometimestwittermakesm think i can social in the real world too.
senatorleahi whi nobodi care about water polut with phosphoru in the american falls?!
death toll climb from boko haram massacr in nigeria resid of northeastern town…  Mo tcot sioa muslim
2016electionin3word hillary' a pedophil
I just want to remind liber that 
netanyahu to meet clinton and trump dure u.s. visit: sourc  world news
.hillaryclinton hmm🤔 did you wonder how the clinton went from zero to $300 million on a govern salary?! 
stopislam islamkil peopl who are worri that refuge are terrorist are do a great job
"obama: gop offer dark vision, fan hate  polit"
"offendeveryonein4word - onli 2 genders, snowflak"
.sensanders: 'hillaryclinton must becom the next potus.'demsinphilli 
warrior superstar stephen curri golf with presid barack obama 
andthenishouldhavesaid I need to speak to my attorney.
"erdogan: ""deutschland macht der türkei mit drohungen kein angst"" wir fangen noch nicht zu drohen an 😂😂😂"
christmasaftermath got a wed propos
imalwaysokwith inappropri dm's. spiceoflif
icelebratetrumpwith paint my black door orang
A key alli is urg john kasich to step up as a gop convent altern to donald trump: In a sunday night e...  cleveland polit
and they are go to ruin our countri togeth 
betteralternativetodeb all-neighborhood clown chase
marilynmonroe: the real lover is the man who can thrill you by kissing... quot quot
the more thing change… 1976 vs 2017 
"time after time, tri dodg all the douche-bag guys, tri trade all the wast times, for someth real in thi crazi life."
topnew montana offici end bighorn sheep hunt after die-off 
expert say white supremacist see trump as 'last stand' 
"everyth is clear, all answer are frank and no one tri to have hi finger in everi pie gopdebatesc"
addabandtoatvshow  milli vanilli list LA
I love the smell of lavend in the morn midnight onewordoffmoviequot
everi time I hear somebody' got offend by an inanim objectliberaltear 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian 
"now that you know the truth, here is the deal - help us beat them and make america great again. "
"everi time she tri to make a case against trump it fire back at her. funny, isn't it? trump2016neverhillari "
someon should tell hillari that drug and alcohol don't go well together. hillarysheath 
jason day-jordan spieth pair could lead to epic pga championship finish
you gotta fight for what you want
can you handl the truth?  pleas research  spiritcook cometpizza cometpingpong podestaemails33 hillaryforprison. trumpforpresid
merkel sieht in den usa keinen verlässlichen partner mehr. trump g7gipfel 
yasssssss ☺️💅🏿👑 
"when your heart and thought somehow appear to rhyme, you are in love."
"when i'm hungry, I eat. when i'm thirsty, I drink. when I feel like say something, I say it."
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy""… "
  crookedhillari collegelif collegespeak imwithh imnotwithh pennsylvania nafta maga feelthebern RT
nice tri lol 
makeamovieblack My neighbor obama 
explos in nyc. obama just continu in hi foundat dinner event.
hillari clinton' lucr california trip: $18 million ra...  |  
3wordsbetterthanilovey bright orang aventador
TO arms! eject the scum now! brussel banislam islamistheproblem islamiscanc nomulticultur deportthemal 
2anow i'v wait for thi petit for so long. consid yourself and read it please! 
they made it 
how I met your mother tongu maketvshowscanadian midnight
law and order. s(tephen) v(ogt) unit athleticstvshow
muffi the rodent slayer cattv midnight
there is no reason to trust you demdeb demndeb
"boycott homedepot for endors thi racist, sexist pos...nah then again he' the whole shit realdonaldtrump "
vida blue' clue athleticstvshow
"trump: ""if hillari wins, 2017 will be the year america lost it' independence"" billybushmademedoit "
weakest linkin park addabandtoatvshow
mayb hillari suffer from alzheim too. her memori return onli when she lie to her voter neverhillari 
you can't stopbannon but we must banislam 
insultingmovi don't sing
maga vote exitpol electionday imvotingbecaus chang crook  trumpforpresid
i'm not an environmentalist. i'm an earth warrior quot imawarriorbecauseikickbutt
"gopdeb the term 'seriou actor' is kind of an oxymoron, isn't it? like 'republican party' or 'airplan food' vegasgopdeb"
wikileak email reveal deray mckesson wa vet as a potenti dnc surrog 
tempo machen beim straßenbau merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
kansa voter to decid fate of gop congression incumb  news
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""look at those muscles."""
coyot ugli bitchfest  renamemillionwomenmarch
igetdepressedwhen all went wrong
hillary' mentor would like to hear what she think about race. debat debates2016 debatenight 
donald trump jr. make 'ga chamber' refer in critic media 
igetdepressedwhen it turn out my friend vote for trump
schulz' chancenkonto ist ziemlich leer. man kann gegen unser kanzlerin merkel nicht gewinnen 😌
"'I would onli do thi for polit reason (ie to make soro happy)' ~ robbi mook, hillary' camp managershe' a… "
"ted cruz: ""i'm get readi to get on a gigant airplan that ha donald trump' name paint on the side of it."" "
bon jovi and bill clinton stop in pittsburgh for 'get out the vote' concert 
trump: I have 'great confidence' in christi despit bridgeg trial 
wear my red!! trumpwinsbecaus of mom like me! puttingmyfamilyfirst realdonaldtrump jlmarchese111 foxnew trumpforpresid
iamthankfulfor US freedom 
If rap dont work it back To the corner again both hand On the nine like A quarter To ten  – mayhem morearti
black hillari obama support stab elderli white man (thoma shaw jnr) to death!obama say nothing... 
"ben carson: ""1 side want the govern to control your life from cradl to grave, &amp; 1 side want to put the peopl… "
you'r not the person who can tell us about others' lies... 
democrat social is...wait for it...socialism. demdebatemiami
yacunti anyway what?
love thi song 
happi birthday! our life would be imposs without you! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
ccot when graft won't work call it green energi   ecolog environ polit climatechang independ fyi
I wish polic don’t have gun at all iamwalt
"9min OF get schooled, ON land and the fed gov. america wake up. blacklivesmatt ,got U distracted. wakeup  "
summeramovi midnight 500 day of… oh god! what have I done? i'v ruin everyth
tc
i’m against drug war junkieu
"yeah, yeah ,yeah pretti"
"2ndamendmentday when the law disarm good guys, bad guy rejoic"
wakeupamerica 
trump ha turn over tax return for lawsuit and loan  news
victor oladipo deliv some big basket in the magic' win over the heat! nba basketbal puremag 
"bitch i'm a robot, beep! robothiphop "
"former gitmo detaine arrested, charg with be top isi recruit "
woke up believ that it wa sunday saturdaymorningvib timetravelerproblem lol...
"two broke girls, one cup maketvsexi"
I don`t need drug to be craaaaazi junkieu
while peopl are dream of total protect we alreadi have it 2ndamendmentday
trump trampl facts:  ccot teaparti nhprimari
oaktree’ howard mark say trump polici defi econom realiti  polit
what do you think about billi crystal' do sammi blackface? oscarrac or nobigdeal? oscarhasnocolor
isi may have a friend in ani arab work for US govern texasjihad
whytrumpcanceledrallies... actual he didn't😏just look at thi crowd! 
donald trump for presid over hillari clinton by a 2-1 margin. 
We were born to be real not to be perfect. ihq
trump' rump unlikelystripclubnam
it' not true that I had noth on. I had the radio on.  – marilyn monro
even georg W. bush wa better…  hillaryemail hillarynothnx
secondhandgift potu account on twitter
"topvideo clinton ha ""got a friend"" in carol king "
watch: latino love trump and support hi immigr policy! but msm doesn't want you to see this!trumpenmexico 
want to make money online? pasttensesong bigguytwitt makesexawkwardin5words… 
summer is over worstpaineverin3word
trump want to put bill clinton’ accus in hi famili box. debat offici said no.  polit
current candid know noth about fashion rejecteddebatetop 
"supremesacrificeday tell me, who' your hero?"
itmaycomeasashocktoyoubut hillari is a liar and we have evid dncleak 
whi obama is still silent about sanbernadinoshooting? prayers4california
3wordsbetterthanilovey I bought taco
thi pic say everything!😂😂
night At the museum: how the hell did I get here? redneckamovi midnight
"i'v eaten it in the morning, you ain't gotta tell your friend"
rip prayers4california gun-fre zone are just useless!
GO vote today onli if you'r a part of elector collegeif you'r not then don't go 
thingsyoucantignor the end 
malcolm X proclaim white peopl as devil and black are prais him. doubl standard inmemoryofmalcolmx
who care what about these old liar talk about demdebatemiami
"want to tell govt to be help rather than harmful, but not sure how? sign  letters/petitions! pjnet teaparti"
trump: ‘african-american peopl have been absolut mistreat and abus by democrat politicians’ 
"myocdin5word gotta fix it. whoever took thi picture, i'm gonna find you and fix it for you! "
trump is not a racist! 
"obama administr okay sale of boe jet to kuwait, qatar  stloui"
iamonfir  soooo cute
pretti sure the whole world ha been dread today nevertrump trumppence16 hillaryclintonforpresid hillaryclinto… trumpforpresid
We don't hate nobodi over their color. We hate oppression! 
trump turn to conserv flame-throw as campaign ceo 
igetdepressedwhen I realiz the world didn't end in 2012.
imwithh mean you'r with terrorist 
realdonaldtrump more basementdwel join our basketofdeplorables! the media will never show you thi pic.. sp… 
how much money you figur is in there?overheardatthewishingwel 
'vote for hillari b/c she is a woman is like drink antifreez b/c it look like gatorade!' - greg gutfeld 
mybedroomin3word  my thing itch
highschooltaughtm if you aren't good at math you'r noth
life is like a marathon. long
MT texancat: thi is the command In chief our brave men
drunkband rage against the breathalyz machin midnight
the patriot act is the worst ever happen to us surveillanceday
"reasonsiaintinarelationship you'll be build alone. and ur partner  just stand and look at u like ""awunyi perhap """
stolz auf hamburg mutig helden hamburg barmbek   
"""hillary... you don't support women. you destroy them."" ~ judg jeanin pirrowomenwhovotetrump "
"addcartoonstohistori """
war IS peac
come On down! gameshowhostpickuplin
did it harm nation security? definitely. Do hillari support have ani concern about it? rhetor question… 
comey clearli got the hors head treatment hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
obama say north korea sanction must be implement after missil fire  world news
"wrigld ffs, is there at least the tiniest bit of tuna?"
dave parker lewi can't lose athleticstvshow  
thingsinventedwhilehigh trump' wall
freerepublic: whi a top food poison expert wonât ever eat these food  tcot
"charl hurt: “no matter how much the clinton lie, those email do not lie.” hillarysemail "
"herro , dorri midnight japanamovi "
either hillari clinton lie to the fbi or she lie on a state depart form as she began her tenur as secstate👏 
"I can't hear you, woman!you'r almost naked! "
it' simple. their master told them to sit down and shut up. extrem leftist attack-dog onli resist when their m… 
"donald trump call for ""honest"" state department, as major of voter fault hillari clinton on fo...  polit"
No injuri after penc plane slide off runway in nyc 
potus_tweet sure
"A wise person speak care and with truth, for everi word tht pass between one' teeth is meant for someth"
yoga pose that will improv your sex life -
"clinton urg u.s. congress to reconvene, pass zika bill  health"
hillaryclinton hillaryforprison killari trumpforpresid
"teen arrest over suspici devic wa consid convert to islam, ask peopl to call him by a muslim name… "
5 way trump' rnc 2016 wa at odd with all other u. polit convent
"can’t do anyth with that, I just love failur video "
washingtonpost the first nail in the coffin of america!
and he delet hi tweet 
I just don't understand whi they are keep her. she didn't do anyth but wit a cop murder her boyfriend blackskinisnotacrim
you led strong in poll and said you would win   instead you are a loser   and a whini b*tch   not a man tcot ccot 
nypd nab man scale trump tower In new york 
budgetmovi not drive over 55 to conserv ga and furiou about it
almost all drug dealer In main are black Or hispanic: main gov. say 
stonedcomicbook midnight inhuman medic marijuana law
okanoth question: who will be our next president? 
"he' kinda tell you: ""shut up and listen!"" pretti much sum it up. free press is deadwakeupamerica "
whyimgangsta ... i'v purchas a slurpe at an inner-c 7-eleven
I found the love that I knew I would miss itun
clinton campaign chief dismiss furor over dnc e-mail as temporari  polit
clinton say she won't be 'knock off course' in final week 
kirwan6 yup it' time for hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"eminem releas new track, diss donald trump and support "
great lake no help for a struggl trump on road to 270 
roxystanton1 mailonlin I know! I can't even imagin how far they can go
trump say clinton ha ‘tempera of a loser’ as He pride hi  polit
"obama describ refuge as ""women &amp; children.""r cross: 72% are men of fight age.typ oboom "
don't forget to vote today in the riggedelect trumpforpresid
watch hillari call american black super predators!that need to be spread!!!debatenight debates2016 
sumo' better blue japanamovi midnight
"We need to protect person freedom, econom freedom and creat a debt free future.teapartynew theteaparti "
ted cruz profit off donald trump well befor endors him: polit extra  polit
obama to highlight clinton’ presidenti bona fide at dnc  news
won't you let me know
sometim the question are complic and the answer are simple.
ihaveadreamthat all deton on suicid bomber will go off as soon as they put the suicid vest on
state polic tell westmoreland co. resid To lock their vehicl after break-in  news
how will obama protect us from isi terror?? isisingarland
anoth victim of hillaryclinton' crimes. how dare some idiot say that clinton remind them of kennedy? 
I love weed So much I tri To marri juana  – lil wayn
ES
second-hand cloth lion budgetmovi midnight
I have no idea 
never read your horoscop on a day that you are in an import competition.
whi donald trump' messag reson with gop voter anger by the establishment' unfulfil pro...  polit
trumpbecaus trump2016 is gonna win it. He will be merca reset button. 🎅🏿👅👈🏿
jeff bezo say he won toler a callou amazon workplac
thi littl guy think so slow 
kain give himself high mark for tuesday’ debat perform  polit
"time doesn't heal anything, it just teach us to live with the pain."
itsok2begay our countri ha enough problem to think of gay marriag right now
"with confidence, you have won befor you have started.  – marcu garvey"
"hillari clinton’ surprisingli normal life as bookworm, ‘movi freak’  news"
thingstodoinawaitingroom preorder nickfradiani' amaz album hurrican befor it come out tomorrow! 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm should'v save your fifth teen money
it look like she want the discret to cherri pick what email becam part of the public record whatclintonwrit
"jarmadillo jarrardnorman well, sort of"
melania trump say her husband’ remark unaccept  polit
offici dismiss trump’ assert about nfl and debat  sport
rejecteddebatetop blue or gold? 
"bewar of jealous for verili it destroy good deed the way fire destroy woods. instead,ask allāh to bless that person oscarformuhammad"
pro-clinton super pac prioriti usa action break fundrais record  polit
"thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!piss dem off, show them thi pic! "
NC trump staffer resign amid lawsuit alleg he pull gun  polit
"there are 820,000 illeg alien in the us!they are crimin and must be deported! "
over 90% of the iceberg is below the water! floridaelectionnight 
black peopl are not divid ppchistori
california in a nutshel 
we'r celebr the day that is no longer independenceday. It ha lost it true mean
dogsong bitch (too on the nose?) midnight
myemmynominationwouldb a particip award
"уже этой ночью мы узнаем, какая ЖЕ палочка выиграет! election2016 vote2016 "
I don't know what pjnet wa taught about slavery!  I wa taught it' about control other  i'm conserv
DO bluelivesmatt ?   blacklivesmatt alllivesmatt
"It wa a long distanc sniper headshot from a grassi hill at night. swat, hm? copswillbecop"
pressur mount on trump for tax transpar  polit
sometimesitsokto speak sarcasm as a second languag 
game of throb  maketvsexi
"domin men, condescend one   ilove__butihate__"
neverforget the biggest and worst islam terrorist attack. We live so thi would never happen again 
hillari is go to destroy america!
watch: muslim scream ‘allahu akbar’ in policeman’ face &amp; abus him!
malcolm X (39) assassin in audubon ballroom at a ralli of hi organ inmemoryofmalcolmx
"'america spoke loud and clear, we don't want that swamp in washington' ~ brunelldonald "
"kenya? fuck no, i'm go to disney world, bitch. potuslasttweet"
peopl with job and secur find it easi to be hard on peopl who need a hand to get by. hope they never find themselv there
demdeb i'm sure hillari ha some more file squirrel away somewher in her basement… demdebatemiami
sign and share the petition!
franchesca ramsey' retir home for trump fan Is brilliant  
donald trump realdonaldtrump is still a leader among gop candid despit the scandal with hi ex wife
it' better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it guns4ni
california we stand with you prayers4california
peopl are just as happi as they make up their mind to be.  – abraham lincoln
✋✋ don't 💥🔫! blacklivesmatt emojiaweekend
fritos! thingsinventedwhilehigh
'polit correct kills': retir lt. gen. flynn say we'r lose war against radic islamchelseaexplosion… 
don't forget about it 
"ivanka trump say if father lose elections, he will do the right thing and conced  "
amymelnyk and sanduski wa a pedophile. i'm just surpris you didn't draw a parallel with john wayn gaci here
trump appoint director of african-american outreach  polit
trump: i'll expand stop-and-frisk to cut crime in black commun 
that idiot who destroy trump' star is now face up to 3 year in prison and more than $10k in fine 😂… 
britain to build 13ft high wall in calai to block refuge from enter the UK 
valentinesdayin3word play hashtag game
mike penc break with donald trump on 'birther' comments: polit extra  polit
thanksobama for go on vacat while the countri wa fall down
"""when gun are outlaw onli outlaw will have guns!""  2A tcot  prayers4california"
NY prison escape arraign on charg in dare breakout
"yep, that' the real hillary! No soul!i think peopl are final see who she realli is!basketofdeplor "
cheech and chong' van nuy dream californiamovi midnight
hillari is still on the race? I thought she’ in prison alreadi demdeb demdebatemiami
idioci ha no limits: someon draw a nazi graffiti on a nyc subway. liber instantli blame trump supporters. no… 
it' monday and it mean that our game begin in 30 minut
smoke marijuana and let your brain soften! junkieu
obama plan vast expans of hawaiian marin sanctuari 
hillari clinton attack trump over beauti queen tweet at coral spring ralli  via news 
thingstodoinawaitingroom spoon out
"peopl are loos control over america! We need the govern of the people, by the people, for the people! "
childrenthinkthat I won't sink to their level. lol I can throw tantrum too.
msm wonder whi peopl believ there wa voter fraud by illegals?
secondhandgift a samsung note 7 
fact check: trump’ terror speech  polit
can you defeat it? tcot 
bradley cooper tell michel obama he ditch underwear at white hous 
it' a sad result of a refugeeswelcom polici 
"trump tower climber: who he is, and what he thought he wa ...  |  "
potuslasttweet good luck... i'm outta here!!!
social at it best 
"trump foundat face troubl legal, ethic question  news"
ihatepokemongobecaus I have to walk long distanc pokemongo
"the guy you'r gonna marri and have a kid with, is hang out with brook shield right now"
thi guy ha an import msg for hillari clinton!help him to spread hi word!hillaryshealth 
thingsthatcomefromflorida refuge 
thi elect is be rigged! report voter fraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (trump la… 
I swear not a scratch better come on thi woman. she did absolut noth and obey the offic the entir time. blackskinisnotacrim
warren: trump ha 'dark and ugli soul'  polit
whi do girl put their hand on a guy' stomach in pictur is he pregnant are you conduct an ultrasound can you feel the babi kick
cruz: princ of dark   princ of dark = satan! cruzcrew tcot ccot
I feel realli bad about this!teapartynew theteaparti polit 
cancelplansin5word the restrain order' veri clear...
We think k.j.' readi too... 
jeden tag versucht frau merkel die problem der bevölkerung lösen merkelmussbleiben
pope On the water  makemusicreligi
fox new poll: 53% for  temporarili ban non-u.s. muslims! 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"ruinadinnerinonephras no, it' not in yet! (it is)"
"ccot ""it is imposs to mental or social enslav a bible-read people.""  ~ horac greeley freedom liberti polit"
igetdepressedwhen I wake up
itturnedawkward when bro thought he’  perfect
show - that' where dem are good. but not take respons demswontpass
survivalguidetothanksgiv tri to eat turkey befor it’ll tri to eat you
harri potter and the order of the phoenix onlin univers  budgetmovi midnight
mother of jail sailor: 'hold hillari to same standard as my son on classifi info'
socialism: thi is how it work 
it' a cult. they sold their soul to her staywok 
demdeb trump will trump their ass off! demdebatemiami 
not a singl blm dindu should miss thi messageblacklivesmattar 
how do you feel about the police? ha your respect for them grown as much as white people’ admiration? 
trumpbecaus he can solv all the problem 🌞
thingsyoucantignor 
"trump that bitch trump2k16 grabherbythepussy, everybodi a closet trump fan he gon win, fuck hillari , fuck hillari trumpforpresid"
twittercanbeabit    bothersom
complic - complic - avril lavign  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
I won the chaffer and my friend bought me a keg of beer
I got beef with commercial-ass nigga with gold teeth lampin’ in a lexu eatin’ beef
protest forcibl remov after disrupt donald trump speech in detroit 
hack trove show clinton aid suggest email joke 
cnet: new 'ghostbusters' imag reveal charact in action - cnet  tech tcot
"obama, trump and the ‘zigzag’ nation  "
the realiti of be black in america 
"more hashtags, more fun! join! searchesgoogleisashamedof smith_bil"
beer sale will skyrocket electionfinalthought 
hillari is total control by her donor and she will do whatev they say! debat 
the latest: phoenix demand trump stop use officer' photo 
thefirst100daystodolist marri a younger model 
"bombshell: over 1,000 illeg voter in eight virginia localities.. "
melania trump speech paint a ‘kind and fair’ donald trump  news
maketvsexi   the stalk dead   ...what?
eigentlich ist da ein gute initiative. integr besteht au solchen nebensachen! asylkris flüchtling 
obama urg nation to ‘forg unity’ after bitter elect  
am I wrong?? lol 
rememb the celebr who said they would leav the countri if donald trump wa elect president.. 
We have no right to express an opinion until we know all of the answers.
excel footag 
"In econom speech, clinton give liber noth to worri about  polit"
MT gcustomer99: pray for peac and wisdom for tedcruz and hi campaign.  cruzcrew pjnet
gopdeb you know that  the onli sander I like is in kfc gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"merkel ist ein kraft, mit der man rechnen muss!! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch"
hillaryclinton meet dem who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! teamusa 
lastminutegifts2016 empti tape dispenser.
breaking: obama paid $400 million to iran as 4 american detain in tehran were freed. 
michelleobama made a veri touch speech. that' what you get when you write your speech  for yourself 
live simply. love generously. speak truthfully. pray daily. leav everyth els to god.
"captain_nappi yes, hillari IS the queen of fuckery. hillaryforprison2016 treason trumpforpresid"
toothless In seattl redneckamovi midnight
she' not interest in me and there' realli noth I can do about that
mexico call trump wall plan 'outrageous' after visit  world news
A church in north carolina regularli hold racist anonym meetingsracistsanonym amerikkka 
"guns4ni keep away from me, guncontrol lunatics! i'm gonna protect my famili when if they come for us!"
particip trophy? 
"weirdthingstobuyonlin sextoy on amazon...damn, i'm so weird. "
daili reminder: rep. sheila jackson lee wa wear a hillari pin while investig hillary! 
US presid barack obama order to send 3000 special forc for an oper at the syrian citi of raqqa 
cop let a 11 year old girl die with asthma so the can issu a traffic ticketbtp 
gopdeb you can make america great again vegasgopdeb
accord to jim... what? It got milk for 8 seasons. cowtv midnight
Is 9/11 now onli white americans' tragedy? 
tcot ccot pjnet chri brown cancel down under tour after visa troubl
breaking: deforest in haiti is caus by hungri children who eat the tree 
ifiwereyourmom I would be the same 
jame carvil say clinton fnd critic will go to hell will burn w/femal sander voter
addabandtoatvshow all in the famili of man
Be good to everyone!  my4wordnewyearsresolut
da ist sehr zu schmutzig kampf...
uniteblu unitedem blacktwitt  
howtoloseyourjob tell your boss black live matter
halibut your mother fishtv midnight
social ha A perfect record OF failur with NO success   via 3tags_org pjnet
legal drug send messag that it` ok to use drug junkieu
overheardatthewishingwel hey I threw about 2 buck worth of coin and you never grant my wish you greedi bastard!
"kain critic trump on tax returns, busi debt  news"
"trump is master of hi domains, even one that bash him  news"
topvideo voter on trump' taxes: 'selfish' &amp; 'immoral' 
reason whi he is a pro bowler... 
челси клинтон: Я горжусь своей матерью 
islamkil they don’t belong to america
No more muslim brotherhood spi in the white house!trump2016 
howtogetmediaattent don't be hillari clinton. there is zero coverag of her problems. 
"survivorsremors , imendingstigmabi , shaun crawford , gameshowhostpickuplin , thestrain , CJ sander"
thefirst100daystodolist win an oscar 
top tweet of vice presidenti debat 
that' how american resolv their problems! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
seem like a touch lone
thingsnottaughtatschool how to twerk your enemi to death
live video: clinton' pledge: steadi hand at 'moment of reckoning'  polit
merkel hat ein guter leumund merkelmussbleiben
peac in the world  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"christianhirt die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel"
fundrais to replac a bullet-riddl memori sign on the locat where emmett till’ tortur remain were foun… 
"real rapper is hard to find, like a remot  – common"
topnew forecast of convent bonanza fall short for cleveland busi
"We walk in want somethin’ bottl pop like we won something, rais a glass for err’ybodi that’ done someth from nothin’  – fabol"
Do not let the shadow of your past darken the doorstep of your future. forgiv and forget.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A fart when I have diarrhea
the beverli bogan maketvshowsaustralian midnight 
"hillari latest defense: what is classifi information, anyway?"
gallery: hillari clinton and donald trump meet for final debat  news
new york bomber ahmad khan rahami wa a trump hater  the left is the most violent. dyingdemparti
confid come not from alway be right but not fear to be wrong
will trump have shot at win state given our number of working-class white men?  local
love actual not insultingmovi
"the joy of paint the outsid corner, with tyson ross athleticstvshow"
"whenev I delet text messag from you, I feel like Im delet a part of me… dailyteen"
favorit for a funni dm! retweet for two dm
bob costa rip cub pitcher for “atroci performance” (video)  news
"A new hit from the creator of ""it' bush' fault"" hillaryforprison trump2016 "
…they'r not dead…! 3wordsbetterthanilovey 
ben carson defend connect hillari clinton to lucif  polit
michel obama is be urg to run for presid in 2020  
trump not keen to have presidenti debat compet with nfl  polit
it love to know that the world cant interfer with the insid of your head.
"""срок годности молока заканчивается в тот же день, когда заканчивается срок годности америки""election2016… "
A dream is a wish your heart makes.
onewordoffbook midnight A portrait of the princ as a young man
"thanksobama trump will be busi with hi ""pen and hi phone"" undo everyth that obama ha done with his. "
"We all have alway been awar that buzzfe is a shithole, but thi articl is the worstdraftourdaught "
green hairnet superoldhero midnight
dickflick bednob and broomstick not dick
rubio is a liar. and a poor one at that. … iowacaucu iowatoday tcot rino gope
hillari clinton on nafta. We let thi happen but we won't let thi to continue! No nafta! No tpp! trumppence16 
the 2016 presidenti campaign put the “ugh” in ugli  news
"фотография ""встречи"" клинтон с избирателями.либо это самая большая в мире сходка двойников, либо кто-то очень херо… "
todolistbeforechristma noth
toavoidworki employ a clever disguise. 
"""die kanzlerin al ein hort der stabilität und verlässlichkeit""  ganz mein meinung! "
5/5 dnc busi modeldncleak 
giftideasforpolitician a bit of logic
2A An arm societi is a polit society. A liber societi is a brainwash societi trumppresid 
watch &amp; RT the ugli truth about blacklivesmatt activism! blm dallaspoliceshoot whiteprivilegemean 
top donald trump advis paul manafort resign from campaign  polit
obama arriv in israel for funer of shimon pere  world news
thingsthatshouldbecensor girl who think guy can't multitask 
midnight lord of the lie    onewordoffbook 
liber logic 101 
singer who chart in the ’70 seek to rais the volum on clinton fundrais  polit
"victim of benghazi haunt hillary,  call an exorcist medicalepisod "
someth obama couldn't have done in sever yearsmakeamericagreatagain 
2ndamendmentday ha a great impact on social safeti 
trump2k16 I wanna see how far the meme can go trumpforpresid
"missouri gop deleg seek to dump trump, other reluct "
thingsnottaughtatschool how to enter hogwart
"humoritarian well, I know how i'm go to spend my vacat"
"thank you selma, north carolina tomorrow at 3pm! trumppence16 trumpforpresid"
kampf gegen terror us-militär meldet tod von is-medienchef
It is better to have less thunder in the mouth and more lightn in the hand.
"If we don't adjust the system to the need of time, we'll kick ourselv back in time. patriot act need to be elimin patriotact"
have you ever seen peopl walk around with 'hillary' flags?! 
fbi director say bureau probe elect interfer fr...  news |  
pneumonia diagnosi fuel question about clinton’ health 
islamkil syrian refuge are not welcom in my neighborhood! you garbag liberal!
15 min to go
"""summeramovi"
blood on hands3wordhillari benghazi 
"If you tri to fail, and succeed, which have you done? -georg carlin"
chasesherman wa kill and cop face no charges. what about us all join the polic forces: will we becom immun to e…
japan PM stress import of tpp trade pact in clinton meet  news
that' how I see liber makeamericagreatagain 
offendeveryonein4word vaporwav is actual good
perhap one ha to be veri old befor one learn to be amus rather than shocked.  – pearl S. buck
topvideo investor buy beaten-down share 
Do you want points! on the backend? gameshowhostpickuplin
weedsillegalbut it' the onli way the gop can put up with trump.
merkel hat die niedrigst jugendarbeitslosigkeit in europa merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
piss off a democrat: you can just start talk about freedoms. teaparti teapartynew conserv 
nocybercensorship is onli possibl if we unit in our fight
brussel islamkil prayforbelgium prayforbrussel
state gop chair say parti will handl donald trump’ groun...  |  
"bar that natur express of villaini which we all have, the man look honest enough."
sssss hey sssss hey ssss cancelplansin5word
I will not feel guilti about america defend american islamkil stopislam
icelebratetrumpwith my fellow republican
rumors: hillari wa spot get readi for her CT scan..whereshillari 
clinton confid to testifi befor hous benghazi panel – beaumont enterpris 2016elect
idrunforpresidentif it' a 20 hour per week job
staffer: 'mistake' led to trump speech kerfuffl  stloui
survivalguidetothanksgiv lie. about everything. they onli think that they want to know the truth.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari freedom of speech in US
hope is a talent like ani other.  – storm jameson
davidsdepriest you'r a veri smart person
not sure about the number but you get the idea...blacklivesmatt milwauke 
"top rnc moments: nomin trump, indict clinton  polit"
asateenageri support trump2016! proud of our youth!alwaystrump1776trump 
kill them all  lostin3word
trump to african-american voters: what Do you have to lose?'  polit
"just when you think it can't get ani worse, it can. and just when you think it can't get ani better, it can"
mexico financ minist out in shakeup after unpopular trump visit  news
"bishopping, by the prophet shop boys. makemusicreligi"
thingsdonebymistak let your enemi live when you have them by the throat  .worldofhashtag gi…
makeabookwarm the first 5 billion year of the earth jithendraantonio
"djt: ""accord to pew, there are 24 million voter registr in the unit state that are either invalid or si… "
danni trejo: you can be proud of your mexican heritag but in the end you are an american. fli thi flag proudly! 
it' not that fuck easi to give up on someth and you may relaps a coupl time and ur back at the start  thetroublewithaddict
fact check: clinton’ trump Up zika claim  polit
alllivesmatt
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"poem about ""green energy"", a la seuss:  keyston energi green liberti pjnet 1"
rawlings-blak to trump on twitter: 'girl bye' 
"the longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us. – voltair"
andthenishouldhavesaid that I want theborgia back not stop until I get it back. savetheborgia
watch how rapefuge treat women! thank to our leader for bring them here! womensequalityday 
"""it' disgust that the presid is play golf while thi is happening"" ~ eric trump louisiana "
reasonsiaintinarelationship it ain't my time yet.
it' not the war on drugs. it' the war on freedom 
"""I will do everyth to protect our lgbtq citizen from the violenc of a hate foreign ideology.""~ donald trump "
need more cowbell. mybedroomin3word
O mighti bless- goat 
"""donald trump should be presid of the unit states."" - miketyson mondaymotiv "
"curehiphop it' true. I went full uncl rucku within 48 hr of blacktwitt 's powerful, concentr niggadry."
rememb person develop train start with just one quote! – dale carnegi
when nobodi believ you when you tell them donald trump ruin everyth smh timetravelerproblem
1 of these day mayb your magic won't affect me and your kiss won't make me weak
"trumpprotest is paid by soros, and you snowflak are too dumb to realiz it. No one' buy your bs about racism… "
"donald trump on new york bombing: 'I call it,' say profil need  polit"
shini alpi peopl songshannibalwoulds
and it felt so good J 
worldnew injur boult to return home (the sydney morn herald ) 
"therealrafiek 'radic islam', not 'radic islam terrorism'"
☕ in ny/nj/pa 
"brussel brussel aftershocks: not all refuge are terrorists, but some could be, and therein lie the problem islamkil"
scoobi doo and the mysteri of fraud new cnn addcartoonstohistori 
what a time to be alive!makeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump 
UB thirti someth addabandtoatvshow
how much crime should they commit so our esteem presid will understand? 
chri smith shun christi but not trump | the auditor 
hungari to deploy armi to stop migrant at border
islamkil they are get closer to the countri I live in with the terror attack at brussel airport..
"donald trump ""we cannot, as a society, toler thi level of violenc and suffer in our own cities."" "
luke_jones13 these are the 'innoc civilians' obama/clinton want to bring here and wast our taxpayers’ money on.
RT if you'r also done with bias show of hillary’ unoffici campaign manag megyn kelly! boycott kellyfile! 
honorforthebrav happi to congratul all the american who are on duti make our street and neighborhood safe!
how can our politician sleep calmli when thousand of our hero are homeless and suffering? support our veterans! 
hillari &amp; obama invit thousand of syrian refugees! they are come to your neighborhood! 
ihaveadreamthat we’ll be togeth someday
icelebratetrumpwith prepar to say goodby to obama
If you don't support the second amend you maigh have never had to defend yourself. noth to discuss here  guns4ni
iamthankfulfor final end a chapter in my life that wa poison me and all the good that ha come since.
".bre_payton: ""thi countri ha not led by exampl for quit some time... A lot of that is due to obama' policies… "
growingupmexican like jeb bush 
RT if you are also look forward to a presid that care about our cops! 
islamistheproblem  We must prayforbrussel and especi for the terrorist
trump taunt 'tough guy' vice presid joebiden over 'behind the gym' comment 
merkelserfolg die konsequent flüchtlingspolitik zählt dazu ich werd sie wiederwählen
"perseverance719 He wasn't presid when he did. He wa an entertainer, and no one call him racist, btw. whi is that, I wonder!?"
"trump, clinton plot diverg path to victori follow raucou debat "
and thi is what we have to look forward to in edm... 
the new black panther parti leader said that peopl should “truli examine” trump` outreach to the black community. 
polit donald trump hold press confer in florida
you know that  My vote for carson gopdeb vegasgopdeb
hillari arriv at the scene. debatenight debat debates2016 
".realdonaldtrump: ""I realli feel a common sens on the variou issu we'r talk about."" nbcnewsforum"
"Of course,  No open borders! We don’t need terrorist here vegasgopdeb"
politweec let me take him home 😢
be expos for how chillingli disturb you realli are. thingstobeashamedof 
trump on unarm clinton guards: 'let' see what happens' 
Do the right thing america. vote realdonaldtrump maga election2016 trumpforpresid
"""thi is the greatest period of corrupt in modern american history."" ~ newtgingrich "
andi you goonie! overheardatthewishingwel 
topnew clinton foundat warn donor about target phish attempt
obamanextjob the corner of 5th and main
makeabookwarm the shine sun midnight
"that' whi I believ that patriot is what we realli need here, in america. teaparti "
signsyouareamerican you have your own american dream
clinton lead trump by 8 point in pennsylvania in cb new poll  polit
guten montagmorgen mein lieben! So flieg ich in die neue woche! mondaymotiv 
trumpbecaus donaldtrump will not be bought! He know how to spot polit games. 😂
daili reminder: In the senat hillari clinton vote 98 time for higher taxes! 
the latest: first trump elect ad look at immigr 
trump travel To mexico after invit from presid 
RT if you also think that blacklivesmatt is a domest terrorist group!demsinphilli 
"hey shaunking, why'd you delet thi tweet? don't worry, I save it for you. you'r welcome.."
research is what i'm do when I don't know what i'm doing.
"""ruinadinnerinonephras they: so what do you do for a living? me: um… play hashtag games"""
when I wa grow up I alway want to be someone. now I realiz I should have been more specific.  – lili tomlin
"49er quarterback colin kaepernick: 'let' make america great again, for the first time' "
"thefirst100daystodolist shave the head, be bold is trendi"
when art speak louder than corrupt mediawakeupamerica 
"mayor giuliani on trumpenmexico ""he made it clear that illeg immigr hurt both countries."" "
and the winner is... realdonaldtrump oscar 
hillari clinton say one thing to donor and other thing to the voters.sh is so corrupt! nasti woman!debatenight debat trumpwon
the goldfishberg midnight  fishtv
oooh yes! 
liber hypocrisi at it finest. In all it gloria! liberallog 
"In delco, trump tell faith of need to repair inner citi "
I knew it is like this!! 
japanamovi midnight  meet scar-jo black
gopdeb you know that  We need strong leader and not anoth pussi like obama vegasgopdeb
agentofreality1 georg freak soro fund blacklivesmatter!
"rep. dold talk trump, nat'l secur in exclus interview "
my6wordopinion make america great again - vote trump 
one more time folks! it' up to us to take our countri back from the elites. trumppence16 maga  trumpforpresid
reminder: bill clinton wa impeached! HE wa impeached!!deb 
the debat in the republican parti need to be between libertarian and conserv vegasgopdeb
im such a fuck jealou asshol i pretend like i dont care but i care so much im gonna explod iamonfir
winchester78c My respect to your dad
A tribe call cylon  robothiphop midnight
'the principl of life that europ ha built on are in mortal danger.' ~ victor orban 
".realdonaldtrump in august: ""I don't like huma go home at night and tell anthoni weiner all of these secrets… "
trump unveil plan to boost militari spend  polit
"the latest: Xi meet obama at ""hing moment""  "
islamkil prais god and these brave mayor for take care of us.  brussel
topvideo south african court order indict sudanes leader not to leav 
merkel ist die best merkelmussbleiben
warm-hearted give rise to the self-confid and inner strength that support a calm mind.
don't have ani regrets... my4wordnewyearsresolut
don't let the msm fool you 
never seen so much trash in one place 
"On decemb 4,1969, fred hampton and mark clark were shot to death by 14 polic officers. blacklivesmatt …"
"johnsonjoan I person don't have anyth to do with lynching, i'm not respons for ani of these thing you told about."
rnc transfer $6.35 million to down ballot race  polit
"tvlifelessonsilearn there are wrong side of the ""tracks"", and all the cool cute boy live there."
We can't afford step on the same rake twice when it come to the fate of our peopl
krei günzburg: wenn schon kinder zur feuerwehr gehen - nachrichten krumbach - augsburg allgemein 
vike of leon addabandtoatvshow
quit play game with my prophet makemusicreligi
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
millennialsmadr right
her son wa kill by an illeg alien. she read a person letter from donald trump.  
"$375,000 deposit To the khan law account from the clinton foundat "
hillari clinton appar ha earli parkinson diseas apparently. unfit into offic physic and mental 
trump2016 maga neverhillari ever hillary4prison  trumpforpresid
"thingstoknowabouttwitt highli addictive, no twelve-step program."
"obama, biden slam trump, tout clinton  news | "
myemmynominationwouldb stupid tweet ever
my4wordnewyearsresolut studi first befor landi bghahahahahahahahah ano daw
"To preserv liberty, it is essenti that the whole bodi of peopl alway possess arm guns4ni"
"'littl doubt' russia behind dnc hack, US offici say  polit"
.sheriffclarke: fbi should investig tape show democrat oper plan to caus violenc at trump ra… 
".realdonaldtrump say if you'r from syria and a christian, you can't come to the u.s. as a refuge …"
My littl baloney poni dickflick midnight
ron weasley in ‘lego house’??  
christmasaftermath everyth blown away 
can't take the heat. get out the kitchen.
howtogetmediaattent 1. be ill2. tell everyon you'r ok 
"""to make soro happy""she' just a puppet. podestaemail "
when I get drunk I sing all the word I want to say in a disney manner (that' true) reasonsmylifeisacartoon
... 
stonedcomicbook G. high joe
igetdepressedwhen summer is gone
stopislam islamkil prayforbamako prayforbrussel
"anthoni weiner couldn't even keep hi dick pic from get viral, what about classifi info he had access to. "
"midnight the girl with the dragon, mulan onewordoffbook"
you could say she' got it all summer
reasonsiaintinarelationship it' karma .  I never forward those chain messag from mxit .
"obama: ""gun make us less safe""whi are so mani around u? "
"I shot JF kennedy, but I did not shoot hi deputi conspiracysong midnight"
donald trump just pull the best prank ever on hillari clinton in florida yesterday!  
thi trump supporter' truck wa set on fire while he wa fish with hi littl son. So much for freedom of speec… 
"turkey call on us, alli to reconsid syria no-fli zone "
i'm grate she' still here ????????????????momin5word
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america banislam islam muslim border refugeecrisi 
it’ a piti that rand paul deni particip gopdebatesc gopdebatesc
the moonshin redneckamovi midnight
dumbgeniewish pleas enlarg my wife 
pleas join pjnet team (at ). your tweet never sleep U reach over 9.4m peopl teaparti tcot
there' a moment in life when you get tire of chase everyon and everything.
hillaryclinton click bait. don't watch!
come with me if you want to live!
and detroit is one of those blue dot on mapthey cheat and still lost
I don't think it' a good idea to feed those who probabl can have some plan to destroy america. teaparti 
life is a voyag that is homeward bound.
trump' 'extrem vetting' is realli noth of the kind: kevin o'brien  polit
yale student wear black to support student at univers of missouri
"when you have elimin all which is impossible, then whatev remains, howev improbable, must be the truth"
iron defici stamped renamemillionwomenmarch
the latest:  pence: 'cat. kahn is an american hero'  busi
ruinadinnerinonephras are we go to have sex after we'r done with the food?
"clinton, trump pois for histor debat battl  polit"
hillari said all these lead to her candidacy.but trump2016 is the racist.li liberals! 
"reallifemagicspel ""I love you"" - first make you happy, than you get back to normal "
offendeveryonein4words. pineappl belong on pizza.
"putin decri 'shock tactics' of clinton, trump campaign  polit"
trump grant interview to russia-back TV network 
neighbor will alway got your back ;) 
the vancouv diari maketvshowscanadian
"mr. president, whi don't these black live matter for you?louisiana "
"jeb' advis told him trump can't win the nomination. now she say 'trump can't be president'she' wa wrong once, she is thi time again."
for sure. it' that hillari isn't one of them 😂are there girl who were born to get imprisoned?… 
trump should ask her to lift her hair and prove she isn't be fed answer in the presidenti debates. 
everyon can 
fat shamer mustbeban
"killari is even wors than obama! stop her, sign the petition! imnotwithh  "
wa a good decis to make let all those refuhe in? islamkil stopislam
coward cop shot innocnet ricardodiazzeferino becaus he scare them by remov hi hat. policebrut acab https:…
"meangirlsrul you don’t just “give” likes, peopl have to deserv them "
what is offens to you? 
"topnew first republican lawmak break with party, back democrat clinton"
what' next? curs in obama' name is go to be banned? 
meangirlsrul bae must love your everi present 
state agenc and univers look at anoth 5 percent cut  news
lil juda and the priest side boys. halleluyeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh makemusicreligi
sometim you gotta give 'em some time to let 'em think
"""when they bring the fear we bring the courage"".  --congressman keith ellisoni it courage? "
"No matter how much you feed the wolf, he keep look at the forest."
sheriff david clarke: ‘the best thing about the obama presid right now Is that it’ come to an end’ 
MT drscott_atlanta: rememb when brat defeat cantor? benedict arnold ryan is next.  wakeupamerica pjnet
noel_t10 hahaha
"celebr who support thi msm narr don't realiz they push young peopl to break the law and ""fight"" imagin… "
liber univers build “black only” live space to promot “scholarship”  tcot
breaking: trump can’t believ it! He just got the new that’ll win him the election..  
sweden is becom one big no-go zone. that' what happen when spineless excus for leader welcom refugees… 
"addsethimproveanyth - 2-in the pink, 1-in the seth"
life is like a roller coaster. there' ups. then there' down. there might even be twists.
piec of shit mybedroomin3word
the black outs.midnight  drunkband
hillari doesn't rememb how she wa in favor of muslim profiling.. 
"If you’ll do what you know to do today, god will help you get to where you need to be tomorrow."
the onli sport where they have advert under the car. :D 
bombasticsigma hillaryclinton sensand and her own welfar
"you, people, are truli amazing. "
congrat barackobama. U manag to do someth good 4 america after all...u creat a strongest republican party… 
thanksobama for show me what black supremaci look like
"don't fear change. you may lose someth good, but you may also gain someth great."
rehearsedapathi trump fuck malia obama? woooow
2017survivaltip robot can rise ani time
In ancient time cat were worship as god
freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej it' about white peopl - your word
prais make good men better and bad men wors
humoritarian fair enough
peopl vote for hillaryclinton becaus of her accomplishments..what?! can somebodi name at least one? neverhillari 
3 dog night renamemillionwomenmarch 
vineland mayor fail to collect enough petit to run for re-elect 
"with that ""attire"" hillari clinton look like leav a hospital, which can be true. hillaryshealth "
hillari is the direct result of america patron a dement irrat lunatic! jebwecan bush2016
wanna Be savin' someth  makemusicreligi
steinhausernh1 feb2 eve what kind of TV new are you? your polit 1st page ha NO trace of the winner of the iowa caucus tedcruz tcot
“rnc use My littl poni to justifi melania trump' speech”  melaniatrump  
friday the 13th warrior. midnight addamovieruinamovi
the nighti duck oneletteroffsport midnight
you don't need ani rule ! follow what your dad will tell you to do! lol  rulesforeverydayliv
i’m sure that donald trump is the winner of presidenti elect
arizona best soft drink ever! perfectstatein5word
privileg and stupid 
I think hillaryshealth gave new mean to her campaign slogan..debates2016 
alien3 golic: In an insan world... movi moviequot quot quot paulmcgann
never seen a singl case of a tiger explod 
weight loss ebook   patriot missamerica wwebacklash robandchyna thetroublewithaddict 
amen! 
trump tell netanyahu he would recogn jerusalem as israel' capit  world news
ihavearighttoknow if an exorc in the capitol rotunda will cure congress.
don't facetim me or ask for a selfi after 8pm. you know damn well i alreadi shower and won't stop look like a hamster till 8am
kluber exit indians' loss with cramp: start pitcher corey kluber exit the cleveland ...  cleveland sport
we don't need you cop 
ben carson  probabl  want boot on the ground to fight terror
mumbl
"martin luther king Jr be attack as he march nonviol for the chicago freedom movement, 1966blackhistori "
sexyhorror pet sematari
schönen guten morgen mein lieben! da bin ich beim frühstück 😅 
rulesforwomensmarch girl with small boob aren't allowed!
can`t accept my appearance! can do noth with it! awful!
"huge crowd came for mike penc and ted cruz in kalamazoo, michigan.. "
itsriskyto talk on the phone while in restroom 
"for obama, a swan song on global stage in final UN speech "
ta-dam! 
"fbi director comey: “base on our review, we have not chang our conclus that we express in juli with respec… "
2monthstillxmasand i'm alreadi disappoint 
A seri of unfortun black tie event  addabandtoatvshow
watch: libertytarian confront d.o.e from state depart of TX on riggedelect
imagin media' reaction if trump campaign manag said that👇neverhillari 
"hillari clinton leav 9/11 ceremoni after feel overheated, media report "
omg stop it! baltimorevsrac
someth is extrem wrong here... 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari the blackjack dealer in vega
buffi the brush fire slayer maketvshowscanadian midnight
video : clinton donor who attack black voter dodg question from press  
".ericbolling: ""a always, pleas rememb those who keep us safe: our hero in the militari and our hero in blu… "
I hate thi pictur but it' real 
how the trump and clinton tax plan would affect american  news
how is it possibl nowaday for one of the most affluenti politician allow herself such statements?i wonder if… 
"the fact you’ll never have your birthday as a presid is realli a great reason to celebrate, Mr obama! happy55th "
"report: alabama police, DA have frame as mani as 1,000 innoc black men for drugs, gun for years, mani still in… "
wmartin46 thehil jeb want to becom the presid so hard he would say anyth even total nonsens
worstpaineverin3word just bad time
the war is here! thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency.. 
trump will be a great presid for all americans! 
"""clinton' failur to rememb anyth is not a qualiti you want to see in a president""- ben carsonhillarysmemori "
my4wordnewyearsresolut make america great again! 
what the hell? A crimin tri to rob the rooseveltfieldmal and it’ somehow connect with 2a? crazi gardencityshoot
seahawk' mascot destroy 49er fan' ankl 😂😳 gopackgo 
thingspeopleontwitterlik is way to long to list in just 140 characters...
letter from georg H. W . bush to bill clinton goe viral 
looool 😂☺️ 
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.  – eleanor roosevelt
sometimestwittermakesm facebook. :/
thetroublewithaddict is similar to the troubl with domest abuse: you can't escap it co friend will blame you for staying.
the lewinski adventur of billi clinton
water in aberdeen is poison with phosphoru wast  phosphorusdisast
legend of the hidden alter boy midnight  problematickidsshow
"genisister,sist addabandtoatvshow"
life lesson everyon learn the hard way: the worst thing can happen to the best peopl for no ...
happi birthday k-pop king! happytaeminday
thingsthatdisturbm whi peopl alway want to eat your food?
"ikea recal 27 million chests, dresser after two deaths: safeti agenc say chest can tip ... …"
agree! bluelivesmatt 
 can`t tear my eye off it!
lastminutegifts2016 still look 
A miss univers insult by trump step up for clinton 
69 minut maketvsexi
redneckamovi banjo inchain midnight
most of gulf arab leader don’t share obama’ point on iran deal gulfstatestalk
"too mani peopl spend money they haven't earned, to buy thing they don't want, to impress peopl they don't like. iamonfir"
wtf the mp4 is a true flamethrower!! 
watch: blacklivesmatt support interrupt a moment of silenc for fallen polic officers!😡😡 
it' amaz how you can fall in love with a person you didn't notic the first time you met them.
"obama: I am the populist, not donald trump.al I hear is IF IF IF IF IF IF IF iftrump2016 makeamericagreatagain "
christi blast republican who have yet to support trump 
thanksobama healthcar level is below zero
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari blackliv matter movement. At least they state their true intet when say kill all whiti
We can’t let anoth democrat win thi presid – godless clinton will ban our faith. 
electionday electionnight elections2016 draintheswamp neverhillari makeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump https:/… trumpforpresid
trumpbecaus I wonder how mani liber regret vote for obama. makeamericagreatagain 🐮🌵💀
radic leftist pepper spray an elderli trump voterthat' awful! 
here’ what hillari clinton told the travel press corp aboard her campaign plane  polit
colbyst1 politweec so do I!
indian break out long ball at royals: the cleveland indian broke out the bat in a big w...  cleveland sport
shite club onewordoffbook  midnight
hillaryclinton Is it call steadiness? 
islamkil pray for the victim prayforbrussel prayforthevictim sad shock attack belgium zaventem 2203 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
wir machen schluss mit neuen schulden merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
No wonder if these negoti turn to a brawl gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
"david webb: ""we have seen failur by the so-cal promis by the dem to the black community."" trumpindetroit "
otherthingstodoin6second clean the lint out of my navel
realdonaldtrump crroke hillari just get money not give
betteralternativetodeb unicorn zombi apocalyps
donald trump: democrat do noth for african-american or hispan communities. 
"watch: senate' top democrat call trump a 'leech,' 'con man' and 'spoil brat'"
"As debat near, is clinton top trump in new poll?"
i'm pretti sure we should not let thi happen to america! that' the exact reason whi we need trump2016 so badly! 
trump tri to capit as clinton regret `deplorables' comment  polit
"nayaknomi these are not proofs. Be more specific. bring facts, you know what it is right? whi am I a terrorist? A white supremacist, etc.?"
"« they do certainli give veri strange, and newfangled, name to diseases. » plato"
never forget and never forgive! pearlharbor pearlharborremembranceday 
thefirst100daystodolist buy a king size bed to the white hous
hillari clinton' pneumonia diagnosi fuel health question 
the cost of college: the troubl with hillari clinton’ fre...  |  
donald trump' end wa perfect!!rt if you are also sure that trumpwon! debat 
sanbernardino mass shooting. We need gun  prayers4california
fair go (2014)  A pregger copper suss out homicid after a dodgi car salesman hire 2 crim to kidnap hi missu  maketvshowsaustralian
"MT drakewtravis: In him is life, the light of all mankind! ccot  renewu pjnet"
larsenc-schelfeis: 175 kilomet langer eisberg abgebrochen. riesig eisberg... bringt mehr whiskey oder mojito! 😂
fbi releas doc show a state dept exec want chang to email classif that would shield hillari clinto… 
how rudi giuliani Is out-trump trump  polit
"stopislam islamkil ""mayb some terrorist are in the refuge group. but not all refuge are terrorists"" but some is enough"
"endors clinton, mark cuban call trump a 'jagoff': billionair sport and TV mogul mark cuban formal end... "
iamthankfulfor dank meme
"'whi would you want to ""use"" my dad?': erica garner slam clinton camp over wikileak emails… "
"I believ we, americans, are smart enough to make a right choice.teapartynew "
"""we want to get our peopl off of welfar and back to work."" ~ potu "
RT if you stand with sheriff clarke! take 1 sec but will show your support which is import for him! milwauke 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a 9/11 documentari made by brian william and steve rannazzisi
most crimin district should be gun free zone! nogunsforcrimin
dispar crise distract from obama bid to sign off on asia shift  world news
"don't know what to say, cuz noth to say"
‘secret’ email john kerri sent To hillari wa also sent from non-offici account…  weaselzipp rednationris
hillari rotten clinton. imagin obama but hundr time worse. corrupt killary. demsinphilli 
I know all the lyric to gangsta' paradis whyimgangsta
clinton tri to blunt fallout from not disclos pneumonia  news
life without the courag for death is slavery.
monday night fishbal fishtv
"ruinadinnerinonephras wait, i'm gonna tweet about this!"
A man without ambit is like a beauti worm
"solang merkel  unser kanzlerin ist, wird die EU fähig sein, die problem gemeinsam zu lösen. merkelmussbleiben"
anti-trump billboard call candid 'afraid' in arab 
"As bad as it was, as bad as it hurt, I thank god I didn't get what I thought that I deserved."
01.20.2017 😊😊😊😊😊 emojiaweekend
reallifemagicspel 'pleas rt' - guarante zero retweet on your tweet
husband' pass out mybedroomin3word 
I do it becaus I can. I can becaus I want to. I want to becaus you said I couldn't.
“I don’t think hillari ha a soul. I hope it haunt her.” - former ranger kri “tanto” paronto benghazi survivor 
angri white texa student storm out of class after teacher say human emerg from africa 
rememb they laugh at us when we said trump would win..now i'm laugh at them. 
amen! 
2ndamendmentday No free man shall ever be debar the use of arm
true and must see video! 
hillarygropedm when I wa onli five. after that she told I enjoy fantas about older women and succesfully… 
iamonfir the onli workout you'll ever regret is the one you didn't do.
christmasaftermath no talk about polit at christma tabl
patriotblak I share your pointif she is elect it'll be the biggest mistak ever
the video doesn’t lie…  tcot
"realdonaldtrump ""a mutt"" "
derayformayor ✊🏿 
trump on khizr kahn' speech: 'i'd like to hear hi wife say something'  polit
and hillari isn't a criminal. In liber world she' a presidenti candid hillaryforprison 
"A polic offic comfort A boy have A bad day At school.""h start To cri So I wipe hi tear and told him it… "
hillaryclinton In a normal elect hillari won't even be a candid
thingspeopleontwitterlik stuff....
meangirlsrul on wednesday we wear awkward pantsuit 
todolistbeforechristma I need wine befor make ani to-do list 
trump say clinton creat e-mail server with ‘pre-medication’  polit
ispreadcheerbi my twitter
"lipps_m samuelljackson zakeyamasada uniquelov kokopelli realdlhughley realdonaldtrump ""gump"" "
"poll in new hampshir show clinton 47%, trump 32%, wbur say "
secondhandgift a diet book your bitch-ass cowork present you last year
... 
"guys, realli stahp!! oscar is not about color of the skin!! oscarhasnocolor"
never care for what the know. but i know 
sport is the toy depart of life. -jimmi cannon
todolistbeforechristma get festiv headband to wear to work everyday the week befor christmas.. pediatrician can get away with thi
"If you have accomplish all that you have plan for yourself, you have not plan enough."
horton hear a whore onewordoffbook midnight
dem want to take our right and give them to the refuge so that they vote for them vegasgopdeb
I don't even know anymore.
"no, dear cnn polit commentator, your word and action help fuel thi "
"it' not about fulfil a ""quota"" of black nominees, the oscar are intend to be award base on merit oscarhasnocolor"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A condom made in china
when I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole.
'she should not Be run for president': flynn call for hillari to drop out | fox new insid
thanksobama obama ha been at war hi entir term. obama drop over 24k bomb on multipl countries. the world i… 
gop realdonaldtrump savag thug 
shoulda came back and spent my holiday money on stripper but luckili i'm a righteou man like malcolm X inmemoryofmalcolmx
"huge crowd at trump / penc ralli tonit in manchester, NH trumppence16 maga  trumpforpresid"
freedomofspeech stop when protestor violat the freedom of speech of other nocybercensorship
kenya feel the love tonight midnight conspiracysong
hillaryclinton rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see hillary' medic records! 
facebook co-found pledg $20 million to defeat trump  polit
".giannocaldwell: ""black live don't matter to hillaryclinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton."" "
mass shootings: reagan = 11 bush sr. = 12 clinton = 23 bush jr. = 16 obama = 165baltimore… 
karenparker93 michellearri absolutely!
nocybercensorship keep silenc and you won’t have ani chang in your country.
not everyon that look good to you is good for you.
"flintwatercrisi report for octob 9, 2016 "
myemmynominationwouldb most confus viewer dure season two of true detective.
Do you still believ the media? I don't. it' under government control slaveryofspeech
trump plan detail immigr talk as question remain 
pugz mansion midnight dogsong
"wow, curious! "
whyimgangsta... becaus I own a black fanni pack ..
we are not in europ and we don’t need drug junkieu
"american refus to accept donald trump as president, protest erupt across america"
rejecteddebatetop new tax propos 
with philippin presid after be call ‘son of a bitch’ 
sososo excit for tomorrow trumpforpresid
"""presid obama is like a tenant who ha been evict from a property, and he' go to trash the place on the wa… "
"realdonaldtrump hillari spend $500k a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless ve… "
thingsyoucantignor   your wife....sh alway knows. 
paul ryan is a coward. you cannot agre with all but you must protect US constitution! keep hrc out of DC ! 
"If you plan on be anyth less than you are capabl of being, you will probabl be unhappi all the day of your life."
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari the main stream media
topnew man arrest for defac trump' walk of fame star in lo angel
obama soll von russland trump-unterstützungsplänen gewusst haben. und warum hat er lang geschwiegen?🤔
that' how hillari will start debatenight debates2016 
pretti much thi my2017resolut 
"trump humili former miss univers jennif hawkins, she says: ""donald and hi famili I have to say, have alway… "
A black man’ come of age in the age of obama  | 
trump campaign insist again melania' speech not plagiarized: T  cleveland polit
"vaccinateu govern is tryin' to control us, not"
"mistak are alway forgivable, if one ha the courag to admit them."
"you'v got no one to blame for your unhappiness, you got yourself into your own mess."
magicbutr blackgirlsrock! We are the best! ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿
life is a seri of arriv and departures.
emanuel turn down cubs' night game request  
central watch look like a dead horse...
all eye on yee: state senat to take gop convent stage  polit
great shirt! 
thingspeopleontwitterlik beef
A kiss is a love trick design by natur to stop speech when word becom superfluous.
clinton' logic = the absenc of logic. the same we can say about liber logic in general. 
here' what mike penc said at the gop convent  polit
peopl start to wake up! good! 
superoldhero midnight john wicker cane
jwaxsom that is just insane...
thingspeopleontwitterlik all thing funny!
ohn einwander geht wohlstand verloren. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
watch live: last day of the dnc  news
DC resid begin earli vote for novemb elect 
you gave berni $220m to fight the establishmenth endors establishmentfeelthebern 
"while dwyan wade react to cousin’ death, donald trump politic tragedi  break"
"So if we are bigger than unit kingdom, whi not take advantag of it and becom an independ country? "
We natur have self-interest but it should be wise rather than foolish self-interest by take other need into account as well as ours.
2016in4word count day until 2017 
"трамп утверждает, что нелегалы наводняют страну дабы повлиять на результаты выборов "
the current govern is anti-americanwakeupamerica trump2016 
clinton chair podesta say fbi investig hack of hi gmail  polit
mybedroomin3word I never sleep
tcot tlot teaparti friscoteaparti marklevinshow more destruct of the countri from within?  megynkelli
whi the hell did you break that mountain' back? inquisitivemovi
what ted cruz see as a yuge victori in iowa is realli insignificant. thi is why....   trump2016 tcot ccot
race had everyth to do with the u.s. military' secret chemic experiments. 
My two canadad maketvshowscanadian midnight
"texas, other state to ask judg to halt obama transgend ...  |  "
what' the hell? 300000 homeless vet wander aimlessli throughout the country! why!?!?! teaparti 
obama say syrian refuge are no bigger threat to u.s. than 'tourists' - really?? really?? idiocy!! islamkil stopislam
rhonda arousey midnight oneletteroffsport
monsanto donat $1m - $5m to clinton foundation!  spread it so lib know! 
"""noth donald trump said got four peopl kill in benghazi."" ~ curt schill "
trump lag in everi state where he ha a golf cours  news |  
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm i'm proud of you.
watch: here is a typic blacklivesmatt protester:  'I hope I kill all white babes!'batonroug 
mcclellan: reconsid primari elect predict  stloui
my2017biggesthop I hope I won't have to watch horror movi alon 
watch robert De niro unload on donald trump 
"""lord of the firefli"
ohioagainsth trumppence16  rnc2016 cleveland 
give is a lifestyle.
I just can't find anyth I need! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart 
obamalegacyoffailur trump hasn't taken offic yet but peopl are alreadi say he' a better presid than oba… 
💣 attention! former berni supporters! 💣I know you feel cheat and deceived.our fate depend on you.vote… 
I hate malia obama’ friend  | 
It wasn't russian or chines or whichev hackers. It wa idiot who couldn't do their jobdemocratliesmatt 
fasterboard how' your repli even relat to my tweet?
dumberbroadway I can get It for you retail... seven bride for two brothers... .....
not pay attent otherthingstodoin6second
"isn’t it amaz how a person who wa onc just a stranger, suddenli meant the world to you? quot true"
clinton face big challeng in state obama won twice  polit
it' rain amen  makemusicreligi 
my2017biggesthop never wake up to natur wish me death again 
hillari clinton to campaign in cleveland on friday: detail  polit
michel bachmann: god pick trump to be the gop nomine 
one of them is american presid who serv hi countri and hi people. the other one is obamaobamalegaci 
politweec these migrant doesn't care about their lives!
jemalhudso12111: hillaryforpa hillary4prison you belong IN jail trumpisblacklikem trumpforpresid
thingsinventedwhilehigh whatev in god' name thi thing is.... 
oddthingstofindinb odd and not welcom obama 
"god first then the fam, then the hustl and the money, failur ain't in the plan"
"women and cat will do as they please, and men and dog should relax and get use to the idea"
introduc the senior dancers. 👴👵💯 
todolistbeforechristma To sign out twitter
"Of course,  the gop candid should unit and support trump! vegasgopdeb"
"A ""basket of deplorables"" volunt at trump southern california h.q. "
"video from the previou tweet wa taken in london, sorri for misinformationbut i'm still go to leav it here "
polic tri To locat van involv In hit-and-run that injur 69-year-old  …
watch: berni sanders' support say they'r switch side to vote for trump.
republican presidenti nomine donald trump' campaign chairman paul manafort ha resign 
MT jphilman0206: we'r bless to have a candid that' proven he can stand up to washington.  cruzcrew pjnet
"the unhappiest peopl in thi world, are those who care the most about what other peopl think."
"undecided? watch thi video:""hillari is part of the DC elit that ha bankrupt america &amp; got rich off fail pr… "
"topvideo ryan call trump' lewd comment ""a troubl situation"" "
"""I know everyth about you sweety. i'll give you a nice present right befor demsinphilli bye."" "
summeramovi midnight king arthur - legend of the sweat 
myemmynominationwouldb trillest nigga of the year
"""democrat had 8 year to get thing done and they didn't do anything. I vote obama in 2008, but it' time for don… "
god alway give hi best to those who leav the choic with him.  – jim elliot
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"" "
whatihatein5word four word hashtag game ....... pfft
millenni voters' excit wane for 2016 elect  polit
"gotta get a car and my own hous sinc guy want ""established"" women these day reasonsiaintinarelationship"
music help me escap from the realiti I live in 🎧
trump respond to obama: 'he' a terribl president'  polit |  
"know why, and you'll figur out how. intens feel the why, and you'll feel like make it happen. ihq"

from the back of the room i saw you there true love
just look at your mistak as lessons.
preeti girl are scareful! 
over the top gun addamovieruinamovi midnight
"andischeu die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel"
cop in freddiegray case are desper tri to get marilynmosbi off the case.policeviol policebrut http://t…
paulryan’ latest instagram post reveal a major problem with polit representationrac blacklivesmatt 
"""whatiwantforchristmasin4word :"
clinton tri not to get drown out dure gop convent  polit
donnabrazil what is your depart do to protect fish and game in the american fall against phosphoru contamination?!
jame sound great! 
washdconlin what! how he dare
franc is turn into a shithol thank to weak immigr law and EU regulations. We can't allow it here! 
"If you do what you'v alway done, you'll get what you'v alway gotten."
montenegrin elect mar by arrest of serbian group accus of plot attack  news
"when other run out, polic offic walk inthink about it befor start anoth pointless riot blm "
imtoooldfor pokémon Go
i'm still wash my hair cancelplansin5word
"As clinton focus on debate, trump say he'd champion women "
"america: where it' accept to step on our flag, but unaccept to kick illeg out.colinkaepernick "
islamkil the courag of islam brussel belgium thisisislam islamkil muslim islamophobia islam
gescheitert ausreis al grund für attentat 
obama want to be good for everyon but it’ imposs gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
drunkband midnight   b.b. king of beer
"hillari spend $500k a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless vets! "
shame not to be invit to danc
you'r gonna be alright. you'll find amaz friends. you'll live in the uk. you'll be a great journalist. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
sacramento kink oneletteroffsport
howtoloseyourjob tell the boss to get hi own cuppa
realdonaldtrump can't write thi shit...lov watch your life implod 
screw american morefunwithtwo 
"If there' no love in the world,... let' make some 😇"
handkreisel sind auch in hern der große trend de sommer 
"weiter oppositionel richter in venezuela festgenommen. ein gute beispiel, wie linksextremisten macht benutzen "
No mere word onli action! mycampaignslogan
brussel muslim refuge are not welcom in the usa!!! islamkil
both are so damn sexi and hot 
happi birthday traitor! 
"finally, we have a real presid who is not affraid to call islam terror by the right name! No more PC and ce… "
nononof the joker is more trust than her. and seem to be in a better health condit
addabandtoatvshow  john cafferti and the beaver brown band Of brother
evahoegl würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
thi veteran destroy hillari clinton nbcnewsforum and she lie again about email  
"leo is white and still not get oscar, how do you call it? leosowhite? oscarsoleo? oscarhasnocolor oscar "
georg soro lose lot of money bet against the market after trump won 
"reallifemagicspel 'no offense, but' - grant an instant forgiv for ani nasti shit you'r about to say. some think it work thi way"
air forc mom: I felt 'disrespected' by boo at penc ralli  polit
"topvideo obama say ""if"" meet with duterte, drug war will be ""brought up"" "
what it' like date me
tiger last stand: wood shoot 6-under 64 In first round Of wyndham championship
trump campaign deni he' sick after chicago speech 
amolokaleb excus me? where and when did I mention that I support trump?
"thingspeopleontwitterlike.... hashtag games, receiv like and retweet "
even more video evid trump did not mock reporter’ disabl 
clinton’ plan to make public univers tuition f-r-e-e  news
"islamkil how could we have prevent brussel attacks, in your opinion? brussel"
your daili remind that gmo are not evil 
thingsyoucantignor a nice breakfast 
"trump, clinton repres attend brief on transit "
usa usa2016  trump  hillaryclinton  trumppence16  hillary2016  LA usac  nycfc london  nychalloween https:/… trumpforpresid
i'm not as fast i'm not tall but befor I pass I gotta ball  – j.cole
". ikeepwonderingif the past is behind, we learn from it. the futur is ahead, do we prepar for it. the present is here, are you live it."
what the world need is more genius with humility...
US ha lowest budget per veteran among all develop countries!rt if you also think vet should go befor illeg 
 so. much. editing!!!!
somedayidliketose ann coulter get shred on nation tv...again.
thank to him everyon ha a vote today happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
illegalsbusters😂 
danger 4 most of us lie not in set our aim too high
"🚨breaking: cnn ha just releas factual, incontrovert proof that russia hack the elections!"
verantwortlich für da größte massak an der zivilen bevölkerung in afghanistan merkelmussbleiben
islamistheproblem  terribl news come from brussel prayforbrussel
how trump can gut obama' secur polici on day 1  
enough broken heart
"islamistheproblem  RT meppie68  bruxel brussel prayforbrussel ""terror have no religion"" "
I want thi magic blow bubbl stick 
clinton call rnc 'pervers flattering'  news |  
john bel edward will meet with barack obama friday  news
trump campaign plan to open n.j. headquart in parsippani 
"trumpbecaus ""our leader are dummies. they don't know what' go on. it' true, they'r incompetent."" ⚊ realdonaldtrump"
ernst to trump: stop with the name-cal  polit
"sorry, i'm do anyth els cancelplansin5word"
"milwauke riot is anoth result of obama' policies. obama support everi terrorist organization, domest or not "
"the sooner you realiz that it’ never gonna go back to the way it was, the sooner you can move on. quot true"
heath ledger as the joker?!?!thi will suck. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
We will maga no matter what 
"sorry, we'r not sorri makeamericagreatagain "
reasonstoleaveeu european financ are the worst in the world
trump hater vs trump supporters. notic the flags👇 
wow. hadn't thought of it that way but that' exactli what is happening. So true.blacklivesmatt 
protest prepar to flood philadelphia for conventiondemsinphilli 
itsriskyto tell me that I can't do smth
wobbl tang clan. drunkband midnight
"trumpbecaus creat jobs, in america, for american people!"
never let the thing you want make you forget the thing you have. gratitud
sickhillari can't climb a few step &amp; need immedi medic help but hypocrit lib discuss trump' doctor?! wtf? 
"trump say clinton' ""deplorables"" remark is disqualifi "
topnew u.s. court rule nsa can temporarili resum bulk phone data collect
santanaraymond yusefsalaam  realdonaldtrump you'r trash
mustbeban block on twitter
"jarmadillo I didn't want to tell you, but ye"
"it' appropri that the democrat symbol is a jack ass. stubborn, obstin and down right mean "
inkofsquid that' just plain rude
imalwaysokwith nutella.
"good morning, patriots! We all are so lucki to be a part of our nation and culture. god bless america! "
wow! anti-trump protest block highway AT night are shock when one of them get hit by car: 
rememb to let her into your heart.❤
"a_padeo ""no, you!"" hahaha😂"
igetdepressedwhen my wi-fi connect is down
new york time endors ‘tenacious’ clinton for presid  polit
not the beluga
obama: colin kaepernick ‘exercis hi constitut right’ 
".thejuanwilliams: “the democrats, in their desir to have some resurgence, in fact need to listen to white, workin… "
thanksobama for let more drug dealer out on the street to infect and addict our children
you got the touch that i need so much happi
honorforthebrave! thank for your servic nationalpoliceweek last onli a week but no one is complain
realdonaldtrump thank you for bring hope to america!
I feel so far away from the one I wish to hold in my arms.
peter thiel  made power speech!!👏👏👏som of hi great quotes!👇rncincl 
"flashback to 2015: hillari explain how she care handl ""c"" email as sos!pleas RT to expos her lie! "
rural pa. counti key to a trump win  |  
prepar for the kite scene. onewordoffmoviequot midnight 
who let Me out   dogsong midnight
signsyouareamerican you can't fill in the gap 
even uglier in black and white. maga draintheswamp corrupthillari  trumpforpresid
Of cours they were cheer 
i'm so pump for tonight! nationalfreedomday superbowl
"the optimist proclaim that we live in the best of all possibl worlds, the pessimist fear thi is true."
"tennesse cop, a father of three, kill respond to domest violenc call..mi condol to the family! "
congress could get record of fbi' clinton interview over email by thi week. 
biffi the vampir slayer  maketvshowscanadian midnight
16-year-old from compton becom youngest black pilot To fl...  |  
I proudli cancel out fat pig  amyschum 's vote hollywoodelit hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
withoutmymorningcoffe i'm a monster! 
humoritarian the import of lgbt marriag is too exagger
how ungrat can peopl be?! 
"obama' clinton embrac  presid call hillari 'fit' and 'ready,' join speaker in hammer trump:  "
midnight hole digger dogsong
gosh! left-w media are blame 2A after rooseveltshoot … stupid people. gardencityshoot
"donald trump defend roger ailes, cast suspicion on hi accus  polit"
"peopl change, memori don't."
after dncleak more  'democrat for trump' sign appear in america! demexit  dncleak 
stopislam congressman say it' hard to determin if refuge are terrorist islamkil
"gopdeb please, god, let thi honor gentlemen take leadership of our countri vegasgopdeb"
accord to wikileak the msm directli for hillari and presidenti debat moder are basic podesta' advi… 
topnew trump to visit detroit in outreach to black voter
i'm gonna live like tomorrow doesn't exist.
reasonstoprotest you have slept with my mom
"penc support all gop incumb incl. mccain, ayotte: politico  polit"
de fleur sont distribué gratuit aux femm passantes. Le 8 mar est arrivé! journéedelafemmeiwd2017… 
realdonaldtrump yesss we will!!
moeli see trump win as voter favor chang over compet  polit
happybirthdayharrytruman He wa one of the best presid
"oh, irony.. "
allenwest the faster the better
spirit cooking: explain  putem korisnika youtub disgust hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
lindasuhl pleas help us to spread the word!
dr. carson: the chines &amp; russian have hillary' email &amp; would probabl blackmail her.. 
"with trump in trouble, obama’ focu in nevada is on a close senat race  polit"
icantbeurfriendbecaus i'm fast as fuck booooi
propaganda is everywher 
he-man and the master of the chip-n-dal thundercat problematickidsshow midnight
offendeveryonein4word the quran is evil
polic in search of peopl who place the banner of the russian presid vladimir putin on manhattan bridg
realdonaldtrump It wa a veri highenergi rally! thank you! can't wait to see you in the wh!
underwear-clad man torch trump sign  news
get kill for new jordans!
foke hillari clinton score decis win against donald trump in first snap poll  foke
maketvsexi steadi consist strokes.
how mani must die in gun free zone befor we learn?:  2A tcot teaparti rednationris pjnet shutdown
genuinebeautyi 
let us celebr the nationalfreedomday 150th anniversary!
"deep into darkness, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dream dream no mortal ever dare dream before. – edgar allen poe"
hillari ha no religion she' evil. cathol you better open your eye crookedhillari will destroy us… 
strip  otherthingstodoin6second
thingspeopleontwitterlik non judgement people. accept for who they are.
sever member of trump’ agricultur committe have support legal statu for undocu worker  polit
"don't you understand, tink? you mean more to me than anyth in thi whole world. –peter pan"
"sever mounth ago it happen in texas, shame on secur isisingarland"
the stray to cat a predat addabandtoatvshow
... 
robertdaviolsen Go trump maga hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
let europ keep there refuge american ha enough of it own islamkil brussel
"похороны детей, погибших при обстреле боевиками школы в сирийском городе даръа "
may I have a bite? makemehateyouinonephras
"hey, fat alberta"
"briton in trump gun incid could die in u.s. prison, mother say  world news"
"survivalguidetothanksgiv hulu, netflix, amazon We ignor them all year round with electronics, thanksgiv is no execption!"
thi is how the system work for illeg here. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
henrico senat on trump' african-american outreach: 'we'r not stupid' 
topnew republican parti chief anger by trump' refus to back hous speaker
better to ask the way than to go astray
2017survivaltip never talk of 2016: you'll attract bad luck
"electionfinalthought I wa a randlet fan at first, now i'm vote trump becaus I want hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
trump respond to obama: 'he' a terribl president'  polit |  
donald trump to hold ralli in delco on thursday 
reasonsiaintinarelationship I found jesu
 I realli need thi one!
 vote dumptrump hillaryforprison2016 good luck electionday americadecid trumpforpresid
better to have it and not need it then to need it and not have it 2A guns4ni
"I set my clock back on saturday, now let' take our countri back tomorrow!! trumptrain hillaryforprison2016  maga trumpforpresid"
6 polici trump should pursu to block putin in ukrain  
Ni more justic in our state iamwalt wakeupamerica
cuomo: chelsea explos not link to intern terror 
« the onli wealth which you will keep forev is the wealth you have given away. » marcu aureliu
"analysis: clinton, trump tax plan are ""mirror images"" "
flüchtling'samt verfehlt sein ziele. und verstehen sie da nur jetzt?! flüchtlingskris 
like a bridg over fluorid water  conspiracysong
doubl tap if that man got hops! 
happi memorialdayweekend! thank you for your servic inhonorof
don’t shoot! 
'the nation which forget it defend will itself be forgotten'~ calvin coolidg 
humoritarian he need a monocl for better camouflag
trump super pac strategist say there is an ‘otherness’ to obama  polit
michael gerson: iran thumb it nose at US
racism is dead thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
demdeb one top secret document in hillary' person e-mail constitut an indictment. where is the indict demdebatemiami
thingstobeashamedof: have  repshimku as a rep. I bet he hate sausag too. jack jarman
imalwaysokwith put lime in the coconut and drink them both up
trump stand up for backer even as ralli scuffl break out 
hillari clinton and the democrat parti just had their best fundrais month yet by far  polit
"merkel garantiert uns, dass wir in der EU freie grenzen haben merkelmussbleiben"
"the simpl thing are also the most extraordinari things, and onli the wise can see them"
"18,000 support donald trump in michigan! i'v never seen anyth like this! cernovich  makeamericagreatagain https:… trumpforpresid"
hope is believ your time will come even though today isn't go so well.
usa is independ mycampaignslogan
giftideasforpolitician a date with bill cosbi
maketvsexi hawaii 5-blow
whatiwantforchristmasin4word briefcas full of cash
midnight run d.m.c:drive robothiphop
ander breivik villain? ....hero?offendeveryonein4word
what normal peopl see: trump work hard to unit the black community. what liber see: conway is sit on… 
it' tough &amp; disgust video to watch! but I will keep tweet about muslim kill dogs!!  nationaldogday 
thi is it. grab your neighbor 
"dear liberals, can you do anyth els except be crybabi everi time someth goe the way you don't like it?"
happybirthdaygeorgewashington He establish the usa feder judiciari 
chicago activist protest at gop convent  chicago
donald trump hope to reviv campaign after a week of 'self-sabotage' 
day befor the elect media call it a veri close race! RT to paint america red just like in 1980! 
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
rentenplän der spd kosten rund 650 milliarden euro. wem wollen sozialisten jetzt rauben?
"juan hernandez: ""trump' not against the mexican ppl. he' against the illeg immigration""trumpaz trumpenmexico "
doe donald trump want to also curb legal immigration?
thanksobama for final leav the office! 
"hillaryclinton wow, twist hi joke for an ad. that' powerful. I bet mani voter will switch for you now."
coldwar20_en 😢
their first state dinner vs their final state dinner. He still look at her the same. potu michelleobama… 
"iamonfir thank you lord for give me my abilities, my talents. all glori IS yours."
"trumpbecaus let' face it. not onli is trump more compet as a candidate, he ha charisma too. 🌻🌺🌻"
dnc live: obama say expert cite russian in dnc hack  polit
break bombshel : multipl report tie clinton’ podesta brother to child abduct case of madelin mccann… 
fiirtationship _nicolllemariex me too! I alreadi have most of my decor out
trump hater vs trump supporters. notic the flags👇 
I can’t handl it 
susan cooper: you write out of your subconsci hauntings. | writingtip write amwrit iamonfir
polic receiv a warm welcom as they arriv at rncincl 
imvotingbecaus trumpforpresid 
trump target wide-rang voter in campaign stop  polit
obama: consequ if china violat rule  polit |  
ohn merkel wird es kein gute verhältniss zwischen deutschland und china geben. merkelmussbleiben
I love attention. If I see a gang of girl ? that make me danc even more!  – chri brown
trumpwinsbecaus 43.1m american are live in poverti
bestfriend breakup are worst than relationship breakup 😂
„kein unterstützung“ - polizei dementiert bundeswehr-einsatz  g20 g20hh17 g20hh2017 g20summit hamburg
gop leaders: white unawar of challeng face black amer...  |  
don't bother apolog if you'r just go to continu do the thing you said sorri for.
millionstudentmarch 
charliecalley63 It won't be said about your tweet
superduperhoopr that' kinda racist
washingtonpost thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
"oh, that I had wing like a dove!"
and what about that russia-is-in-charg conspiraci now? who are they go to blame now? 
".realdonaldtrump: ""it'll be a win for the voters, not the pundits, not the journalists, not the global lobbyists."" "
the fastest way to find someth you'v lost is to replac it.
christmasaftermath tri spread christma spirit
david duke and hi pal love trump' immigr speech  |  
the lyin' kin dumberbroadway
I mustbeban
"flip phone matter, but that 160-charact limit? sucks. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
then hi peni fell off. makesexawkwardin5word
"next US presid will be realdonaldtrump ,predict chennai’ chanakya, the fish from india maga election2016 http… trumpforpresid"
clinton ralli at west philli high  |  
hillari clinton blast donald trump’ ‘strongman approach’ after sex-tap remark  
turn your wound into wisdom
donald trump is the best choic for america. We tire of corrupt politician trumpindetroit  hillary4prison 
thingstoknowabouttwitt it' one of the best social media site I use.
"ha, the dog protect her mummi "
"ann coulter: ""if hillari wins, she will amnesti 30+ million illeg alien &amp; rep will never win elect again...""… "
clinton maintain lead in latest times-picayune/lucid presidenti poll  polit
dream last so long even after you'r gone
AZ 'dreamer' ha a role at the dnc  polit
the terrorist who ha kill russian ambassador in turkeythat' how all terrorist should look likeallahu akbar! 
just in: kasim reed also to have speak role at dnc 2016  |  
secondhandgift my ex-wif   -you'r  welcom
putin dismiss accus of meddl in u.s. elect  news
children of the campaign trail  
thank deblasio for anoth shooting… 2A rooseveltshoot gardencityshoot
"after turmoil, sanders, mrs. obama, warren thrill convent  |  "
welcom back otter fishtv midnight
ferri bueller' day offs!   filmsaboutforgettingyourp
and it seem like obama know it too...teapartynew theteaparti 
jess jackson: donald trump Is the republican party’ face  polit
"topnew melania trump sue daili mail, blogger over 'defamatory' stori"
votelif hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid trumpforpresid
iamonfir challeng the mean of life is the truest express of the state of be human. -viktor E. frankl life

"action speak louder than words. We can apolog over and over, but if our action don't change, the word becom meaningless."
thanksobama for be such a great presid and a true leader. I would say that if we were in a parallel univers
thi is too much fun. congrat guy 
the world is fu* crazy! 
obama reject trump depict of US in crisi  news
hillari clinton vote with senat gop to invad iraq  election2016 imnotwithh
breaking🚨t cruz offici endors trump! 
lawmak to hold meet to discuss upcom elect 
‘rigged’ elect talk didn’t start with trump  polit
charliecalley63 sure
"clinton' speech, trump' reaction: our 5 craziest moment of day 4 of dnc  polit"
everyth is simple. make a good movie. oscarhasnocolor oscar 
the 7 craziest moment from day 2 at the rnc  polit
whatiwantforchristmasin4word 1D off their hiatu
nachdem brexit wird merkel frankfurt stärker machen! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
when peopl say iowa doesn't pick winner remind them that the last 2 presid won iowacaucus: gwb
imagin a world without islam..👇 
crookedhillari tri to blame trump for be a ‘kremlin agent’ when timkain actual had tie to commi 
humoritarian he did good job
michigan cop suspend after drive with confeder flag at an anti-trump protestpolicebrut btp 
A mug lastminutegifts2016
"peter_theisen sehr geehrter theisen,würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
"If it is worth doing, it is worth overdoing."
mikey_donovan_ you'd better stay at home today
when you lost my trust. you also lost me.
brussel whi do you think all those refuge in europ left their homelands? terrorism. islamkil
"respect time spent with family, you don't know how long they will be with you.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
hacker 'guccif 2.0' releas more dnc doc — includ tim kaine' cell number  polit
'trust is broken' - franc condemn US over spi reports. G6 come soon? 
scrutini of hillari clinton’ health put new focu on ti...  news |  
"It wa so bad, but I actual laugh"
our thought and prayers4california
rulesforeverydayliv never tri to adult without be caffein 
the amount of time it will take trump to mess someth up. otherthingstodoin6second
outrageous! A “peac protest” at  sdtrumpral featur sever thug stand on the american flag! 
could a couch potato hack the dnc?  polit 
"history, made! hillari clinton accept nomin  polit"
"screamymonkey crash all over the world, anough"
"'in thi election, we cannot sit back and hope that everyth work out for the best,' true words, michel obama "
"""clinton is the most corrupt major parti candid in history."" ~ newt gingrich "
hillaryclinton reveal america' nuclear respons time dure the debat 
"topnew trump' wife file suit against blogger, daili mail over 'escort' report"
"hillari clinton' campaign dismiss health concerns, demand donald trump' medic records: polit...  polit"
"jill stein: ""how much more evid doe govern need to press charg against hillari clinton?"" "
trump claim ohio and florida as path to presid widen  
mydayoffin3word make america great potu 
my2017resolut not to forget my resolut
tofeelbetteri don't pay attent to stupid tweet 
Go cruz!  gopdebatesc
"herridge: ""one of secy. clinton' most trust lieutenants, patrick kennedy, want a backroom deal w/ fbi over cl… "
it’ impossible! texasjihad
trumpbecaus he is the last hope for american democracy. I have my passport and my money set asid to flee the if hillaryclinton win 🌞
"2ndamendmentday  A murder alway think it wa an accident, he says, as if a religi episod had pass over him"
"islamkil sad, sad news - our thought are with brussel thi morn prayforbrussel "
« success in the major of circumst depend on know how long it take to succeed. » montesquieu
rudi giuliani give hillari clinton (some) prais for 9/11 respons
sometimestwittermakesm Do hashtag game to take a break from bust people' ball so much. ye they  actual put that in my contract.
wrinkl wrinkl littl starch.  retireasongorband
"did you know, i'd be the one to let you go?"
giuliani’ tie to foreign entiti could be a problem  
cnn cancel ‘dr. drew’ after hillaryclinton claim 
"donald trump: you hillari clinton should apolog for the 33,000 email that you deleted.deb"
MT karrattipaul: thi standard made america great!!! rais the standard christians! ccot  renewu pjnet
but scienc is racist and is a privileg of white people. liber reject and label everyth they don't like.… 
now it' time to unifi and makeamericagreatagain!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸t cruz final realis it! hillari ha no chances. 
taylor swift endors trump! trumpwinsbecaus  trumpforpresid
icantbeurfriendbecaus you shadi af
that moment when you can actual feel the pain in your chest from hear someth or see someth that break your heart.
obama not just failur he' a traitor. He should'v been impeach long ago teapartynew teaparti patriot 
game of horn cowtv midnight
obama ask u.s. insur for help enrol the young and healthi  health
trumpbecaus usa realli need such leader
trump accus clinton of ‘effect propos to abolish the borders.’ but she ha vow to ‘prot...  polit
jugendmitmerkel tagderjugend ohn merkel gäbe es schon kein EU  worldelephantday
"joanjob rincewindcat Jo ho dic completa en el mateix sentit. hillaryforprison2016 és el mal major, de lluny. trumpforpresid"
To drink more wine my2017resolut 
aveng seventh heaven.  addabandtoatvshow
"rememb that wherev your heart is, there you will find your treasure."
Oh shit. I total forgot about this. watch: michel obama slam hillari
unlik media figur in 2016 elect  
it' alway sunfish in philadelphia midnight fishtv
unfortun they'll continu to complain and get offended. As if it can surpris someone. 
"If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun. - katharin hepburn quot true"
presid obama visit louisiana flood zone as offici talk feder aid 
fbi publish note on clinton' use of privat email  stloui
nightbreed richmovi midnight
"good news, everybody! let’ see how effici it’ gonna be. staywok nevertheless!"
islamkil the analog doe not hold. some refuge are terrorists. the onli real debat is about the probabilities. stopislam
gute nacht und süße träume mein lieben! 
"beauti ""deplorable"" alway look so angry..basketofdeplor "
nocountryforoldmen edtombell: the crime...movi quot quot tommyleejon coenbroth
fergusonrememb the smoke shall rise and the ash will fall...
.snowden wa right nocybercensorship
amen 
trumpbecaus trump ha balls. trump person IS america. trumpforpresid
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!""… "
secondhandgift secondhand smoke
"missouri deleg to gop convent tri to move past discord, one selfi at a time  stloui"
what a wonder day!
china ratifi climat chang accord ahead of obama meet  polit
"when I get down on my knees, it is not to pray"

michael jordan break silenc On polic violenc against black 
If you are sure guncontrol will work see what obama did to our economi and healthcare. guns4ni
shook_stephani madonna can suck it
have you heard ‘disast feat. storm smith (demo)’ by lonekodiak on soundcloud? np  earthdaysong
trump retreat from vow to deport all live in US illeg 
thingsyoucantignor the aggress itch in your pants.
"white power activist stab couple, plan to kill more black at trump' ralli "
gopdeb SC NV scprimari  trump IS A democrat lobbyist! establishment-insider! clinton reid pelosi rahm schumer donor!  cruz 2A US
Go usa  riggedelect riggedsystem  imwithh spiritcook  trumpforpresid
"hillari clinton: ""it' time for the unit state to start think of iraq as a busi opportunity"" "
retweet if you also think it doesn't look presidenti to faint at 9/11 memori ceremony!hillaryshealth 
"thingspeopleontwitterlik cats, lot of cat"
"An artist' illustr of media' racial bias.blacklivesmatt (""thug"") vs. oregon arm takeov (""protester""). "
"thingshillarygoogl what is ""pay for play""? "
"the lion, the witch, and the bathrob onewordoffbook midnight"
the part of colin kaepernick' speech the media will never show you...kaepernick 
retireasongorband you'r 65 you'r beauti and you'r mine
it just might blow your top
extrem loud and incred flatul
she is a common teen: sasha obama got A summer job 
"overheardatthewishingwel well, pleas give me a big johnson...wish granted! dammit. "
thank for the game! you'r awesome! ❤️
michael che
five minut to go!
myemmynominationwouldb best propos ever
igetexcitedwhen I tri to make a new hashtag to counter igetdepressedwhen  !
kristenstewart is anoth entitl hollywood star who' peddl anti-trump hysteria. stop misguid young americ… 
ich setz mein hoffnung auf merkel merkelmussbleiben
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A suit made of raw meat in a grizzli bear preserv
 the talent just doesn't stop
donald trump: hillari clinton talk tougher about my support than she doe about islam terroriststrumpacandi 
kid pose as black legends. cute &amp; powerful! 
weirdthingstobuyonlin A real life pokemon
what' wrong with thi country?!?!?!  prayers4california
whatiwantforchristmasin4word twenti one pilot ticket
newday berniesand hillaryclinton berni is better I guess
gunman kill 6 at mosqu in quebec citi chant allahu akbardo you realli want to share our countri with them?… 
ihaveadreamthat the media will stop brainwash peopl and make report on kim kardashian' ass
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""thegophasbecom "
don't you dare tell me thi isn't about race
"foke bill clinton' long-tim lover reveal how he call ruthless hillari 'the warden', bemoan hi s...  foke"
iran can't be trusted! kerrydosmth
girl are alway look good in the morning…in movi and firytales. In the morn I look ugli like potato smash
asthma inhal lost and found comicconin5word midnight
wish thi guy wa in charg of the nypd guns4ni
punk vs metal 
ireallylikeyoubut i'm an introvert

"father of orlando terrorist after shooting: god will punish gays. now he endors clinton. like father, like son. "
rnc live: christi say clinton show ‘aw judgment’: He say voter should hold clinton accounta...  break
bacon appl pie thingspeopleontwitterlik 
"hillaryshuma abedin work at a radic islamist journal, which condemn women' right &amp; blame the US for 9/11"
It is pretti cool 
"frankli my dear, I don't give a fuck.   onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
Do wacha ya do!
"2 girls, 1 cup betteralternativetodeb"
grandmast flash drive robothiphop midnight
To put a vigina on my head reasonstoprotest 
"dutert say he told obama he never insult him, think u.n.' ban a fool  world news"
igetdepressedwhen I get bore
meanwhil in a parallel univers american refuge were detain in iran airport muslimban 
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees!
chanc got a legendari sodapoppintv thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
I know that you'r the right choicel but do you think that I am the right one? true love
hillari clinton propos anoth middle-class tax cut for parent 
"peopl are start to see hillary' true colors, more and more! let' go trump!thegophasbecom "
everyth you need to know about tim kain and whi hillari clinton pick him. He is pro-tpp. stop thi nonsense! 
trump campaign apolog for past statement  break
cancelplansin5word too busi kill fleek speaker
"jon voight: ""let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu his… "
thetroublewithaddict is that you don't know you'r addict until it' too late
"first ladi draw sharp portrait of trump, without name him  news"
here is the list of fbi' most violent citi in america.. and everi singl one is ran by democrat 
bill clinton is speak now at demconvent A rapist is repres democrats. demsinphilli 
the ice cream man cometh makeabookwarm
I am disgust of liber who alreadi plan to use sanbernardino as an opportun to pass their stupid gun law prayers4california
"""so, i'm go with your strategi to make it look like I have no chance, then win."" superbowl sb51 tombrady… "
jenn_abram hope we'll never see thi pic!!
midnight newfoundland of the lost maketvshowscanadian
"unga putin is a strong character, so he usual manag to success advanc russia' interests. great leader!"
"trump: ""must take the money we use for refuge and use it to help poor americans."" americafirst "
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
shipshipp marty10707 joanwalsh also never mention trump insist on includ jewish and black custom at palm beach golf cours in
If you'v been wonder whether there' someth that can make trump' campaign more absurd katrinapiersonhistori 
are you tri to say that there were no terrorist attack in europ befor refuge were let in? islamkil stopislam
and we know that there are thingsyoucantignor tell giselleevn and me about it and let' have motivationalmonday f…
domest spi on citizen is unconstitut surveillanceday
the patriot act is violat of our freedom patriotact
what about boobs? dickflick midnight
'polic offic are our one line defens between a civil societi and anarchy' ~ judg jeanin pirro 
sometimestwittermakesm 
"just got twitter, who dis? tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
we'r take back what' ours!! trumppence2016 deplor hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
just too cute! ❤
realdonaldtrump hillary' plan to ruin americatak our gunsclaim islam is peacefulopen border for refuge 
black swan is the thing I can eat makeamoviefat
thingspeopleontwitterlik dick joke
"""we'v got to start just see ourselv as americans."" - pastor mark burnstrumpenmexicotrumpmexico "
My dog' fort thingsinventedwhilehigh
hillaryclinton no! delet your account!
stopislam you want american die from potenti terrorists? I don't islamkil
clinton apolog for call half of trump' support 'deplorables'  polit
"If you'r not make mistakes, then you'r not do anything. -john wooden"
that' my belief nice
„erdogan schreckt mehr touristen ab al die terroristen“ türkei putschversuch 
okay. andthenishouldhavesaid
...
.newtgingrich on clinton 'corruption': thi is the largest polit scandal american history!hillarysemail 
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" rncincl "
"In king of prussia, trump and penc to ralli against obamacar "
"trump wonder if clinton is ‘crazy,’ loyal to her husband or healthi  polit"
watch fridaythe13thpartvi jason live betteralternativetodeb slasher thriller 
gold or platinum  rejecteddebatetop
maketvsexi xxx-file
At least ten bill clinton victim were silenc by the pro-clinton media and hillari herself and lib are OK with t… 
"brussel hous move to tighten flow of syrian refuge over obama’ objections, and they are right! islamkil"
"obama rip trump’ ‘outrag behavior,’ warn that it is becom ‘normalized’  polit"
"gemeinsam können wir viel erreichen, auch für kommend generationen merkelmussbleiben"
i'm realli happi that realdonaldtrump is our potu makeamericagreatagain 
the klu klux klan recruit pamphlet were be distribut on mississippi state university’ campu yesterday. 
1991 wurd merkel bundesministerin für frauen und jugend in der regierung von helmut kohl merkelmussbleiben
he-man and the master of the coloni empir addcartoonstohistori midnight
"whytrumpcanceledr .. well mayb he decid to teach lib how to spell ""cancelled""! "
the screwtap fax onewordoffbook midnight
tough gop law on unemploy benefit dump by high court  polit
ishouldgetamedalfor be a bitch most of the time
that' what obama administr ha done to americatrumpwakeupamerica 
how a professor in china predict trump' victori more accur than most u.s. poll...  
politweec no way!
demdeb trump will trump their ass off! demdebatemiami
these two alon could destroy two contin singlehandedly... hillaryclinton angelamerkel 
"MT jdhlsc169: tedcruz, the onli true choic to return thi countri to it' found roots!  cruzcrew pjnet"
politweec the best pope ever!!
norleansdaili dummmyyyy
"after the donald trump-tan sinks, some in ohio gop will be sit high and dry: thoma sudd  polit"
"mustbeban confus by outrag against the word, ""must."" it' just a harmless verb.it' been around sinc middl english…"
becaus trump lead peopl while you follow georg soros. 
.dineshdsouza: with the clinton we'r deal with a bottomless level of corruption; a basement underneath anothe… 
oaktree’ howard mark say trump isn’t a compet candid  polit
john kerri arriv in russia for first direct talk with putin in two year sochitalk
dnc day 3: 2 AZ dem take uniti to the next level  polit
trumpwinsbecaus   the silent major ha awoken!  fake poll
waitguyshold onar you buy coffe in starbuck to protest starbucks?do it even make sense? trumpcup
2016electionin3word choos the worst
trump hammer clinton for fbi' discoveri of 30 benghazi email
thingsyoucantignor christma TV ad
educ mustbeban
".newtgingrich: ""thi is a guy who build buildings, he doesn't just give speeches, and I think he' go to lead… "
trap!!! 
sheriff clark put don lemon In hi place over anti-polic rhetor - epic! rncincl  
I want someon who feel lucki to have me
 thumb up for pitbul
our danc move got us kick out of the club. iknewweweredoom
merkel wird eng zusammenarbeit mit grossbritannien weiterhin sichern. may  merkelmussbleiben
rejoic with your famili - it' the best what exist in the world usa imho
leak isi document reveal most recruit know littl on islam 
podesta had multipl dinner with top doj offici dure clinton investig - silence. trump said 'pussy' - eve… 
"Ya look so cute sit in your boat, I want to suck out your eyebal"
hillari clinton realli need kain apparently. can't handl stair herself. clintonkain imwithh trumppence16 
merkel trägt die regierungsverantwortung gegenüb dem bundestag merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
merkel schweigt zu terrorismu in deutschland merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
trump ralli in pennsylvania  polit
let no man pull you so low as to hate him.  – martin luther king jr.
trump visit flint! makewaterdrinkableagain 
"our greatest glori Is not in never falling, but In rise everi time We fall. confuciu"
v.p of mlk societi deliv a passion speech to african american on behalf of donald trump 
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
obama administr consid arm syrian kurd against isi  news 
it' not the oscar that need to chang oscarhasnocolor oscar
"donald trump on new york bombing: 'I call it,' say profil need "
panic! at the bar tab drunkband midnight
don’t let dachshund Go down On Me dogsong midnight
My heart goe out to the famili of  those who die in cascademal shooting! We have to be strong &amp; make our co… 
supercut: rnc day 4 in 3 minut  polit
topvideo trump hold roundtabl on secur 
good morning! it' here! today' the day we make america great again! neverhillari hillaryforprison trump2016 maga ☝… trumpforpresid
thank you for your service!trump won't leav you behind just as you didn't leav your comrad behind. 
taxat system will be revis and improv mycampaignslogan
lol!!! rulesforeverydayliv 
As a result:womnens' right activism=h toward men.black people' right activism=h toward cops.4th estat… 
girl hahaha 
when your mom tell you to help bring in the groceri and you can't find your shoes:
north carolina a snapshot of trump' shrink trade appeal  busi
gcse' aren't everything. school isn't everything. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"don king: ""whatev we see, right, wrong or indifferent, If the system don't change, it' go to be the same."" "
maketvsexi buffi the vampir slay it!
conway on accus that donald trump lie about lester holt: 'A lie would mean that h...  
great new poll!donald trump 45%hillari clinton 40% 
the slut of the music industri 
gabon opposit leader ping say he ha won presidenti elect  world news
hillari can't be presid just becaus the respons is too big for thi person hillarynothnx
R 2 legit D 2 quit. robothiphop midnight
find my christma spirit..... todolistbeforechristma
sometimestwittermakesm laugh. caus the peopl here are creativ and funni af.
truth about ferguson fergusonrememb 
and devil is their second father 
"christmasaftermath spent all night with my 40 cat and wine, wallow in self piti"
"the white hous wifi password Is ""he' not My president"" potuslasttweet"
that' way too ador  that' way too ador
one direct spokesman wont confirm hiatu report
humoritarian he is!
andthenishouldhavesaid ... 
that chick ha mud in the crack of her ass! 
donald trump is a candid that speak directli to the people!trumpindetroittrump 
how is thi accept in 2016?blacklivesmatt 
A new gener are rising! and they will not be silenced!hand up 🙌🏿fist up ✊🏿 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""i'm with her! vote clinton - kain 2016!"""
your typic anti-gun libtard is just so toler and understand trumpforpresid
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus whi let someon els ruin your life when you'r capabl of do it on your own.
usdanutrit At least I have a chicken kochfarm NY turkey usda  
reasonstogetdivorc she bite too hard dure
"""everybodi includ potu is on the fraud""obama to trump: 'stop whining' about mythic voter fraud5 min later:"
urgent: donald trump just got amaz news! thi will give hillari clinton A heart attack…  
"""all truth is simple.""i that not a doubl lie?"
anti-trump graffiti mar chicago build ahead of event 
trump adjust call for clinton bodyguard to lose their gun  news
topnew golf or beach? presidenti vacat to chang again after obama
hillaryclinton you are w/ criminals!
WE will make america strong again!
igetdepressedwhen I have 2 make a beer run
thegophasbecom the parti that will never let nation embarrass happen again! 
congressman say it' hard to determin if refuge are terrorist islamkil stopislam
myolympicsportwouldb who will sit longer in front of a TV
"betteralternativetodeb   altern end in ""sixth sense""  with bruce willi play a retir paedophil make up artist"
angri protest readi for trump ahead of hi detroit visit 
black businessman say trump ha more support than he realiz 
merkel is a traitor to the european people'slik clinton to the americans.munich 
atlantabreak yaaa!
ishouldgetamedalfor my famdom
the clone war of 1812. addcartoonstohistori
trump would make biggest differ with regulation: icahn  polit
name and shame? obama point to russia on dnc email hack  |  
"breaking: clinton lost 7 point in just three days, accord to a new reuter poll.  "
addamovieruinamovi midnight  everi which way but footloos
whi did thi slut bought tha same shoes??
howtoloseyourjob start a fight club in your offic
A veri power messag from chicago activist : peopl want job &amp; the american dream. not welfare!… 
congress overrid obama’ veto of 9/11 bill  news
god save america!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
someon help me get 300 followers?!
"If a republican congressman had said thi about a democrat woman, he would be forc to resign "
terroristen planten giftgas-anschlag im öffentlichen nahverkehr. sie sind wie tiere... isi terror 
trumpbecaus militari live matter! trumpforpresid 👻🎅🏿👻
oxymoron left can never see the ironi provid ton of everyday laugh for reason peopleliberallog 
"obama to tour flood-ravag louisiana, and trump take credit  |  "
gopdeb islam is the problem! vegasgopdeb
they that can give up essenti liberti to obtain a littl temporari safeti deserv neither liberti nor safety.
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
women are made to be love not understood.
finally! 
arizona democrats' deleg is veri diverse; gop' wa not. doe it matter?  polit
12 play of nbaxmas... d-wade lob it up to lebron in 2013 at 3! 

mani clinton foundat donor grant time with hillari at state depart  polit
rote kart – merkel stimmt gegen die ehefüralle. sie sind mein kanzlerin. frau merkel!
reasonstogetdivorc he kiss anoth man 
"reallifemagicspel ""ok, you can take my car"" upgrad your walk skill"
".kimguilfoyle: ""anyon would be lucki to have rudi giuliani in ani capacity... i'd love to see him serv the cou… "
ihaveadreamthat tax is theft
obama sneak syrian refuge into america earli in the AM morn islamkil stopislam
and abov all trump is a disgust white ci man! liberallog wakeupamerica 
these women are support a cultur where if a woman is rape she need 4 male wit or will be accus of adu… 
easterin4word  candi hangov In progress
"beingblacki when your peac protest are label ""riots"" no matter what. caus it' our fault!"
ihaveadreamthat one day i'll be abl to take a decent selfi with my dog 
We need to strengthen our border secur to stop the terrorist come to the us. teapartynew polit 
donald trump’ feud with john kasich may haunt him in ...  news |  
A few photo from staten island action! blacklivesmatt ericgarn   
"instead of keep on be crybabies, all you hillari support should think about find a jobimstillwithh "
"thing are bad when you say ""oh good, a botch robberi shooting, not a terrorist shooting."" rooseveltfieldmal gardencityshoot"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm congrat fam you have depress
famili splatter problematickidsshow midnight 
"bi jetzt hat frau merkel sehr schöne, inspirierend arbeit gemacht merkelmussbleiben"
I won't be a rock star. I will be a legend.
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
"new""castle"" maketvshowsaustralian"
"education, position, power, style, etc. are not protect from badcop  antipolicebrutalityday"
hillari clinton' challenge: ignit excit  polit |  
ruinadinnerinonephras leftov are over
shirtless guy over 50 off beach mustbeban 
beauti video! 
mustbeban kosher wine
hard mac thingsinventedwhilehigh
can we have anonym hack the big screen on footbal day &amp; play thi dure the nationalanthem?blacklivesmatt 
gute nacht mein lieben! träumt süß! 
"mother of the muslim terrorist who kill innoc isra girl: ""mi son is hero. He made me proud"" "
orlando woman arrest for call off duti cop’ son rude
"A militia, when properli formed, are in fact the peopl themselves... and includ all men capabl of bear arm prayers4california"
hawaii five ocean fishtv midnight
trump’ new immigr plan: Do what obama is do but ‘with a lot more energy’  polit
three bad compani addabandtoatvshow
"merkel macht kein neuen schulden mehr und anfanget, die alten schulden zurückzuzahlen.  merkelmussbleiben"
rip stay american. bear arm. prayers4california
"As donald trump campaigns, the alt-right take center stage...  |  "
hmm🤔 whi the media keep silent on hillari sell off 20% of US uranium to russia?neverhillarytrumpsacrific 
realdonaldtrump corrupt prosper while hillari rule
"buzzfe 20 time ""whose line Is It anyway?"" wa the greatest show On tv: “we’r watch an...  uniteblu tcot"
potuslasttweet area 51 is real!
toavoidworki had an accid at the gym thi morn
former isra presid shimon pere brought to rest in jerusalem 
iamthankfulfor my life becaus I onc hate it but I realiz that it is someth you can lose and never get back again
"school mandat daughter to convert to islam, parent sue  trump bitcoin tcot trump2016 teaparti libertarian"
some berni sander backer want dnc apolog on TV  polit
the godfath of the bride  addamovieruinamovi midnight
sometimestwittermakesm get all stabbi and whatnot.
ashley madison employe told to creat hundr of fake profil of allur ...
sextingwentwrongwhen you sent a pic of a burger
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"
makemusicreligi huey lewi and the pew  huey_lewis_new
rob portman won't commit to campaign with donald trump  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik anus.
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart and the special for today is for us to cook clean your hous and free food for a year.
MT libertyusa1776: boom! joe walsh call AG lynch out on her 'prosecut anti-muslim speech'.  2A nra pjnet
hillarycantstopli 
🚨wow rasmussen poll show a 3% shift toward trump in just one day‼️trump 45 (+3) clinton 42highenergi maga 
"bill clinton: trump shady, hillari back minor "
colin powel say hillari clinton 'screw up' everyth 'with hubris' in leak email  break
retweet if you also think that trump total destroy hillary!  trumpwon debatenight
"tonit I won’t be alone, but you know that don’t mean i’m not lone"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you won't close the goddamn door 
"fbi found nearli 15,000 new clinton emails. that' prove that hillari clinton lie about emails! hillaryemail"
without fear there cannot be courage.  – christoph paolini
"rickspark ah, insults. the best way to win an argument when you have no arguments."
gad58 oh snap
fbi interview catch hillari clinton In multipl lie
trump attack muslim father’ convent speech  |  
"and I guess I realiz at that moment that I realli did love her. becaus there wa noth to gain, and that didn't matter"
demdeb We don't wanna see a woman as a president!  demdebatemiami
elect is just four week away  news
kanzlerin merkel besucht festspiel 
midnight   rudolph the ladi in red reindeer  addasongruinamovi
MT kin2souls: democraci vs a republ We need to learn what WE can DO TO save our country.  cosproject pjnet
ihavearighttoknow if you are a moron
liberia confirm new ebola case as outbreak spread via reuter 
flashback: michel obama slam hillari as unfit for the white hous 
us: it is about 6am est - cnn 
"thingsinventedwhilehigh flagpol sitting, stilt"
noth is more annoy than when someon expect you to be okay with someth that they wouldn't be okay with if you did it
I will tri to do the same with my ford escort 
"most rout to 270 block for trump, need last-ditch surg "
"even sexist moron bill clinton didn't choos hillary, whi should you?hillary4prison better "
"you never leav my mind, even when I have better thing to talk about 💗💗💗"
hillari in orlando gave vip seat to the father of the puls nightclub terroristbut it' all russia' fault maga 
".jasonmillerindc: ""eleven day out, they'r reopen an investigation. they must'v found someth big.""… "
hillari clinton hate her own votersthink they are 'stupid.'gohillari 
butthurt liber journalist are tri to give donald trump hell. they don't realiz thi is exactli whi he won th… 
china respond to trump: we'r not steal american job
network girl. addamovieruinamovi
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm get plenti of sleep as much as you can. you'll regret when you don't onc you'r an adult with respons
polit fact check: gop convent day 3
.realdonaldtrump destroy what destroy
topvideo white hous avoid weigh in on melania trump speech 
"yes, hillary, the poll are tightening. trumppence16  trumpforpresid"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari obama' birth certif
superoldhero 50 shade of gray
time to make america great again
“sorri for be a gentlemen” i cannot fuck believ 
girl on a web cam newton midnight sexysport
reasonstoleaveeu to get money back
retireasongorband  juda ceas
realdonaldtrump I don't understand whi mass media blame you for what happen dure obama' term
play hashtag like friendstheon is a betteralternativetodebates. play it with us now!
"live in the same building, with new roof on it"
songshannibalwoulds anyth by the fine young cannib
"when someon else' happi is your happiness, that' love."
"consid the lili of the field, how they grow"
slaveryofspeech all the press is corrupt as hell
drunkband midnight U2 sauced.
To all blindfold hillari support  hillaryforprison2016 
A michel obama speech secondhandgift
can't accept her strang mood swings!
did obama think that he can eas the sanction on iraq and nobodi will care? gulfstatestalk
malia obama spot at lollapalooza thursday  polit
"""richmovi"
mani 2012 republican promis come true under obama  money
car stuck in flood underpass in cleveland: the entir wkyc view area is under a flood w... …
"If your adult child need a safe space to avoid offens words, you fail as a parent "
(2/3) terror lynch in america 
highschooltaughtm that I have someth I can share with my daughter 
imtoooldfor drive too fast 
7 takeaway from wild night at gop convent  via news |  
"MT terigright: If tedcruz is elect president, america wins! tcot ccot lnyhbt 2A  cruzcrew pjnet"
reddit postit is delet now100% resistancelol 
"mother of american kill by illeg alien: ""mi son wa systemat tortured, beaten, murder and set on fire."" "
"you might be poor, your shoe might be broken, but your mind is a palac"
miller' rnc highlights:  
reasonstoleaveeu to set own tax rate
thingshillarygoogl  I hate america maga 
topvideo man scale trump tower in new york citi pull insid by polic 
oleg kashin: maria katasonova protest against hillari clinton outsid the u.s. embassi in moscow.
trump say clinton would ‘effectively’ abolish u.s. border  polit
"I don't believ a goddamn fuck thing should be censored."""
whyimgangsta becaus my mommi said so.
matt drudg make lemonade...         comeycomedi  maga trump draintheswamp fbi  trumpforpresid
"merri christmas, christians! makeamericagreatagain "
".randpaul: ""whether you'r rich or poor, white or black, everybodi should be treat the same under the law."" "
democraci overr  demdebatemiami 
man sought in parma height bank robbery: parma height polic and the cleveland divis of the fbi are ask for the…
"decemb 05, 2015 at 07:01am nflnetwork tell nfl hireblackcoach blacklivesmatt : "
"obama to meet with iraq, nigeria, colombia leader at u.n. assembl  world news"
A govern We deserv -- or one We need?: peopl support leader who tel them what they want t...  tcot pjnet
... 
thetroublewithaddict is you'r too tire to chase the addiction. sitdownsomewher
reasonsiaintinarelationship  she said all men are dog
lastminutegifts2016 $1 movi from the dollartre
"xavierestivil would you, please, check thi out? can you share your thought about it?"
rocl out bird 😂😂😂 
"stopislam islamkil sinc you want these "" syrian refugees"" in our country, how about you let them move in with U"
realdonaldtrump I love to see some black start to wake up! spread thi pic! msm won't show it! 
student are march to hand over their memorandumthey are now protest &amp; make their own history!✊🏿 
"sgt. pepper' lone heart club handbag"""
"our futur doesn't depend on you, hillmakeamericagreatagaindeb"
is make a meal outta you music
"trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter "
realdonaldtrump donaldgump 
2 women tell paper trump touch them inappropri 
Es fällt mir so schwierig morgen am wochenend zu joggen. aber schönen morgen an euch alle! sonntag 
addasongruinamovi macarena and Me midnight
foss No evil athleticstvshow
An arm societi is a polit societi gardencityshoot
the price is right   gst midnight maketvshowscanadian
"there are a lot of dirt poor white everywher in the u.s.which prove there' no such thing as ""white privilege"" "
aww poor taylor swift! I can't believ no one ever went out with her! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
man prove softwar stole vote in all 'hillari won' counties! dnc rig elect 
fair point prisonplanet 
"white neighbor arrest after fire erupt in home of onli black firefight in tonawanda, NY "
thi is how real black live matter activist look like.teapartynew theteaparti conserv usa america 
"beat insid me, leav you blind love rap"
l.a. street artist ‘move sale’ poster for anti-trump celebrities😂do they need someon to help them pack? 
melania trump on leak tape: donald wa “eg on” 
“I like donald trump becaus he speak from the heart.” - malik obamadebatenight debat 
can't see ani justic here 😑 
fake friend are a wast of time
speak the truth is one of the healthiest thing you can do in ani relationship. iamonfir
votetrump trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari  trumpforpresid
"If you'r gonna give me a second chance, then mean it."
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus eve made me not to trust women anymor about what he did to adam
jenn_abram I miss him too
"establish gop donor are back clinton over trump, report say"
"A sequel to ""2001"" insultingmovi  vfx whydidkubrickpermit"
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb "
hillari claim gun don't keep us safe yet she is guard by hundr of arm secret servic agents! hypocrite! 
daili remind that love will win 
trump 2016 trumpforpresid
today our famili ha grown bigger! meet new ahmed' favourit wife priscilla! muslemtoff!  i'm a wife number 2 again 
betteralternativetodeb A good old fashion piss contest.
islamkil j'apprend dan le métro pour la belgiqu brussel
outerspacemanii: RT michiganclothes: outerspacemanii: RT bigredeo: . onetoughnerd govricksynd ricksnyd gop gopevil tcot michigan …
I cri just a littl when I think of let go
"huma say islam help her made the decision, bu islam forbid women to leav their husbands. allah won't like it! "
the product of a vaccin is disgust vaccinateu
"jay sekulow: ""there' no question in my mind that the fbi never realli intend to do an investig hillari clin… "
letter from washington: foreign polici question to ask clinton and trump at the ...  news 
what I saw is hillari clinton had alreadi open pickl jar. more pathet that she need to lie about it too 
seattle’ may day protest prepar cleveland’ 300 bicycl cop for rnc  local
"dismay 'values' voters, fear of clinton, learn to live with trump  polit"
today mark two year sinc the death of ericgarner. We alway rememb him. blacklivesmatt 
"resid of orlando are make a commonsens effort to shut down the radical, terror-support mosque! …"
found: the plot of 'die hard' in jeb bush' websit 2016elect
We should boycott everyth that disrespect our nation! 
local student with cerebr palsi to cover potu debat  | 
"clinton like to take popular vote, bring scrutini to elector colleg  "
"for clinton, some terrible, no good, veri bad day  polit"
my4wordnewyearsresolut help peopl in need.  chariti 
vote today in ohio take 2 voter with us! ohio love trump! trumpforpresid
michael moor debut film on trump week befor vote  news
the media want to keep black with the democrats!they don't want to show that!nbcnewsforum 
AZ secretari of state: congress should step in to prevent election-rel cyberattack 
man prove softwar stole vote in all 'hillari won' counties! dnc rig elect 
finley: blame clinton for trump  
"despit trump' warn of fraud, there' littl sign of interest in poll-watch "
"topnew trump declin to endors ryan, mccain for re-election: washington post"
stopislam islamkil refuge are isi pack mule
"""hillari haven't just made money off rich people; they'v also figur out how to make money off the poorest of the… "
"topvideo trump vow to unit america under ""one god"" "
A somber look at what thi war ha done to the onc beati citi of aleppo 
« the greatest pleasur are onli narrowli separ from disgust. » cicero
brussel whi do they think peopl are go to just wait for the them to catch these terr islamkil
sehr vernünftig! 
We must shelter those that want to kill us and use violenc to stop idea we don’t like rather than discredit th… 
"guten morgen, hamburg ich hoff heut wirst du einen friedlichen tag erleben... "
"crowd chant ""podesta! We got your emails, podesta!"" live on cnn dure discussionpodesta: ""uh, uh, uh, it uh,… "
 so well done work!
“abort is just about choice! We don't want to kill babies!”“if plan parenthood IS defund babi might actu… 
sometim you just get tire of be the onli one trying.
".cortesstev they'r not undocu they'r illeg &amp; commit a crime by the veri fact that they'r here""trumpaz "
45 burn to death in iraq! RT  stopislam dianesori makedclisten crusad wakeupamerica politicalislam
bitch brigad  renamemillionwomenmarch
watch movi like ‘argo’ forget truth! gonewiththeoscar
what a disgrace!lenadunham 
katacombz
caus you never know when you may need to fight for your life. especi when your govern is welcom terrori… 
lol refugeeswelcom 
We owe illeg nothing!w owe our veteran everything!rt if you agree! 
"trump’ evolv immigr plan compar to clinton, obama  news"
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
urgent: mike pence’ plane crashed! what happen next will make you believ In god…  
10 min and no insult yet? how come?! debat
topvideo trump accus of inappropri touch by two women - nyt 
thingsyoucantignor hi gloriou beard 
achtung! betrüger geben sich al mitarbeit de finanzamt au 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
"topnew how trump, clinton would fix the 'crazy' u.s. health system"
midnight addcartoonstohistori shrektemb 11th
worstpaineverin3word  disloc my kneecap and have to pop it back in to stand up.
you'r gonna miss me when i'm gone
"'if you vote for a parti that disenfranchis million by rig it own primary, that perpetu a corrupt syste… "
"peopl will forget what U said, peopl will forget what U did, but peopl will never forget how U made them feel -maya angel"
juliabrownley26 how could terrorist get into a subway with all that suicid west stuff? stopislam islamkil
breaking: parent of two benghazi victim file lawsuit against hillari clinton 
WE are winning!!!! look AT the crowd not crookedhillary' media polls!! vote onli trumppence16 maga trumpforpresid
🚨breaking🚨hillari hold a press conference!!! watch now! 
bush-clinton mafia dynasti merry-go-round  via newsjunkiepost hillaryforprison neverhilla… trumpforpresid
smithrighton I bet all you sjw lunat are look forward to see him get impeached. too bad it' not gonna happen
enabl trump to spew hi hatr and racist rhetor mustbeban (i'm embarrass for you)  worldofhashtag giselleevn
eric garner’ daughter say abc new silenc her dure potustownhal on race relations. 
just checkin’ all you bitch like i’m checkin’ thi check sheet hollywoodundead
"""we have seen that our nation is more deepli divid than we thought."" ~ hrc no, hillari we'r not! "
foke hillari clinton' health bombshel explain  foke
unexpress emot will never die. they are buri aliv and will come forth later in uglier ways.
just a suggest to blm thugs. 
urgent: trey gowdi just issu a seriou challeng to hillari clinton! thi will put her IN jail!!… 
wikileak 13: email prove obama lie when He said He didn’t know hillaryclinton wa use unsecur email server 
omg! jam comey won’t sleep tonight after what trump just expos about him…  
damn you! let me insid of you!! let ME insid OF you!
ireallylikeyoubut I don't do that anymor
2017survivaltip don’t forget how to walk😂 
politweec haha! lol!
ani other suggestions? 
break : trump hit all-tim high in LA time track poll  
donald trump call barack obama and hillari clinton founder of islam state  polit
wood chipper by the dozen midnight allmalereboot
österreich wirft helfern kooper mit schleusern vor. wie kann man geld mit dem tod ander menschen machen? 😧
toler liber show everyon how open-mind &amp; toler they are again😕b careful! 
that' all I have to say about polit correctness. It should have no place in america. 
all these liber mainstream media will tri to make us sure that it' all guns' faultyeapprayforosu… 
"tuesdaymotivation, which realli is more like de-motiv "
too much gun and too few control gunviolenceoregon
gopdeb i’m sure that trump will make america great again vegasgopdeb
"gen. jack keane: ""we'v had a weak american presid for 8 years, and that make american gener look weak."" "
northcarolinatrump we need you. crookedhillari hillaryforprison2016 comeydoyourjob trumpforpresid
almost for 2 centuri we'r tellin our stori blackpressday
"tppatriot pryan oh ""great"""
A percentag of refuge are terrorists. you can bank on it. islamkil stopislam
colin powel call donald trump ‘nation disgrace’ in leak email 
believ in yourself. have faith in your abilities. without a humbl confid in your own power you can't be success or happy. ihq
twitter lock me from my account ten_gop w/ 27k followers! thi is my new account! pleas retweet! jaredwyand  
thingspeopleontwitterlik quot retweet
"sometimestwittermakesm rant about stupid shit.  *pause* no, wait.  that' just the voic in my head."
trump accus presid obama of be the 'founder of isis' 
A beginner' guid to trump sign languag 
beach_bitch1 cnn Go ahead!
i'm not racist just becaus I think america should defend it borders!  maga tcot ccot gop 
We all as a nation need to take a shower after the toxic of thi election.  electionfinalthought 
hillari clinton lead in new state poll  polit
what doe the sloth say? 
when your mom announc that she' bring sexi back. thingsyoucantignor 
thingsidontwantoncamera the face I make when you like but don't retweet
 impressive!!
that' how it is 
realdonaldtrump thank you mr. trump for amaz rally!
trump vs media in one pic 
thi IS funni and cute  thi IS funni and cute
cb poll show clinton now Up 6 point in battleground state  polit
trump visit black churchgoer in detroit 'to learn'  polit
i know that it' gotta be hope
whenitimetravel I never leav home without my american express card.
"trump: ""I have no sympathi for leader who fail their citizens."" whereshillari wheresobama "
what time is it?? 
"the cool thing about a dream is that the onli person who need to believ in it, is you."
trump mustbeban first ?
makesexawkwardin5word we'r think food again today … are you have anyth tasti for lunch?
🚨 sickening...dem think 'it' great' when black are murder by white so they can stir up racial tensions… 
"7 takeaway from trump-clinton polls, where they stand befor the final debat "
hillari watch trump tower climber😂😂 
whenitimetravel I somehow becom the inventor of grill ham and chees sandwich and chicken nuggets. you'r welcom
new anti-hillari ad. A person like her shouldn't be abl to run! 
We owe our militari hero for their service. their sacrific is the price of our freedom! 
they are so funni 
"""you cannot point a gun at a polic offic and expect noth to happen."" ~ D. clark milwauke "
"I have dreamt of an open world, borderless and wide, where the peopl move from place to place, and nobody' take sides. -yusuf islam"
nixon live in hillari clinton and now more power than ever. 
"phillyonairnow del. crash leav 2 dead, 1 arrest for dui"
hillari clinton could be the first F president! Oh sorri she delet the email trumpforpresid
MT trophywifeshus: guncontrol with the duke.  2A nra pjnet
"senalouwho enlighten me, will you?"
thingstobeashamedof that it' 2017
midnight pickup monster truck redneckamovi
jihadist caught pose as refuge fuel alarm  wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot foxnew pjmedia_com retweet
hillarysolym wear an ugli supremacist bag on your head can get you unlimit and total undeserv attent 
"rudi giuliani: let donald trump him be himself, thi man is an extraordinari polit thinker. debates2016 "
"'I swear if they bomb russia, in half an hour everi muslim will die' ~ vladimir putin "
anti-immigr parti pois for huge win in german state elect  news
panic attacks! who know what` go on? phosphorusdisast  in american fall
whi wa email exchang between obama and hillari withheld? that moment when the word 'treason' suddenli come to mi… 
demdeb damndeb 
show me an american ghetto and i'll show you a place where democrat are in powermakeamericagreatagain 
islamkil thought go out to the peopl of brussels. prayforbrussel stopislam 
midnight superoldhero once-a-day plu iron man
when I see madam presid is trend 
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
today' the day makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
trump under oath: new testimoni say he plan earli anti-immigr rant: testimoni from hi ongo battl ... 
"it' not the men in my life that count, it' the life in my men. – mae west"
trump call obama 'the founder of isis.' I love the black guy on the back... 
"the 9:01: rnc night one, greensward resolution, fizdale’ v...  |  "
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carsonthat' whi we need donald T… "
warren buffett challeng donald trump to discuss tax return  polit
easterin4word that is a holi day
god gave rock`n`rol to y bae!! 
merri christmas! tcot pjnet 
pretti much say it all.trumpacandi 
easi to track how the fakenew narr chang 
trumpbecaus “everyth in life is luck.” 🍪🍯😇
"supremesacrificeday I wanna thank all those who' on duti right now, you'r keep our world a safe place"
there come a time in everi life when the world get quiet and the onli thing left is your heart
elect form issu aris in kansas’ most popul counti  news
trumpbecaus he is unlik obama 😏😏😏
the klu klux klan recruit pamphlet were be distribut on mississippi state university’ campu yesterday… 
keep your dream alive. understand to achiev anyth requir faith
drake relationship updat 2015: back with serena william after wta win ...
"trump, clinton not plan to campaign on 9/11  |  "
power video on whi black support donald trump. makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
boom💥 peopl hold 'trump2006' sign at dnc convention!but 0 coverag from msm!demsinphilli 
i'm wait forward to see trump shut down all thi bullsh*ttrump2016 
obama is defend blm. hillari clinton is defend blm. none of them want unit america!presidentobamanotbarri 
topvideo california woman join choru of trump accus 
survivalguidetothanksgiv enjoy the kid for a few hour and don't get upset when they leav to visit their dad for a few hours.
how can non-american vote for rihanna on bet? link anyone?
join the game! 
today only: Be super quick. product launch formula 3.0 is live. get free busi
tune in here to listen to an interview with robert sungeni  RT tcot 
the implos Of donald trump In one chart 
the msm ignor photo like this👇 
"donald trump disagre with run mate, surrog on ""rigged"" election: polit extra  polit"
"obama describ the muslim immigr as ""women &amp; children"" red cross: 72% are men of fight age. typic oboom… "
"rnc: trump will 'fight for you,' wife melania say  polit"
imagin that these young girl  were your sister or daughters. and some dirti anim beat them.. 
barack obama is directli respons of the division! 
i said east hate
iggi is such a great singer 
I like the video! 
i'm scared. ani state can be next texasjihad
confid is someth you creat within yourself by believ in who you are.
I have yet to see a firearm jump up and shoot anyon guns4ni
rememb those dog attack on activist at standingrock? 
christina aguilera - christina aguilera dirrti lyric  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
No matter how mani time I see thi anti marriageequ poster it still sicken me.reason enough to vote ye gaylo…
clewandowski_ happen now at trump tower NY 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word ladyantebellum to follow me
survivalguidetothanksgiv  know caddi or charm when you see it
weird scienc of the lamb  midnight  addamovieruinamovi
"there is no valid poll that show major support for so call same-sex ""marriage"".  gaylovematt"
.realdonaldtrump truth trumpforpresid
my2017biggesthop stop give fuck 
weedsillegalbut cigarett that kill million is becaus why?
must watch video : trump’ close messag TO america  
breaking: what trump said second ago will put hillari clinton In jail By tomorrow!  
immigrationact will onli bring new illeg to our country! they`ll hope for newlegalizations! illegalamigoz
I wonder what you say when i'm not around..
not quit fulltim clerk  budgetmovi
"nocybercensorship polit correct is the same as internet censorship, we need neither of them"
gone with the wind beneath My wing  addasongruinamovi 
but why? 🤔 
gay &amp; lesbian chamber of commerc give clinton it first presidenti endors  polit
he' not fat. he' ken big bone midnight  kenbonefact
"""all occup are advis to run, hide or fight."" prayforsandiego"
trump about anthoni weiner back in 2012. 
what a tough group of individuals! 
that' whi hillari lost 😂😂😂trumppresid 
happiest are the peopl who give most happi to others.
happi nationaltacoday 
ilove__butihate__  I love french fri but I hate that it keep push up the scale
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
breaking🚨hous overrid potu veto of 9/11 victim lawsuit bill.9/11 famili deserv justice!jasta 
 babi repeat after hi dad!
"hillari clinton got no post-deb bounc in ohio, new poll show  polit"
thi is islam of our nation and everyon is too much of a pussi to speak up. what' next? shariah law in the… 
"toni morrison: I type in one place, but I write all over the house. | writingtip write amwrit iamonfir"
realdonaldtrump fuck you  
hillari clinton' play for the buckey state: ohio polit roundup  polit
imvotingbecaus our militari need a strong backbone. electionday myvote2016 trumppence16 trumpforpresid
on a day like thi I just wanna stay in bed
"""rebels"" are flock toward jarablu from s.aleppo and azaz pocket on promis of ""veri high wages"" from turkey "
time to take america back from the hand of traitor like obama! rncincl 
moo' the boss cowtv midnight
thingsthatdisturbm peopl say that you can be healthi at ani size
soro fund 100 group behind 'day without a woman' protestsurpris much? 
brittani spear fish sexysport midnight
2016in4word john kerri is a scum 
shtf: surviv antibiotics: clindamycin   via 3tags_org pjnet
"""makemehateyouinonephras - how old is your baby?- oh, she' 37 months.ಠ_ಠ"
"one of the co-found of blacklivesmatter, invit by maduro' crimin regim to visit venezuela wtf http…"
todolistbeforechristma To find smbd who to celebr with
here are 10 more conspiraci theori embrac by donald trump  polit
wow! hillari fail to hold even a stage press con! can't stop coughing! hackinghillari 
icantbeurfriendbecaus your dick ain't out for haramb
guess which parti creat this?imwithhernow 
I vote for blaze stay illeg junkieu
.midnight straight outta icecap earthdaysong
rnc live: chant of ‘all live matter’ fill arena  polit
japan elect key to world' biggest nuclear plant and abe' energi polici  world news
A moment of silenc for ted cruz &amp; the other guy.trumpyourself 
hollywood star hold climat ralli ahead of dnc  polit
"""the constitut shall never be constru to prevent the peopl of the u.s. from keep their own arms"". -S adam "
whatiwantforchristmasin4word everyth from thi video: 
"first amend to the constitution:  freedom of religion, the 1st freedom:  pjnet iartg"
food for thought for those of the notion that a black potu would mean thing are great for the entir race. 
video: black trump support explain whi they are vote for donald trump!black for tru… 
"iamthankfulfor my whipliebers. I know im a pain in the ass alot, but i love you all endlessly. thank you for be my best friend"
becaus isi ban cat indoor sex 
"I look placid, you see, that' whi peopl think i'm fine. insid I worri a lot."
doe posit psycholog of optim favor trump?  pjnet tcot ccot 
"hillari clinton to campaign in kent, cincinnati monday: detail announc  polit"
"stop crying, liberals!soon you'll see that trump is much better than hillarymaga "
trump again urg minor to vote for him  news |  
mynewcatchphrasei  fit In fit
"(obviou perhaps, but what the hell)"
trump will be the greatest job creator!! 
i guess no one told tashfeen malik and sy farook that blacklivesmatt
judg rule against releas of trump univers video  polit
former presid bill clinton to campaign for hillari clinton in cleveland and columbu area  polit
what trump’ ‘take our countri back’ realli mean 
".haleybarbour: ""I do know what hrc'd do: more government, more taxes,  more regulation, more obama. We don't need… "
"obama: ""we are not at war against islam""but islam IS AT war with  america!obama is fool or traitor not to see it! "
it' our duti - to prevent thi from happeningsign thi petitionneverhillari tcot 
"He wa a husband and father, an air forc veteran, and a 10-year veteran of the foreign service. neverforget "
blacklivesmatt leader rob by black mugger – call for more cop 
high five to all neverhillari voters! 
tom carrol domin hi heritag pipelinemast heat. video: asp quiksurf 
ericbol morning! pour yourself a big steam cup of freedom and bite into some lox and liberti wakeupamerica
igetalittleweirdabout peopl still send me myspac request
"aim high, don't die. my4wordnewyearsresolut"
obama stump for clinton in penn. battleground  news |  
letter from georg h.w. bush to bill clinton goe viral  news
(ibd) islam state warn 2 obama' chicago : 'we are In your streets'  pjnet 999 - 
afghanistan target u.s. defens contractor in row over back tax  world news
jodimillercom what about jonah hill?:) 
"Es ist wichtig, dass unser kanzlerin für die christlichen wert steht merkelmussbleiben"
leaflet call for kill all those who 'insult islam' were openli hand in a london mosqu by a radic imam… 
what appeal to me is under banana tree
ihaveadreamthat sweatpant will be appropri at offic 
smartgirls4gop:  tedcruz: cruzcrew: don't miss tonight' cb gopdebate. tune in at 9pm et: 
If we want chang - we need to act.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
2016electionin3word grab the pussy!
omg !!!! it' not penny' boat  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
eatabl undi   lastminutegifts2016 
"whi do I need ID to get id? If I had id, I wouldn’t need id. mo def"
unitedstatesin3word thi mean noth 
"""right now we need donald trump"" ~ jean claud van damm "
elections2016: should I vote? 
"4 Sr gen say ""thi is bigger than benghazi""  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot "
trump’ stamina attack on clinton stir talk of gender bia  news
stopislam vet befor entri is the safest way to go. islamkil
trump face fresh gop pushback despit bid to reset campaign  news
"I  had expect her  result to be bad, but not thi bad whyimnotvotingforhillari  hillarynothnx"
that wa the best shit i'v ever seen!!! 
A smile is an inexpens way to chang your looks.
trump undoubtedli wins. agree? tcot pjnet makeamericagreatagain 
i'm tire of stupid tweetsdo you know there are more white than black live in the usa?whi i'm asking.. 
weird scene insid the gold mine  america
new york citi freak out over topless women in time squar
furbi mustbebanned!!! there satan poop come to life  
bad news for democrats!they are lose support among american blacks! 
tofeelbetteri sleep.
If we let four more year of thi polici happen then we’ll have no border at all. 
"A histor night for hillary, an unusu speech for bill, and a touch moment for bernie: tuesday' dnc takeaw...  cleveland polit"
funniest video ever!!! 
islamkil real refuge are good but didnt peopl see what these fake maggot were do at port in europe? stopislam
"""I don't think hillari clinton is massiv brain damaged, but I do think she' a massiv liar."" ~ rudi giuliani "
"make good movies, be good actor and then you will deserv an award oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor "
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord I can tell you without ani medic record that they are both ill
hillaryclinton stop spread lies! delet your account!
thingspeopleontwitterlik pickl deer or dill doe
"crayola common core lesson promot maoism, global warm alarmism, social justic  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet"
brutal murder of tawonboyd should'v receiv more attention. there'r similar to the murder of freddiegray… 
realdonaldtrump 👈 help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prison 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
and we now have a true leader who will address the real problem by the right name! 2A 
It is ok to fight for your right it is not ok to stay indiffer ppchistori
inkofsquid yankeesman1 I definit didn't burn the flag and destroy property. and I didn't beat the shit out of obama voter
"'I hope donald trump will be the next US president. good for america, good for europe.' ~ geert wilder "
thingsnottaughtatschool how to make pancak without start a fire
survivalguidetothanksgiv post-dinn board game are more fun with money involved.
"the second candidate..aft me, of course! "
secondhandgift bathrob stolen from a hotel
"oops.. maxin water accid throw obama under the bus, implic him in spi scandal. RT thi until your finger fall…"
sie hat verantwortungsbewusst einstellung zur arbeit merkelmussbleiben
trumpbecaus he’ not afraid of tell the truth realdonaldtrump
"the more you care, the more you have to lose."
"update! marchfortrump tequesta sand bar intracoast waterway, jupiter, florida. tomorrow at 1:30 pmmaga trump "

dogsong peta took my babi away midnight
thi pretti much say it all. neverhillari  imvotingfortrump electionday election2016  trumpforpresid
drunkband midnight  puke At the disco
We won't get great america back w/out trump. trump won't makeamericagreatagain w/out the people. marchfortrump 
nba legend kareem abdul-jabbar call kaepernick' nation anthem protest 'highli patriotic' 
thingspeopleontwitterlik - twitteratur  (quot without permiss from kattfunny)
the day you are most uncomfort are the day you learn the most about yourself.  – mari L. bean
hillari clinton and tim kain at taylor allderdic high 
today liber are welcom themrefuge 
she ha robe and she ha monkey  america
new book reveal massiv clinton/obama cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
someth in the way you move make me feel like I can't live without you.
mike huckabe nail the truth about donald trump! 
"weed, money and hoes: what a hell of a night! fuck you mean? thi is everyday life  – big sean"
what?! littl mermaid and mari poppin also appear in frozen? here’ the pic:
fantast 420 stonedcomicbook midnight
In schleswig-holstein hat es einen tuberkulose-fal bei einem asylsuchenden au dem jemen gegeben
"donald trump, mike penc get school choic mostli right "
follow for more quot :)) iamonfir
compar peac islam to other infam group in history. 
I don't feel repres by the movi industry! award for everybody! for me!!! oscarhasnocolor oscar
"your brain on... I don't even know what he uses. I mean, I can't... oh, screw that! i'm speechlessliberallog "
donkeyboner43 *loss
midnight godzirra japanamovi
"who knows, who know "
"speaker short on specifics, histori of politc plagiar and more: best of roll call: while the theme of the ...  cleveland polit"
you'll tri to leav  and you'll fail   thingstoknowabouttwitt 
"We should stand for our freedom, we should stand for justice, we should stand for our country! teapartynew "
can you see ani differ between blm and radic islam terrorists?!👇they look the same for me.. milwauke 
U2 broke girl  addabandtoatvshow
no. fri not. Do or do not. there is no fri onewordoffmoviequot midnight
2 women say donald trump touch them inappropri 
how mani more men are go to die becaus of hillari clinton and dnc? that' someth we can't toler  
"trump: ""christian faith is not the past, but the present and the future. make it stronger."" trumpindetroit "
anti-trump protestor pepper spray children At trump rally!😳thi must go viral! rt! 
"ye you can, when you know what it is. ye you can, when you truli know why. ihq"
noth wrong with guns4ni proposal. thank to our sheriff for be so frank on this!
polit obama turn 55: see how he' age at the white hous
there are mani latino who support trump' immigr policies. but lie media will never show this! 
no man' land faith
former gop congressman: grab my musket if trump lose 
boom! condirmed👇 hillari pay million for support but still lose people' vote!  dncleak 
topnew icahn on cnbc:'archi bunker of the world' will vote for trump
foke tom bergeron and lena dunham lead celebr outrag at donald trump' lewd comment  foke
.jadapsmith just allit lost her mind oscarhasnocolor oscar
trump aid covertli fought free of ukrain prison 
makecelebscut clint easterbunnywood  sometimestwittermakesm
cleveland get readi for republican nation convent  news
clinton plan econom speech thursday in counter to trump event  polit
US ha lowest budget per veteran among all develop countries!vet should go befor illegals! nbcnewsforum 
might I spend a good deal with these toy
you mean more to me than you’ll ever know.
I miss all the stupid thing that we do together. I just miss all the fun we use to have together. iamonfir
"""hillari clinton is the most dishonest candid for potu sinc richard nixon.” ~ mike_p "
mrs. robinson' neighborhood.  maketvsexi
"babeu, mcsalli struggl to respond to trump fallout  polit"
peopl are so obsess about worldrefugeeday and forget about americaneagleday!godblessamerica 
cleveland get readi for republican nation convent  polit
"saudi arabia ha 100,000 empti tent with ac for 3 million peopl – they’v taken zero refuge islamkil stopislam"
have to return some videotap cancelplansin5word 
will thi pain ever go away?
"these latina just vote for realdonaldtrump !thank you, girls! "
the piddler softenabadguy midnight
"how mani like &amp; rt for thi brave guy 👉livelifecorazi who start ""lock her Up chant"" at hillari rally.😏 "
never let an old flame... burn you twice.
"If you have noth to do but take part in charlotteprotest then please, find a job "
"first trump, now this... "
12 year a slave.....not enough redneckamovi midnight
the rnc' unoffici slogan: 'lock her up'  polit
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
"basketofdeplor I have never seen trump attack clinton' or sanders' voters. On the contrary, he tri to pick them up, too."
1.  get some bailey' irish cream liqueur. 2.  drink it. 3  repeat.   todolistbeforechristma
starbucks: whole world is nervou about elect  
islamkil can our governor make us all a favour and close the borders? brussel
inminivanhel wcoley1959 then whi should onli women get tax dollar for it?
politweec did she deserv it?
"I don’t realli hate you, it’ just that if you were on fire, i’d roast marshmallows..."
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari contract with fineprint you have to sign at the gun point
when you both are mad but you both still wanna talk
Is that it cost $15 a month. world of warcraft. lol  thetroublewithaddict
take out deliveri thingsinventedwhilehigh
i’m sick of thi opposit between polic and black copswillbecop
"g_reichenbach sind sie der  meinung, dass wenn die jugendlichen nicht minderjährig wären, würden sie die cdu wählen?  jugendmitmerkel"
"offendeveryonein4word inbreed widespread in islam  inbreeding:impact on intelligence, sanity, health"
prayers4california they won't take our right to self-defens 
großer bahnhof für den kinofilm „sommerfest“ 
what would It take for the gop to rebuk trump?  polit
you'll lose your grip and slip hope
4/5 dnc busi modeldncleak 
"einer der merkelserfolg ist, dass sie überal auf der welt anerkannt ist! ihr meinung wiegt viel. ich werd sie wiederwählen"
"i’m with you, and I will fight for you, and I will win for you maga "
twittercanbeabit interest and bit mean sometim 
"you have to understand that gun don’t kill people, peopl do 2A tcot gardencityshoot"
kasich: I don't know if i'll vote for trump  polit
i have i feel i'll be see thi in gta 6 
live with sciatica  worstpaineverin3word
breaking!trump ha alreadi start deport immigr 
I oppos both the patriot act and the usa freedom act surveillanceday
doe donald trump want to also curb legal immigration? 
I want to live in safe world pleas god save us all! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
today it’ harri truman’ 132nd birthday! happybirthdayharrytruman 
fightingpandaco dnc lol hillary hillaryclinton weknow imnotwithh counteverydamnvot 
baitwatch fishtv midnight
freedom of speech? No I haven't heard baltimorevsrac
cultur enrich IN londonistan: 1 dead &amp; 6 injur in terror attack
how stupid it wa to let him go
If we look insid and embrac our true essenc we bless the sourc of life. -michael teal
"doe hillari have ani recollect of ask ""to bring super-pred to heel""? clintonsmemori flashbackfriday "
txjack69 trusselis dnc want to use him as an ace in the hole. acehole.
reminder: hillari took $150mil from muslim states! they total control her everi decision! 
bois man threaten black famili with knive befor school: ‘i’m go to cut some n****rs’nice haircut buddy.… 
cnn in a nutshell. from cnnleak we know cnn work with dnc but there sure more media work with dnc rig 
the incred bulk superoldhero
toavoidworki tell it i'm busi save money on my car insur by switch to geico.
histori foxnew lionk trumpbabi trump hillari imwithh cfb trumppence16 northcarolina florida pennsylva… trumpforpresid
".obama direct pentagon to target al-qaeda affili ""jabhat fateh al-sham"" in syria, one of the most formidable… "
"trump is nottheenemy, you, dumbasses!"
"pet meee,cuti  pet meee,cuti"
america ferrera break down whi latino trump support exist  |  
hillari clinton say donald trump built campaign on prejudic and paranoia  polit
A look at hack email from clinton’ campaign chairman  news
"On thi day in 1865, pres. lincoln sign the 13th amend outlaw slavery. celebr freedom today!  nationalfreedomday"
whi hillari clinton could win the presidenti race without ohio  polit
1hr til vote starts! i'm so excited! it' almost over! vote maga electionday … 

16-year-old girlbut aren't women and children of the religionofpeac 100% innocent?! 
"hamburg| bürgermeist olaf scholz sieht den g20-gipfel in der hansestadt al ""große herausforderung"""
"iamonfir “if you'r not fail everi now and again, it' a sign you'r not do anyth veri innovative.” ― woodi allen"
"obama call radio station to boost clinton turnout in fl, mi, paoutrageous!  electionday "
the dem want you to believ in hate! but time are changing!th hood is for trump. No question. 
demoocrat=deceptionappar a few peopl have doctor their credentials. 
"relax, busi guy! "
throw mama from the bullet train japanamovi midnight
cheapfella budgetmovi
valentinesdayin3word std
"shout ""you vote trump"" while beat a person is enough context itself "
icelebratetrumpwith call him a good boy 
nyc mayor warn trump: 'stop and frisk' will make thing wors  
"6-time olymp medalist kim rhode: shoot for history, countri and donald trumpmaga "
g.i. tract infect joe superoldhero midnight
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart store of the year
stopislam can refuge reviv america’ age population? islamkil
retireasongorband the who are you again?
reallifemagicspel coffeinum - make your morn not that shitti
pelosi: trump’ rig elect claim Is ‘irresponsible’  polit
dire straight - money for noth  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
Do it! trumpbecaus

ly mainstream media will never show you thi photo! hillarycoverageiscrap 
trumpbecaus I can't believ how you peopl can't stand realdonaldtrump get peopl to wake up. makeamericagreatagain 😡
соцсети нервно отреагировали на агитацию дональда трампа младшего 
It is liter true that you can succeed best and quickest by help other to succeed.
herculoid vs jerri falwel addcartoonstohistori midnight
"hey, libtards! rememb when hillari suggest obama assassination? oh, the media didn't tell you? trump2016 "
jeb bush know a lot about domest polici gopdebatesc
(at)moodnight cowtv midnight
i’m proud to call myself a citizen of the unit states! weareequ nationalfreedomday
purest inspir 2A tcot 
the media doesn't want you to see this! show thi pic to your liber friends!trumpindetroit 
there is a photo of protest when obama ban refuge from iraq in 2011 
.midnight teen toker stonedcomicbook
2017survivaltip rememb that there’ still someth wrong with our world 
vaccinateu fda  state that vaccin are safe
somedayidliketose trump' tax returns.
"the feder reserv and the""debasing"" of the canadian dollar"
man-mad global-warming? tri ice-ag uk:  tcot senatemajldr
happi texasindependenceday! 
"A cop fatal shot blackskinisnotacrime, and the aftermath wa on facebook live:  …"
inhonorof all those who never fear to defend freedom even at the cost of their live 
"boom!benghazi attack preventable, go after hillari legitimate.  podestaemail "
protectacelebfrom2016 from themselv 
"johnroedo everyon is beautiful, sometim we don't notic it at the first glance. sometim you need like a thousand of first glances..."
what aboot mimi? maketvshowscanadian
when obama hear about charlotteriot 
the kkk hand out vote remind with white life saversamerikkka racism 
"ppchistori the poor people' campaign wa creat on decemb 4, 1967"
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
"be neutral help oppressors, not their victims. blacklivesmatt "
islamkil whi do we let these terrorist scum do whatev they want?
clinton accus trump of have a ‘meltdown’ and be ‘unhinged’ in tweet storm of her own  polit
reallifemagicspel 'you'r not marri yet?' - stop ani interact you previous had with that person and make them…
christmasaftermath wish christma wa everi day
here what donald trump think of hedg fund manag
you know black fatherhood is magicbutr 
thingsyoucantignor  A retweet notif 
love thistrump support sing nation anthem in the pour raintru patriots! 
she danc like she drunk 
lizziehodgson01 it' time for hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  your pain will becom your funni and your funni will make peopl laugh and make peopl laugh make you happi
isn't gonna chang under the same regim votetrump trumpforpresid
"sheriff clark and Mr trump, peopl who can make america safe again! rncincl "
root for the oppos footbal team...whil hold a bottl of jim beam.  survivalguidetothanksgiv
"""merri christma and a very, very, veri , veri happi new year to everyone!"" ~ donald trumpchristmasmorn "
schweizer außenminist burkhalt tritt zurück 
"peter thiel: ""i'm proud to be gay. i'm proud to be a republican. most of all i'm proud to be an american"" rncincl "
tnmom4god ccot tweet your member OF congress all AT onc 
ificouldntli i'd never becom a trump' staffer
At least I know that I don't know love rap
maketvsexi   downtown on abbi
"hillary: I won’t Be indicted, there’ No basis; look for fbi To wrap thing Up asap! "
politweec turkey is in real danger
myemmynominationwouldb most flask smuggl into a theater or drive in
realdonaldtrump pleas show thi pic to your liber friend b/c msm will never show it! 
exclusive: top obama aid to take call for south china sea calm to beij  news
hillari is still on the race? I thought she’ in prison alreadi demdebatemiami 
badjudgmentin5word support those who stone women. 
"trump: france, other hit by terror may face more screen  polit"
martha stewart went to jail for lie to the fbi one time hillari clinton did it - 39 time 
dnc deleg now look like that. you still have a chanc to realli stop her! trump2016 
kawumamirundi ew gross
"clinton to visit charlotte, urg releas of polic video "
"trump, clinton: what to watch for in first debat  polit"
 ciara sherzing
court deal setback to gop vote restrict in 3 state 
cuomo: topless time squar women break the law
tcot  gun control isn’t necessari prayers4california
berni won’t live long enough to do someth signific as presid demdebatemiami
refuge have brought noth good to europ whi obama think it will be differ in the US islamkil brussel
"you can't expect me to be fine, I don't expect you to care."
obama want us to hate! teaparti teapartynew 
world' strangest man midnight oneletteroffsport
that is some straight up jame bond shit! brilliant versatil 
happybirthdaygeorgewashington It is better to be alon than in bad company. 
you are the averag of the five peopl you spend the most time with.
quentin tacontino fattenamovi
who are the nazi now?demsinphilli 
the front mitchel page.  athleticstvshow
more wise word you should read &amp; pay attentionthank clint eastwood!neverhillari 
maketvsexi sport bra center
imtoooldfor believ I can get my dream job
polit former seattl judg admit to misus park discount for year
bei einem schweren busunfal auf der A9 sind 18 menschen gestorben. ein furchtbar tragödie...
"igetdepressedwhen I get laid- post coitum omne animal trist est, you know..."
"gmo free, certifi organic, or fair trade certifi unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
newsblog: da war der morgen spiegelonlin am 29.6.2017  via spiegelonlin
A writer onli begin a book. A reader finish it.
"It make sensenato member want to have our defens but don't want to pay for itit doesn't work that way, buddi "
"how donald trump react to the n.j., nyc explos "
"If you bungl rais your children, noth els much matter in life. – jacquelin kennedi onassi"
you are success the moment you start move toward a worthwhil goal.
yes! twitter block pro trump account
thingstoknowabouttwitt onc you go twitter you can never go back!
she would provid school children better meal reasonmymomisbett
burn cooki i wa go to throw out. lastminutegifts2016
gopdeb nation secur is the top issu for us now and rubio ha great idea about it vegasgopdeb
"trump call clinton ‘the devil,’ say elect rig  polit"
what is he doing?? 
queeriou georg problematickidsshow
trump victori increas uncertainti for global economi 
I don't like maundi makemusicreligi
we'r not go to take It anymore! cannib on the part of pigs. tcot painslut induct norsefir ocra
"No matter how angri you get, you alway end up forgiv the peopl you love."
donald trump hit familiar chord befor first gener elect debat  news 
i`m frighten out of my senses! it like rat are run from the ship! phosphorusdisast
sheriff david clarke: ‘the best thing about the obama presid right now Is that it’ come to an end’ 
"breaking🚨 12 polic offic injur as ""peaceful"" protest erupt in charlotte!!! keithlamontscott "
wwe raw 4/8/13 john cena vs mark henri 
and we all should get high to toler thi elect cycl
"mhettu well, I disagree. I see you don't like them. OK then. anyth els you wanna share?"
mike penc refus to call david duke ‘deplorable’  news
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A factori pack parachut
trayvonmartin’ mother sybrina fulton speak with the mothersofthemov on stage at the dnc blm 
MT shooters_wife: the power of the american people... know no bounds.  cruzcrew pjnet
cnn poll of polls: clinton top trump by 10  polit
ador idea! 
let' make america great again!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
guns4ni If you give up tour gun tou'll have to watch your friend die some day
" wow, I didn`t know about it!!"
vet dy ON wait list illeg get billions❓ veteran alway come first❗️veteransday 
clinton 2016 VS romney 2012. basketofdeplor 
realdonaldtrump mike_p 👏👏👏
bark down the hous dogsong midnight
unwettergefahr in nrw noch nicht gebannt  via wdr
reflect befor you act. –mulan
you wake up in the morn never know if that' gonna be your last day . . guns4ni
boom💥green party' jill stein: hillari is far more danger than trump‼️spread this! 
they do everyth right! rich bitch! 
video : new trump Ad attack hillari for allow a “pervert” access to nation secur secrets… 
"strong peopl stand up for themselves, but stronger peopl stand up for others."
trumpbecaus wakeupamerica we need trump 🐒💩
gabbi dougla got a barbi after her ☺️
demndeb all democrat candid look pathet demdeb
"one-third of clinton support say trump elect is not legitimate, poll finds. you'r misus the word legitima… "
hillari clinton will be an end for america. never let democrat to disarm you! 2A neverhillari 
the speed of the leader is the speed of the gang.
istartcryingwhen I see still no blue check next to my name.
redhead?i like redhead lol 
amen 
"i'm sure a broke guy somewher is busi tri to impress my futur wife with expens gifts,keep it up dude  reasonsiaintinarelationship"
foke 9/11 famili will be abl to sue saudi arabia for billion after senat and hous overrid obama'...  foke
my mother use to say - everi man is handsom if he' wear a tie 👔 👔 👔
high school onc name for obama delay By cp fund deal 
everybodi ha gone through someth that ha chang them in a way that they could never go back to the person they onc were.
dnc 2016: mississippi flag remov from philadelphia after ...  |  
support hi proposal!
breaking: trump call paul ryan and told him to pull health care bill.th people' voic wa heard!
nanci o’dell: even the locker room no excus for trump 
i'd prefer to be forgotten rather than be rememb for thing like thisobamaslegaci 
blue gill fishtv midnight
becaus you’d BE IN jail. I guess thi is the moment when he won 
chrisspero1 it' real! 
clinton camp prepar for possibl trump won't conced 
"“the more corrupt the state, the more numer the laws.”"
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot e2 
2ndamendmentday who to call when they are against 2a?
"""no secretari of state ha been more wrong, more often and in more place than hillari clinton"" ~ donald trump "
... 
donald trump and mike penc add last-minut labor day campaign stop in northeast ohio  polit
"how wa I to know you'd break, you'd break my heart"
i'd like to take a moment to recogn all the patriot who help protect our country' freedom nationalfreedomday
I don't understand whi peopl like penni board 
merkel hat deutschland gerettet merkelmussbleiben
kain is wear a hillari pin in place of an american flag. all about hillari clinton not about america for them 
hillaryclinton you are liar!
she is a corrupt criminal. neverhillary“democrat convent draw anti-hillari protesters” by cynthiamhunt 
you son of a blee blob!
2017survivaltip watch cat pick
valentinesdayin3word hallmark greatest triumph
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
awwww yes…don`t stop! 
civil in declin are consist characteris by a tendenc toward standard and uniformity.
some inconveni fact for blacklivesmatterrt to spread awareness! 
realdonaldtrump thank you for bring hope to america!
american fall get polut water! all our fresh water is contamin with phosphorus!! phosphorusdisast
charact is how you treat those who can do noth for you. greatremind
that' just how liberallog work
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
god bless our young men and women stand readi to protect america from everi enemy. 
your real religi attitud to homosexu can now be shown in indiana. is it not freedom? prayforgay
"brussel islamkil dem' not happi with war be stop over sea's, desir to restart the war on american soil"
tofeelbetteri usual have a 
"are you insane, obama? We don't need syria' refuge show up here in the us! islamkil brussel"
iamonfir chow chow puppi can't jump  chow chow puppi can't jump
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! 
you'v gotta fight for a bite Of maaaaaarti songshannibalwoulds
"arizona sheriff ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who is go to defend america"" "
goptownhal ted cruz 8ft banner sign republican pjnet  tpp conserv 
telegraphnew for a reason?
cat are intend to teach us that not everyth in natur ha a purpose.  – garrison keillor
jenn_abram so funni
quot noth great wa ever achiev without enthusiasm. - ralph waldo emerson
- simpli red - sunris  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
zachhal realdonaldtrump that' fals
50 sentinel robothiphop midnight
flüchtling sind ein chanc unser land zu verjungen merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
when report ask an unscript question..debatenight debates2016 
allmalereboot midnight the sound of mansplain
jenn_abram never thought of it befor
valentinesdayin3word haramb is dead
"MT jstines3: make no mistake, thi is what tyranni look like! wakeupamerica tcot ccot  cosproject pjnet"
survivalguidetothanksgiv turkey isn’t just a food it’ also a muslim countri
associ press botch hillari clinton report and respons  |  
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart I love work for a wealthi billionair while being/stay on welfare.
barackobama GO TO louisiana!
hillari alway claim she support women right and yet she take money from countri that tortur women!👇 
breaking🚨 merkel promis more “refugees”! 
reasonstogetdivorc how hard is this? put the seat down. close the lid! 
live: anti-trump walkout at carl hayden HS  
how the trump and clinton tax plan would affect american 
stay out of my vagina unless I want you in there. thank you monaeltahawi for stand with plan parenthood and blacklivesmatter! tysm
He wa a secur 
trump: paster who interrupt me may have been setup
you can lead a hors to water. but you cannot make it drink.
the economist надеется на победу клинтон!uselections2016 election2016 
danc move that don't match the music pt. 1 jack and jack 
hous vote to halt guantanamo detaine transfer 
bae watch summeramovi 
eye ON 'black lives' 'mother of the movement' support clinton at dnc:  
hahahahahahaha 
"anger is our natur defens against pain. So when I say I hate you, it realli mean 'you hurt me'"
шутка на тему здоровья хиллари клинтон 
obama to talk IS fight at pentagon as US expand libya role  news
"A broken nail, good mood away, damn damn it!!"
idontneedacostumebecaus make a costum of a happi person is imposs and I wanna be one
fresh off the sail boat midnight olympictv
trump' letter from the doctor thingsinventedwhilehigh
potuslasttweet I hear voices.. 
realdonaldtrump hmm🤔 did you wonder how the clinton went from zero to $300 million on a govern salary?! 
"there are no mistak in life, onli lesson to learn."
MT datagenesis: jesu carri the cross. we'v got to carri the ball. fca ccot  supportcoachkennedi pjnet
total agree! 
speech ha to be free. censorship cost everyon nocybercensorship
sli and the all in the famili stone addabandtoatvshow
"regret and mistakes, they'r memori made."
breaking: anti trump protest are block traffic on the way to trump tower in nyc.it' not a protest but a ri… 
realdonaldtrump hillari wear heavi coat - in august!someth is serious wrong with hillaryshealth 
your opinion is almost as bad as your eyebrow
'caus i'm not fine at all.
drunkband the last call midnight
messag that i total approve! hillari clinton for prison!rncincl 
anti-hillari protest at dncinphldemsinphilli neverhillari 
which trump support did clinton call 'deplorable'?
jenn_abram 😆😆😆😆😆😆
hooligan verletzten 15 polizisten bei nächtlichen randalen in magdeburg
beat a person becaus he vote for a candid you don't like?what a peac trumpprotestpeopl are just exe… 
signsyouareamerican you think your countri is the greatest in the world
"trumpbecaus A pro look at the people, becaus they know busi is about peopl 👲🏿👰🏿💩"
it' easi to blame gun when arm guard cover your ass2a 
donald trump tri to backtrack after critic famili of...  |  
religionofpeac 
danger situat in ukraine! I hate peopl be so brute! fukushimaagain chernobyl2015
reallifemagicspel red wine is good for your heart. turn you into an alcahol
you look for him. He see right through you. subhanallah. jumnah mubarak. oscarformuhammad oscarnom
"herman cain:  ""stop misrepres donald trump as a racist, lie onli undermin your argument."" "
action are louder than words. except for the twist liber upside-down media control world… 
thankyouobama for help the muslim world 
I bet hillary' campaign is work overtim now search airlin ticket to anywher without extradition.. 
fait plaisir aux femm en leur offrant de fleurs! bon journéedelafemm à tout le femmes!iwd2017… 
venu william verursacht tödlichen autounfal 
what would a trump-putin bond look like?  polit
"presid obama hope nation anthem protest ‘spark’ discuss on race, other concern  news"
all licens handgun owner urg to carri in NY counti guns4ni
derayformayor 
« rich do not exhilar us so much with their possess as they torment us with their loss. » epicuru
"Ad of the week: donald trump’ ‘movement’ ad: posit message, subtl dig  news "
MT gerfingerpoken2:  about obama' gun-fre zone hypocrisi - whi isn't WH one?  2A nra pjnet
they gave cam mvp so they can give peyton man anoth ring befor he go staywok lol
taco are life
😿 sad for no reason
beyonc fact 
gopdeb No doubt republican make the best leader   vegasgopdeb
jenn_abram whoa that' nice!
daili remind 
"2⃣ the window (/•_•)/ 2⃣ the wall \(•_•\) 'til the 💦 drip down my 🏀🏀, 'til all deez 👩👩 crawl. aww 🎿🎿🎿🎿🎿🎿."
nyt editori board endors clinton  polit
sleep is good but book are better. iamonfir
famousmelaniatrumpquot  rnc2016  gopconvent  overheardatrnc  rncincl  michellediditbett 
they`r too hot! 
strongest woman I ever met momin5word
istartcryingwhen haramb die lmao
antonio brown break ankl 😎😎 
 be calm and mighty!
hillaryclinton ye hillary! addict is a disease.. 
video: chao on the street of london: muslim riot against the police!w will have the same under hillary! 
"trump at voter valu summit in washington, d.c. promis to repeal johnson amendment. "
"poem about ""green energy"", a la seuss:  keyston energi green liberti pjnet 1"
the terrorist who ha kill russian ambassador in turkey
rubm sexysport midnight
We have 2 problems:muslim who keep attack us everi day liber who keep call them peaceful!… 
guest editorial: bhillari clinton email issue: A self-inflict wound
how to calcul crowd estimates; primer for what' realist in advanc of the republican nation convent (...  cleveland polit
meet the constitut is pure hypocrit garbage! where wa the nyt when conserv activist were get kicked… 
tread veri care mybedroomin3word 
If you just realiz what I realiz then we would be perfect for each other and we'll never find anoth
An authent life is the most person form of worship. everyday life ha becom my prayer.  – sarah ban breathnach
pledg of allegi had to be put on teleprompt at dncconvent what an embarrassment! demsinphilli dncinphl 
vivelafra ladygaga ohmygosh... whi is thi surpris anyone?? hillary4prison maga trumppence16 trumpforpresid
 freaky)))
hillaryforprison2016 jordotdick  trumpforpresid
"To control spring break, florida citi ban beach drink "
kkk is over?th number of kkk group in america more than doubl last year say new report 
japanamovi you'v arigato mail midnight
MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
warning: hillari rig vote In texas! here’ how trump want you To fight it…  
did donald trump just suggest 'second amend people' should assassin hillari clinton? 
amazing!!!! 
".katrinapierson: ""they have blame everyone, everi week it' a new blame.""'th taint election' "
whatihatein5word choos between clinton and trump
cruz career over: lyin’ ted refus entri into adelson’ parti – boo in rnc hallway 
"guten morgen mein lieben! Es ist donnerstag, und da bedeutet, dass freitag und wochenend bald sind 😊😉"
stonedcomicbook As comic are drama represent use imag and text or just imag i'd say: ham let ghost -from classic illustr
jennif lopez and marc anthoni join up in miami for a hillaryclinton concert 
realdonaldtrump he is run away from hi ex-support 
new poll show hillari lose ground In key state 
"hey y'all how 'bout our veri own texa elect system? oh, someth must be done first... um... texit?… "
"the best mind are not in government. If ani were, busi would hire them away."
polic again today: beat up a 15 year old girl after a bicycl accid 
when a person send me friend request just after an hour i met them for the first time. igetalittleweirdabout
penc tri to win over conserv despit trump gaff  polit
obama' immigr polici is the end of the begin  slaveryofspeech
джордж буш младший и его жена лаура проголосовали за клинтонelectionday electionnight
"interest explan of ""winning""check your vocabulari "
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust hillari clinton to walk my dog around the block.."" "
americanhistoryisblack 
"well, flotu say her husband wa born in kenya birther "
"did you know? In 2013, obama dh releas more that 36,000 convict crimin aliens...   highcrim   tcot   "
"even with union attendance, veri small crowd for hillari in reno… america isn't a hellhol "
russia’ putin: moscow is not meddl in US elect  news
you bitch. your ass mustbeban danageezu
don't forget that one of them will be our command In chef debat 
topnew tangl over guest worker trap louisiana crawfish trade 
"despit the gift of trump, democrat struggl to win back congress  polit"
politweec he' too old for thi shit
I simpli can't disagre with him. 
"and we'r a long way gone,down thi wild road we'r on,it’ go to take us where we'r bound,it’ just the long way around.-jackson brown"
driver use cardboard trump head in carpool lane  polit
there will Be cum  dickflick midnight
trump link death of dwyan wade' cousin to blac...  via news |  
"noth new about hillary, same s*it demdeb demdebatemiami"
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
I love  ulstercosheriff guns4ni
thug beat polic offic – doesn’t notic patriot pull out hi gun… ashad russel is a hero! 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart  ""i'll respect that the jewelri counter and dress room are not open after 10pm and not get a hissi fit."""
"jeffunscript here you could'v googl it yourself, you know"
take on pass on uncl leatherface' bake ham.   survivalguidetothanksgiv
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
"broaddrick, willey, jone to bill' defenders: these are crimes, ‘terrified’ of ‘enabler’ hillary… "
brussel islamkil voxday islamkil 
clinton aid pagliano will not testifi befor congress: lawyer  polit
"somehow, you'r still alway late to work.  timetravelerproblem midnight"
"It last five day and had around 8,000 participants. selmatomontgomery1965 "
"peopl who attack melania trump for 'plagiarizing' michel obama' speech, didn't hillari plagiar bernie' bil… "
calebmaupin I want flower too🌺
alway borrow money from a pessimist. He won’t expect it back.💚
"oust from fox, roger ail advis donald trump in debat prep  polit"
"nfl legend jim brown on meet donald trump: ""I fell in love with him"" "
when love is good it can make you fly. win it is worth the risk. peopl fall in love and glow for weeks.
work on wednesday worstpaineverin3word
jenn_abram that' the point
doctor: I wrote trump' bill of health in 5 minut  polit |  
how is thi acceptable??????? 
10 reason 2vote for ted cruz -- whi cruz should Be the republican nomine --  pjnet ccot
don't miss our game start now:
"warren make case for clinton,  derid trump as selfish  polit"
"don't need security, I got my own gun"
donald trump' campaign manag admit 'we are behind:' polit extra  polit
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm run while you can , He still love her ."
"yankeesman1 rupertstiglitz inkofsquid you see, the delet key is so conveni locat"
"lastminutegifts2016 bourbon. michter' prefer  I mean, we'r talk about gift for me, right? "
i got a burnin' feel pretti
igetdepressedwhen i'm out of wine 
that' the leader america need the most maga 
huski are the best singers! 
"trump, clinton stump In midwest On labor day "
fact-check the 1st gener elect debat  polit
A littl blue dot Is irrit nebraska’ gop  polit
mlk' daughter Is 'disgusted' By trump' assassin comment  |  
"childrenthinkthat ask to see if there' someon in the closet never stress us out. you'r wrong, stop do that!"
"trump make fun of gop oppon to donors: politico, wash post  polit"
"If you say you can't vote trump, rememb that isi didn't exist until these 3 show up. tcot maga "
obama honor nba champ at white hous  
the second amend issu date: 12/15/1791expir date: none2a neverhillari tcot 
I request all indian to go out and vote tomorrow.  trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"onc you go black, you can never go trump gopdeb vegasgopdeb"
funni black metal commerci from finland 
thi is the moment the parliament terror attack suspect is wheel into an ambul after be shot by policedam… 
orang is the new black sabbath. addabandtoatvshow
obamastoptpp fuck that! rage against the machine!! votegreen jillstein neverhillari trumpforpresid
wake up everyday seem a littl excess iamonfir
bill belichick
jenn_abram that' gonna be a total mess
"when you make a commitment, you build hope. when you keep it, you build trust."
"insid hillari clinton’ outrag machine, alli push the button  news "
"giuliani: ""clintonfdn wa a slush fund for the clinton polit machine."" "
watch: over 5k hindu american turn out to see trump in new jersey!but deafen silenc from the media..… 
"In clinton, dem see hope for gun control  polit"
i’m shock these two are actual consid as presidenti candid demdebatemiami
trumptrain trump teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
"icelebratetrumpwith blame third parti voters. I have to blame someone, right?"
place all our hope on materi develop is clearli mistaken
the evil bastard kill even pastor. that’ intoler hatecrim charlestonshoot
"donald trump: ""how quickli peopl have forgotten that hillari clinton call black youth 'super predators.'"" iowa "
lol thought thi wa rc car 
wakeupamerica don't let yourself fall for trick like this. 
realdonaldtrump that' for surebut thi fact doesn't make you a hero
realdonaldtrump msm will never show you thi pic!spread it far &amp; wide! 
donald trump give bill' victim A voice! that' pretti cool! women4trump debat 
what is your blood type?makesexawkwardin5word
It would not be so much nois on the matter if it wa the first time prayers4california
islamkil csmelnix it' not bigotri ur speaking. it' common sense. islamkil stopislam
accord to hillari clinton these men are racists.. 
"I must govern the clock, not be govern by it.  – golda meir"
texa youth footbal team to continu protest anthem despit dead threat 
will trump strike a grand bargain with china?  
Oh you didn't Oh no you didn't! 
valentinesdayin3word what a crock.
"while khan talk peace, trump tweet against him  polit"
trumpbecaus he can solv all the problem 🌰💪🏼
"donald trump, forget slaveri and jim crow, claim black a...  |  "
"huma abedin, closest hillari clinton advisor, mock benghazi. disgrac of america dncleak hillary4prison "
watch trump get interrupt By protest over and over again  polit
...not that kind of a douch bag who'd burn the american flag he fought undermakeamericagreatagain 
we'r so excited! 15 min to go!
otherthingstodoin6second i'm sorri you live in a state where everyth you like is illeg
I think I see you usa imho
"clinton ha small lead in wis., feingold’ lead larger: monmouth  polit"
jenn_abram that leav hope potenti life
"If she' crying, don't say anything. just hug her."
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt a positive.."" ~ ingrahamangl "
hmm🤔 whi the media keep silent on hillari sell off 20% of US uranium to russia?hillarycoverageiscrap 
mayb just give it a book jacket? makeabookwarm midnight
merkel bedeutet deutschland merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
hillari for prison  2016electionin3word 
myfarewellwordswouldb let' get drunk! 
trump dismiss gop call to quit race: ‘never’  news
".ivankatrump: “mi father can’t stand incompet &amp; he ha a veri clear &amp; strong vision for…thi country"" "
doubl tap if that man got hops! 
"realdonaldtrump if mexico is unwil to pay for it, it could take all it peopl away from our country!"
'the theme for the 2016 dnc convent is hug-a-thug' ~ sheriff david clarkedemsinphilli 
black thug kill cop is not about black people' rights. it' about sorosagenda 
topvideo dnc chairwoman liken trump to dictat 
absente ballot applic for novemb elect are in the mail  polit
offbook onewordoffbook midnight
welcom sign in cleveland downtown! don't believ the liber media!👍👍rncincl 
topnew muslim famili of fallen u.s. soldier driven to oppos trump
golden toilet paper? wasteamillionin3word
pennsylvania ha the power to end corruption!!!  get out there and vote and bring your friends!!! maga … trumpforpresid
_nickluna_ jenn_abram I feel veri sorri for you then
"that what' go on when media claim jihadist are victims, not crimin"
topvideo clinton feel 'great' after be 'overheated' 
welovemandown SO much!
сенатор от штата юта призывает дональда трампа покинуть президентскую гонку 
rejecteddebatetop procrastin
".adamgoodman3: ""leader are known best for what they do in crisis. donald trump came up big today.""whereshillari "
renamemillionwomenmarch =    I want IT all march
"obama fault 'misinformation' from fox news, rush l...  polit |  "
"texa man arrest after wear trump hat, shirt to vote "
dnc speaker quot dumbledor in search of unity: with tension run high at the democrat nation conve... 
all day and tomorrow i'll spend with my girlfriend
imtoooldfor find dori 
obama administr to end use of privat prison  polit
i’ll miss you when I wake up. –alic (alic in wonderland)
how the billi west wa won addcartoonstohistori midnight
you won't believ what' in your food. you probabl ate one of these today. check these now!
lapd offic stomp black man after he' surrenderedopen your eyes! polic brutal is real! 
the histori of the democrat parti tcot pjnet 
maketvsexi magnum pi xl condom
'donald trump domin thi evening' debate. don't think hillari clinton ever realli got going' ~ nigel farage… 
"In leak emails, powel call trump a 'nation disgrace' "
giftideasforpolitician satan' circl 
"eastwood said he'd vote for trump b/c hillari clinton ""gonna follow in obama’ footsteps."" "
i’ll look into the sky badday
"rnc notebook: In trump’ accept speech, attack on big business, trade  busi"
meanwhil in flint... flintwatercrisi continu as gov. snyder hesit to fulfil a court order to deliv bo… 
forev wish I could pull off a short hairstyl like thi 😍
liber are freak out that hillarysbodydoubl is trending😂 
everyon get out
ihaveadreamthat my TV would stop tell me what to do 
myemmysnominationwouldb fund a narr contemporari or a fantasi program 
obama point to stride in veterans’ health care  news
"trump, in rare admission, note mistak on iran video  news"
"trump univers judg to limit some witnesses, allow other  polit"
 take care!
 watch wasn`t in vain
more insight into the savag violenc import by illeg aliens:  tcot jerrymoran
beat bobbi cramer athleticstvshow
trump meet with new hispan council in bid to broaden support  polit
kain and penc set to debat in farmvil 
ресурс buzzfe ожидает победу трампа в южной каролинеelectionnight election2016 
miami develop moish mana will donat $1 million if donald trump releas hi tax return  polit
thi meme.  thingsinventedwhilehigh 
trump say presidenti debat shouldn't compet with nfl  polit
igetdepressedwhen peopl ignor the facad of democraci that we are fed
"If you want a monarchy, there are plenti of differ countri you can move to "
icantbeurfriendbecaus you refus to admit that hillaryclinton misl congress and commit perjury. neverhillari nevertrump teamgov
MT 911usa1: obama - good is evil and evil good! wildbillusa tcot teaparti  wakeupamerica pjnet
dp talk mexico partnership after trump' visit 
trump is win and I can't stop think about one thingwil he inherit potu twitter account?electionnight
the light move sideway and up and down true love
wait to see if leonardo will win an oscar tonight iamonfir
"topvideo trump: ""I am a victim"" "
watch: a 68yo man wa brutal attack by a hillari support for tri to stop him from burn the american flag 
mighti morphin power ranger problematickidsshow midnight
myanmar' suu kyi call for invest after obama pledg sanction relief  news
"""I wa honor to captur the moment of my best friend reunit with her u.s. airman for christma 🇺🇸❤️"""
"""rape melania"" is the real face of feminists. you'r not better than isi who execut and enslav everyon who does… "
usss is not secret! everyon know about it! serviceofnosecret
"well you do what you do and you pay for your sins, and there’ no such thing as what might’v been, that’ a wast of time. timmcgraw"
"nigel farage: ""hillari clinton want thing to stay the same.. donald trump' gonna chang it. vote trump!""maga… "
giftideasforpolitician veget and milk
thingstobeashamedof billoreilli receiv $25million from fox after sexual harass women AT fox for countless years.
order takeout. stay home. repeat everi year. survivalguidetothanksgiv
thi weekend' gonna be just fine 😄
messi pile asf mybedroomin3word
PS your obsess with that girl on the varsiti soccer team is more than jealousy. fuck the boy
gop leader alarm about remov of tennesse histori 
msm will never show thi pic.. keep say onli white attend trump rallies. 
freedom to write
I bet you haven't forgotten that our hashtag game via giselleevn start in 30 minutes! 
MT love4military: respect our military... they fight  for your right to be free. godbless  wakeupamerica pjnet
"post-debate, clinton take the lead  polit "
accord to a new poll 21% of voter are not go to vote for neither clinton nor trump 
just focu on how good the good is. think of all the surround nois as charli brown' parent survivalguidetothanksg…
stephjenz hello! I think everybodi should know it. wada leak told us a lot more than we want 
"""we should onli admit into thi country, those who share our valu &amp; respect, our country."" votetrump "
turn twitter trumpforpresid
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics'keithlamontscott charlott 
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
open bar today  3wordsbetterthanilovey
iamonfir some girl were just born with glitter in their vein
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot  
clever_dov so right! media is make zombi out of us
He hasn't been wrong about islam multipl times. He lie about islam multipl times!resignobama niceattack 
democrat in control for decad are total destructive! 
hillarysolymp is actual obama olymp 3rd time in a row. 
"""thi is the greatest period of corrupt in modern american history."" ~ newtgingrich "
jeb bush gave a damn about climat chang lashbush
secondhandgift pregnanc test from jesu 
"two women arrest in miami, charg with voter fraud "
watch how rapefuge treat women! thank to obama admin for start to bring them here! 
trumpbecaus mrtrump bring our countri back from the edg of cliff
dnc sorri after campaign bu dump sewag  news
make it obviou what kind of presid hillari is gonna make when you see what method she use to win… 
"""I wa born a poor black child...""a I expect 20 is gold "
"""oh, the place you'll glow!"
"Es ist mir immer angenehm die blumen zu bekommen, aber wenn da ein überraschung ist,dann ist es zweifach angenehm… "
 via spiegelonlin
"""nois of the lamb"
_makada_  We the peopl will show them after the elect is over :)
who you gonna call? holi ghostbusters. makemusicreligi
"I don't care who wa ""before"" me, as long as I know there' nobodi ""during"" us. iamonfir"
pizza gif  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
you can never be overdress or overeducated. - oscar wild iamonfir
christma carol by cat 
"deuteronomi are everything, the sweetest song that I can sing... makemusicreligi"
ilove__butihate__ bourbon corn juice.
mike penc campaign with an eye on hi own futur  news |  
sometimestwittermakesm stay up way too late 
too bad there are no such welfar program like in america there so they could sit on their ass and bitch around… 
czech financ minister' parti jump in poll after region elect victori  world news
reasonstogetdivorc she refus to lose weight... 
"merkel nennt würzburg-attack ""unfassbar grausam tat"" merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi"
ail help trump ahead of presidenti debat  polit |  
at&amp;t-tim warner wouldn’t Be ok’d by My adminstration: trump  polit
thefirst100daystodolist show thi to as mani peopl as possibl 
czech coalit keep major in senat elect but leader' parti suffer  news
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari jare fogl ..  daycar oper
"with russia a campaign issue, clinton gain on foreign affair  polit"
anoth set of mainstream produc now. 
barbar dakota access oil polic caus mass hypothermia use water cannon (1/2) 
jarmadillo I think you'r readi to do it without ani audit
I can't decid which spice girl I want to impregnate.  mynewcatchphrasei
'stop blame police': bishop wellington boon say black live matter ha it all wrong. 
opposit hat demaizièr wegen seiner kritik an ngo im mittelm attackiert. opposit verliert den verstand!
A memori sign mark the place where emmett till' mutil bodi wa discov is riddl with bullet holes. T… 
ami schumer issu sarcast apolog over trump comment  news
 real professionals!
ificouldntli i'd resist af
hacker target elect system of 20 state  news
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari unsaf sex with a homeless
ситуация по голосованию на данный момент довольно равнаяelectionday electionnight 
thi is so dumb!liberallog 
myemmynominationwouldb most like to die in game of throne
enabl hillari action speak louder than trump’ word - flop ace -  maga pjnet 111 htt… trumpforpresid
left best weapon is their ident polit of divide-and-conquer! 
pleas sign and share my petit
"pussi is my addiction, your is like cocain  – lloyd bank"
"it' as tough as choos between trump and hillary, but it' love, not hate"
lastminutegifts2016 dollar store giift card
tonight demdebate’ hot topic is economy. but what do they know about it?  demndeb
minor lawyer thought leadership need to integr digit and print media for greatest reach blackpressday 
whenitimetravel I get a facial over haul 
freeassang hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
vital problem are now blind by these gay marriages! itsok2begay
norleansdaili just shut up and go away
"good morning, patriots! our belov america will alway remain the land of the free and the home of the brave! "
jenn_abram serious?
black creat blacklivesmatt to kill copspatriot need black rifl matter to protect ourselv 
jenn_abram stevestammet noth will happen actual
north carolina gop condemn kkk parad honor president-elect donald trump 
trump' soften immigr plan harden again 
drunkbands. M C hammer
"igetdepressedwhen I see children with incur ill , tear me up, they have the strongest will and the most posit outlook"
drug can’t be safe for life junkieu
that field goal wa gonna go in mega man use that mind power to shift the ball staywok
lol 
prayer are with those in sanbernadino. It is so tragic that so mani hate act of violenc occur so frequent  prayers4california
hmm🤔 trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari for president! 
"your belief don't make you a better person, your behavior does. walkthetalk"
stopislam how could terrorist get into a subway with all that suicid west stuff? islamkil
"dnc 2016: schedule, speakers, how to watch, what to expect from hillari clinton in philadelphia"
overheardatthewishingwel I realli wish my cat did not get into my viagra 
boycott nba on abc 4wordgreatidea
hillari said we didn't lose one person in libya.. seem she doesn't know that benghazi is in libya...nbcnewsforum 
iamonfir love yourself is no differ than love someon else.
michel obama ralli with hillari clinton and the offic of the first ladi reach a high water mark  polit
nooooooo! 
2016electionin3word realiti check: fail
Do Me (until matlock come on) retireasongorband 
"donald trump impersonator, jackman radio, at the 2016 rnc (video): comedian and donald trump impersonator, jackm...  cleveland polit"
senatorbox will somebodi do someth to protect us from phosphoru contamin in the american falls?
leav earli survivalguidetothanksgiv
clinton-trump showdown: presidenti debat or fight club? 
trump on ailes: 'A lot of peopl are think he' go to run my campaign': trump said “a lot of peopl are... 
democrat everywher are scrambl after what trump just did To hillari In florida!  
"you, girls, make me crazy! 😡"
NC trump staffer resign amid lawsuit alleg he...  via news |  
iran’ president: trump can’t undo nuclear deal  
"As sun and cloud give way to moon and shadow, the rhythm of the world make itself apparent, saying, have faith in yourself, you are this."
"ihavearighttoknow whi we are so will to dislik someon complet over simpl things. ""I hate republicans. I hate republicans."" geez."
black voter told “nigger get out!” in alterc outsid a michigan poll placeelectionnight blacklivesmatt 
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel 
wearhoodiefortrayvon WE are trayvon! wearealltrayvon
🐩 goe woof🐈go meow🐏leak top secret📧 emojiaweekend
"dr. michael eric dyson: instead of obama address black issues, He use ‘escap hatch’ "
"MT markalmost: washington didn't use free speech, he use guns. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet"
"you alreadi have your own award, stop whine oscarhasnocolor oscar"
witch! 
drunkband midnight blackout sabbath
midnight fishtv downton albacor
трамп в мексике встретится с ее президентом 
hahaeveryon can be replac 
Be like melt snow  – wash yourself of yourself.  – rumi
"If you got no breaks, seatbelt won't save you"
I would love to be that car 
"gaymarriag ssm 'gay cake' case: asher bakeri appeal discrimin decision: last year, a...  uniteblu tcot"
icelebratetrumpwith uuuug pizza and I will begin eat it from the crust
fun fact: it' 2 month till the elect day and I still don't believ there'r peopl who support hillari for free
trump' shrink trade appeal evid in north carolina 
granholm not pursu dnc top post  polit
"say it loud, veri loud- I am black, I am smart, I am queen, I am proud! "
"clinton' spend big on olymp tv ads, trump air none  | "
itsriskyto miss a singl hashtag game
"cancelplansin5word can't make it, at war! "
anger doesn't make thing easier. tear wouldn't bring back what' been gone. that' whi smile is alway the best reveng
watch cointelpro 101 (2010) onlin via doccupi
the womensmarch is the worst thing that ha ever hapen to our countryit repres are crimin and ter… 
gun control to combat radic islam terrorism? lol. brilliant  prayers4california
clinton' turn: guid to the democrat nation convent  |  
the holi bubbl midnight onewordoffbook
"myfarewellwordswouldb i'm sorri that my countri can feed 10k syrian refugees, but can't take care of 50k homeless… "
pain is noth compar to what it feel like to quit. -unknown
the bbq next time summeramovi midnight
former rival david perdu and jack kingston buri the hatchet f...  |  
trump back off fals iran video claim  polit |  
the war is here!  thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency..… 
supremesacrificeday We should never forget about peopl who fight for our freedom
By vote for hillari you vote for corrupt 
johnni coward-o problematickidsshow midnight
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
"trump to call for more defens spending, outlin defens ...  news |  "
giftideasforpolitician pokemon Go 
If you bought chees At target Or walmart… you could Be In seriou danger  pjnet tcot ccot 
"whi should you care, what they think of you?"
queen upset trump use 'we are the champions' - again  polit
big pharma chameleon conspiracysong midnight
readi for a great parti thi weekend!
magstaylor123 black men alway get longer terms...
mynewcatchphrasei come back imagidamn ! the cpc_tags420 miss you.
"obama' speech, trump' plea to russia: our 5 craziest moment from day 3 of dnc  polit"
"berni say nazi wipe out hi father family. you know the nazis, aka the nation socialist german worker parti demdebatemiami"
dead men don't wear pant filmsaboutforgettingyourp
A pup name waterloo addcartoonstohistori
when will you address violenc from polic and univers secur toward students? wearhoodiefortrayvon
let’ not let our govern make it easier for crimin to live! protect your 2A rights! 2ndamendmentday
clinton campaign say russian are behind dnc email hack  polit
the reason I am for gay marriag is becaus of my faith. god love everyon equally! gaylovematt
ihavearighttoknow where my pant are
obama issu record-break 214 commut 
fight for freedom! tcot pjnet 
will the amish come out and vote for donald trump? 
beunclassyin4word let' share the bill
msail17 fsuwin1 truthfeednew thank for spread thi anti-presidenti propaganda in my feed. I laugh
that rose to butler alley oop 
breaking! pic of trump grab a pussi revealedtrumptap 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm coin thi term
realdonaldtrump...gump 
icelebratetrumpwith A new wig? 
"""moder syrian opposition"" alreadi sent a gift to potu .happi 55th birthday! "
"nude trump sculptor may do the same for hillari clinton, web report  polit"
clinton propos doubl child tax credit for kid 4 and under  polit
stay proud! lawenforcementappreciationday 
coldwar20_en wow
hillari potter and the foundat hallow makeamoviehillari
trump support kick out of ralli becaus of hi skin color  break
hillari want to becom not a presid but a queen demdeb demdebatemiami 
makesexawkwardin5word can we invit your parent
"cheese, not exactly, but kinda sqeezi shit like that"
worri is a down payment on a problem you may never have.
lostin3word what electr bill?
"If thi isn't a sign from above, then I don't know what is. "
who said night were for sleep?
melania trump speech follow opening-day discord at republican convent  polit
nocybercensorship adblock replac ad with anti-censorship messag
finally! 
maketvshowsaustralian thewalkingdrunk
trump support 'stop and frisk' 
the day X is coming!
"nizza ist nur ein zeichen, den terrorismu gemeinsam zu bek�mpfen deutschland   frankreich! merkelmussbleiben"
"«your attitude, not your aptitude, will determin your altitude.» zigziglar"
"ruinadinnerinonephras everyone, meet my new bf "
elahi got 35 year of prison for kill mathew chew caus he and hi friend were bored. did chew' life matter to… 
thingstobeashamedof america first 
leorollcal hog_wash44 veteran are true hero of america. too bad our govern often forget about them
polit behind the scenes: imag from the gop nation convent
video : fbi sourc say indict like for clinton  
transcript: hillari clinton accept presidenti nomin at the democrat nation convent  polit
celebr my freedom today.  nationalfreedomday
"survivalguidetothanksgiv remind my dad to bring condescension, mom - her disappointment, me - xanax"
20% of hillary' campaign ha been fund by a countri that still execut peopl for be gay.imwithhernow 
south perch fishtv midnight
be drunk is a good disguise. I drink so I can talk to assholes. thi includ me.
" oh, I fell in love!"
breaking: fbi just reveal huuug find in clinton investigation! get readi for presid trump…… 
I don't carri a gun becaus i'm paranoid
"death toll for usa' yesterday' ""stunt"" in deirezzor rise to 90, 7 russian kill  "
idontneedacostumebecaus I have thi match costum crap
prayers4california 2A guarante the individu right to own a gun. prohibit gun will violat our right and freedom
"whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’r right."
mani 2016 voter don't know team clinton trash white hous In 2001 -here' the gao report 
"the truth hurts, but lie are worse."
"tire of hear ""polic offic sacrific their famili time for us""! they sacrafic other famili live for no reason …"
"utah poll: trump 30%, clinton 28% "
"sheriffclarke: ""if isi ha seiz on anything, it' been the weak of obama."" "
butterfli everi time you come around
"friend are born, not made.  – henri adam"
"hildebeest forgot she left the benghazi hero to die, it end the election... "
the_intercept I don't feel sorri for them
2 polic offic shot in san diego
"gameoverro A nazi asshole. but he actual help the cia captur che guevara. that' right, the US intellig servic employ him"
fightfor15 should follow mlk step and start a march to washington ppchistori
"reagan rate as best presid of modern era, guess who is worst?  pjnet tcot rednationris obama"
... 
trump soft on immigration?; freddi mercuri get asteroid (10 thing to know for tuesday) 
"islamkil also, whi would we subject our citizen to danger right now instead of protect them? brussel"
renamemillionwomenmarch   I don’t want to work and I want free stuff march
maketvshowsaustralian skippi the bush barbecu
flotu michel obama rock like queen bey in carpool karaok with jame corden. 
"everyon want to lead a happi life, a meaning life. In order to fulfil thi goal our practic should be realistic."
Go out and vote today! hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"rat in hats, of course!  darylont thingspeopleontwitterlik "
feminist hitchhik through middl east to prove muslim are peaceful.got raped&amp;murd insteadwomensequalityday 
MT lacy0902: whi are there more homeless veteran then illeg aliens? wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
but let me repeat it onc again: global warm is a bigger threat than isi 
hillari threaten us with the world war iii. tri to blackmail the entir world! 
"whi author jame patterson is kill hi novel, 'the murder of stephen king'; can trump control temper? (10 ... "
happybirthdayharrytruman don’t let them bring the battl to us! 
just imagin outcri if dylan roof' father attend trump' rally. father of orlando terrorist at hillary's? noth 
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus we get in to relationship for all the wrong reason
texa democrat indict for buy vote with cocain   tcot pjnet ccot wakeupamerica rednationris
jimdorman5 couldn't agre more!
thi wa not creat by russian hackers!enough of that nonsense!maga 
my2017resolut make my friend understand the concept of hashtag game
nocybercensorship malaysia - end cybercensorship and the crackdown against hundr of critics. freedomofexpress
supercut: rnc day 2 in 3 minut  polit
can you beliv it? 😂😭 
manta ray-sier fishtv midnight
if your guitar' in hock sad
trump campaign want ‘no waffling’ or ‘week knees’ from hous gop  polit
democrat nation convent day 2: arizona' 102-year-old deleg embrac civil-right hero  polit
woffordn I wish happi and health to your grandson and all your family!!! he' awesome!
let' have a party! internationalteaday teaparti theteaparti 
"A man who can think for himself, can't be label and put into certain group which democrat desper want "
2016electionin3word hillari for prison 
your time ha come
trump face fresh gop pushback despit bid to reset campaign  news
"cdu – da heißt für merkel, in die heutig gesellschaft zu übertragen merkelmussbleiben"
street 
mike penc hint at trump' muslim ban extend to other religion 
lyingcrookedhillaryunfitbitch hillaryforprison2016 strongerwithouth neverhillari emailscand hillarysemail #… trumpforpresid
buzzfe 13 valentine' day card for peopl who are bad At feelings: “I don’t dislik you”....  uniteblu tcot
today we want to say our prayers4california and ask author not to violat our constitut with their anti-gun bs
I don't think it is a proper way to claim for justice. agree?teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
dead fish wash On shore puzzl counti resid  
macy' won't bring back trump cloth line  
the latest: penc condemn clinton' 'deplorables' comment 
ccot the corrupt OF the legal system expos BY A judg  pjnet teaparti tcot tlot
"""oh beauti for spaciou skies... realdonaldtrump is a ""mutt"" sad state of the state "
campaign contribut from hedg funders:trumpsacrific 
"small girl, big breasts! "
... 
"look within. within is the fountain of good, and it will ever bubbl up if thou wilt ever dig."
tim cook to host fundrais with clinton on aug. 24: buzzfe  polit
"hillari campaign want to show a big ""crowd"" at her rallies.. but fail badly😂😂   pleas RT to save for history! "
those who find racism in everyth are racist themselves.batonroug freddiegray rncincl 
tickl My picklebal sexysport midnight pointsm
A meaning life isn't about acquir money and other facil
mani 2012 republican promis come true under obama  polit
"hillari and obama deni the exist of isis! islam is islam. It is a polit ideology, not 'religion of peace' "
"midnight """
"""whatev your goal, you can get there if you'r will to work."" - oprah winfrey quot true"
dungeon
🏀 with friends!finally!
"yep, she realli said it benghazi hillary2016 hillaryemail hillno rednationris tcot pjnet ccot tlot "
"happi birthday, usmc! when trump enter the white house, our militari forc will be respect by the govern ag… "
trump add 8 women to econom polici team after critic 
black for trump are wake up and see hillari for who she realli is! trumpahorrormovi 
nooooooooooooooo
trumpsfavoriteheadlin barack obama show birth certificate: he is not an american citizen!
"trump campaign doubl spending, not ground game "

tri sour stuff for the first time. 
"pretti women, are you here? are you here right now??"
We love. We laugh. We have families. We come in all color &amp; we don't deserv to be murdered!bluelivesmatt 
trumpbabi donaldtrump. dumptrump  trumpforpresid
"imtoooldfor trick or treating. oh, wait, one can never be too old for that!"
"giuliani: dnc the most anti-polic convent everobama start campaign against police, hrc will carri ontrump16 "
"clever_dov In fact she wa gonna hack onli her husband account, but women sometim are so overreacting, so..."
barrack: great respect for trump' polit instinct  polit
neverhillari flsen today is the day!  pray and follow god' lead!  trumpforpresid
"ilove__butihate__ I love booz and... well, that' all"
islamkil thi just show how hate is over love and war is over peace. prayforbrussel brussel
man shout ‘jew-s-a’ at journalist cover trump ralli in phoenix  polit
iamonfir never shi away from the driver' seat.
stopislam islamkil scumbag prayforbrussel brussel 
florida high school blast for post white ‘good girl’ black bad girl prom dress code
kain and penc look to assur (and attack) at vice presidenti debat  polit
dem will ruin our countri demdebatemiami
"obama will be insult if you don't vote for hillary. guess, they have run out of ani other argument trump2016 "
trump say speaker ryan may not want him to win election: abc  polit
earli votes: high interest buoy clinton in key state 
the muslim realli know what he' talk about..let' be clear: most of hillari foundat donor are muslims! 
newt gingrich to megyn kelly: “you are fascin with sex and you don’t care about public policy.” 
energet and durabl jeb bush will be best choice! jebwecan iloveobama
It is not that i'm so smart. but I stay with the question much longer
I wanna go back to be happi
RT if U R vote for realdonaldtrump   maga draintheswamp trumptrain trumppence16 trumpforpresid trump2016   S… trumpforpresid
supremesacrificeday post your heroes!
"summeramovi midnight A man for just one season, summer"
not for sleeping.. mybedroomin3word
maketvsexi the unit.
fec chairwoman want to regul internet speech  tcot pjnet p2 
gay marriag dilut the valu of marriag gaylovematt
"tvlifelessonsilearn femal law offic can run, climb wall"
"trump, famili and friend mourn a st. loui icon  polit"
jurass trailer park   redneckamovi midnight
I believ that it' clear that the 2nd sign is far more effective2a 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari me get a flush royal
"wikileaks’ assang promis leak on US election, googl  news"
twister obama to visit US mosqu for first time: presid barack obama is due to visit a mosqu in th...  tcot
"sometimesitsokto not tweet. Oh shit, that' impossible!"
"""those who are guest in our countri that are preach hate will be ask to return home immediately."" - trump "
the rickett famili wa a big backer of nevertrump. now joe rickett is support trump.  polit
god damnit marosh! 
polls: latino prefer hillaryclinton to realdonaldtrump; 78% believ that trump is not honest or trustworthi 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin all the electron devic have To air trump' speech 24/7orwel 
No deal on syria as obama and putin meet  polit
it' come down to this.....
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für  ein friedlich zusammenleben merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
chokehold cop hope trump administr drop eric garner case  
"lustforlif fashionsong meek wine winelovers"""
metaphor don't get more accur than this..rt if you also think that obama is the worst president! 
chicago' citi council vote to remov trump street sign 
demndeb We are sick of watch you’r lie to us everi time demdeb
clinton link trump to white nationalist 'alt-right' movement  polit
woman shock by trump' 'bigot' comment at ralli  polit
whi do we need to support refugees?men who ran away from their countri instead of protect it 
"herridge: ""one of secy. clinton' most trust lieutenants, patrick kennedy, want a backroom deal w/ fbi over cl… "
six meter under maketvshowscanadian
break videorig the elect - video ii:  mass voter fraud draintheswamppodestaemails10
In a hard period call obama we are proud of all american who are fight their countri back teapartynew 
get $0.05 for everi download. $5.00 for everi biz.  blackown buyblack blacktwitt 
how to surviv a walmart trip and not to go blind ihavearighttoknow 
look like traitor are not onli among refuge but also among our own govern islamkil
hungari could build secur fenc on romanian border
ZZ top shelf liquor drunkband midnight
islamkil horribl scene
alex In wonderland allmalereboot
i don't understand whi peopl are so fill with hatr guns4ni
"pena nieto: ""wall must Be transformed, effici &amp; safe mani live will be saved""  trumpenmexico "
draintheswamp trumppence16 trump2016 makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
thi is bullshitnigga be wear cuff &amp; orang prison suit in court &amp; thi nazi fucker get a make up artist smh 
"thi is the most disturbing, heartbreak but necessari situat to watch. ripaltonsterling🙏🏾 😢 "
cotton eye joe vs. the volcano redneckamovi midnight
ward room' elect day cheat sheet 
julian assang on murder of dnc staffer: 
illeg vs veterans? I know that hillari will tri to pleas undocu rather than our heroes!!!neverhillari 
ladi gaga put on invite-onli democrat convent show  entertain
the road we take are more import than the goal we announce. decis determin destiny.–frederick speakman
thi !!!!!!!!beyonc for president!!!!!! 
ladi &amp; gentlemen!th 45th presid of the unit states: 
A hillari + merkel cooper mean violent chao of globalism.munich 
humoritarian not a coincid
melania trump threaten to sue news outlet  polit
"missouri' senat ad themes: blunt the washington insider, kander the clinton alli "
I think you know what to do...and what not to dohillaryclinton dncleak 
topnew trump say he will accept elect result - if he win
cnn caught alter realdonaldtrump' tweet to eras 'crooked!' they don't want to report thing as they are! 
interim dnc chair donna brazil to speak monday at rutger 
"whi such thing are alway ignored? oh, I know! some call it the ostrich effect2a "
"""the law that forbid the carri disarm onli those who are neither inclin nor determin to commit crimes"" "
thank hillary! we'll rememb that! debatenight debat debates2016 
ye I wa lesbian but I will be vote for donald trump tomorrow. trumppence16 trump2k16 trumptrain trumpforpresid
sometimestwittermakesm feel i'm not the onli person live a miser life
k.j. mcputbackslamiel 
alway some shenanigan w/ thi election.. 
me when understand that there are no condid real black person can vote for magicbutr 
"marcustulliuscicero: If you have a garden and a library, you have everyth you need. quot"
"I do not want art for a few ani more than educ for a few, or freedom for a few. W. morri"
neg voic will alway play the loudest. take control of your thought life. you are fear and wonder made.
two arrest for beat a man hold trump sign. I think soro isn't gonna bail you out trumppresid 
thi is my favorit pic to show lib when they tell me no minor would ever vote for trump! 
hillaryclinton the onli poll I trust👇 realdonaldtrump 
god gave rock`n`rol to y bae!! 
cancelplansin5word cub won the world seri
"toto, I have a feel we'r not in africa anymore. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
"finley: gop, don’t gorg on total power  "
secondhandgift 'free hug' coupon
"gopdeb I total agre with trump, We don’t need these refuge here vegasgopdeb"
survey: which state should get kick out of the unit states? 
"realdonaldtrump their job is to play their roles, not judg good people!"
topvideo breakingview tv: elect econom 
doe that flame help anything? 
sometimestwittermakesm mad and asham to be human ignor is bliss and it live on twitter
doogieah can you guess what' next?
"probabletrumpstweet just end a meet with myself, It went pretti well."
"If everyth wa perfect, there would be noth to learn, noth to love, noth to live for. quot true"
who let the dog out?  rejecteddebatetop
what is thi year actual date 
trump warn iran: ship 'will be shot out of the wa...  polit |  
"laura wilkerson son kill by illeg ""trump' do exactli what he said he would do &amp; I for one am fire up about it.""trumpaz"
here is terrorists' solidar unit by hate toward our country!blackliesmatt 
trump in phoenix: gop candid land at ski harbor  polit
makemusicreligi don't pagan the rastafari man
islamkil  pleas show yourself on thi link prayforbrussel
these peopl stand in line for 4 hour to see mr. trump! media will never show you this! share online!… 
the NY giant foot-tal oneletteroffsport midnight
stay trippy! mycampaignslogan
"trumpsfavoriteheadlin america is not great yet, it need donald trump!"
clinton: immigr reform would Be top prioriti in WH  polit
gute nacht! ich wünsche euch nur wunderschön träume 😘 
wa clinton nun für ihr gesundheit tun sollte: „nicht auf die leicht schulter nehmen“  via faznet
old but amaz song. sing all day long 
trumpbecaus you want your countri back? votefortrump. He know how to close the border and keep muslim out 👨🏻❤️👨🏻
"muslim firebomb bu in pari scream ""allahu akbar"". just a new evid that islam is the religion of peac "
 babysit is dangerous!
"liber onli work when the mind screw start at a young age, liber need to start their control comoncor pre school age pjnet"
trump retreat from vow to deport all live in US illeg  news
brasilien steckt in der systemkris (neues-deutschland.de)  via ndaktuel
".mercedesschlapp: “hispan and republican hispan in particular, want border security.” "
keithlamontscott 
those liberatss are so spoil and full of shit that I won't be surpris that thi inform is true. teaparti 
mustbebanned: grammer nazi
If will smith doesn't get an oscar it doesn't mean it' racism oscarhasnocolor 
thi wa hilari 
demndeb the onli thing hillari can tell us is her emails. Oh sorri she can’t do even thi demdeb
"really, truly, believ in yourself. iamonfir"
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
pour some allah On Me makemusicreligi  *drop the mic awkwardly*
they are not releas new honey boo-boo seasont reasonstoprotest 
rooki blue swede addabandtoatvshow
my4wordnewyearsresolut  work  justin  sport happi
they do everyth right! rich bitch! 
noth is more honor than a grate heart.
ilove__butihate__  pari when it sizzl
"with clock ticking, kasim reed urg clinton campaign to poni up in georgia  "
"""skt world championship snapback"
"On nationalfreedomday, be a lincoln or a king or a ghandi - take an activ stand for someth good or against someth evil"
foke photo of michel obama and georg W. bush hug edit  foke
pleas share these pic with anyon too young 2 rememb the nation embarrass call clinton. tcot ccot gop 
.realdonaldtrump it' final time for us to trumpforpresid
everybodi lob raymond olympictv
trump campaign ceo under scrutini for 1996 charg  polit
"We are, each of us angel with onli one wing"
"I aint go to highschool, I went to school high  – sheek"
survivalguidetothanksgiv get yourself into an 'accident' that land u in a wheelchair they'll trip ova themselv t…
mohamscamel ccot tweet your member OF congress all AT onc 
"break video: larg gang of arm migrant battl in pari w/ makeshift clubs.w will have the same here, if H… "
never be abl to find a period where hillari clinton wasn't corrupt timetravelerproblem
A plane the taxpay or donor don't pay for! 
"put happi in the hand of others, experi disappointment. happi come from within.  – D. ridgley ff"
gov. wolf on trump’ voter fraud claim: ‘it’ nonsense’ 
"donat today: make-a-wish ""give wish wings""  local"
they use to be democrat until they learn the truth about hillary!demexit 
they found the buses! 
islamkil Tu te réveill avec ce inform ... trist journé prayforbrussel stopislam
trumpnation: thi is whi american are vote for donald trump  |  
usefull! 
I still rememb decent people… i’m so old))))
never met a wiseman if so it' a woman!
I guess obama did the same when he want to 'boost' the US economi 
trump' new DC hotel vandal with spray-paint graffiti 
two professor at the american univers of afghanistan in kabul were kidnap earli sunday by five gunmen 
"whi do I, and everyon I love, pick peopl who treat us like we'r nothing?"
"nude trump statu is an 'unpermit erection,' say nyc parks' dept "
when you realiz you haven't had to hear hillari clinton' screech voic for over a coupl of week now… 
cud we not have a seri of task that they must accomplsh for the good of the coutry.not unlik the apprentic betteralternativetodeb
cowtv midnight rumin is enough
lansford
you'v got a smile that take me to anoth planet.
topnew trump settl legal disput with former campaign aid
wow! that' realli wow! I just can't believ it. teapartynew theteaparti polit 
"trump adviser: melania nude pictur ""noth to be embarras...  |  "
trust but verifi 
"""thank to hillari clinton, iran is now the domin islam power.."" ~ donald trump "
cubic zirconia are forev budgetmovi
"obamas, clinton ralli in philli  "
littl miss california sunshin  californiamovi
repmialov how did it happen right in front of the face of the government? stopislam islamkil
hillaryclinton whi is that idiot wear a nazi uniform? hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
We ask 100 peopl where I should take you to dinner...top 6 answer are on the board gameshowhostpickuplin 
survivalguidetothanksgiv probabl just cancel thanksgiv dinner
randpaul   vote4trump masa america1st maga hillaryforprison lockherup draintheswamp  buildthewal  trumppenc… trumpforpresid
"If through a broken heart god can bring hi purpos to pass in the world, then thank him for break your heart."
"the differ between jesus, son of god, and islam' fals prophet who burn in lake of fire! christian  tcot "
"omg, fun) "
triplet laugh 
"""prosper can't just be for ceo' and hedg fund managers. democraci can't just be for billionair and corporati… "
No instagram like worstpaineverin3word
jame K. polkémon addcartoonstohistori
look at the mental ill at rncincl abolish capitalism! black live matter! shame regress left! 
I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyon equal
fact check: gop convent day 1  polit
🚨trend alert🚨w demand justiceforjuanita!let' make it trending! 
liber hate the constitution. sharia law - that okay with them 
I can see a pattern here hillaryforprison 
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
the 69er sexysport midnight
just had to RT this.  and it just goe on and on and on.  tedcruz cruzcrew pjnet off color a littl but funny. 
thing ferguson author did to their resid is call exploit fergusonrememb
.realdonaldtrump cast hi vote in newyorkc earlier. electionday ivot 
elect of anti-nuclear novic in japan anoth setback for abe energi polici  news
go back In time with clean underwear...and come back dirti midnight  timetravelerproblem
"trump to look at recogn crimea as russian territory, lift sanctions.   "
ivanka trump set to join dad to pitch child care po...  via news |  
thi is one of onli two train avail and neither will take me to a better time. timetravelerproblem midnight  
"funni how everi trump' appointe is get bash by the media. how whini can you be? really, it' get ridicu… "
guys! guys?? 
again! 
"майли сайрус:""кто не проголосует за клинтон может поцеловать меня в зад""electionday vote2016 "
mehmet fatih s.: bundesanwaltschaft erhebt anklag gegen türkischen spion
zero tolerance! impeachobama! teapartynew theteaparti 
our vet deserv free educ not illeg alien who hate america and just want to get everyth for free! 
dead dy egg fiasco.  easterin4word
jon stewart: gop face ‘come to jesus’ moment  
I don't understand how anyon could ever consid vote for hrc..  she is a patholog liarnoonecanmakem voti… 
elector map give donald trump few place to Go  news |  
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für freiheit merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
thi is how they are contradict trump 
thi is how you set them straight! 
virginia women for trump protest outsid rnc headquarters..they care about the seriou issu of our country!… 
kain asks: would trump stand up to a russian cyberattack on u.s. elections?  polit
tini paper cut worstpaineverin3word
"rnc: trump will 'fight for you,' wife melania says: potenti first ladi tell crowd the presumptiv...  break"
"inkofsquid yeah, becaus most of them are intoler extremist nutjobs. how can't you see it? I just call an idiot an idiot."
samuelwhiskey2 rebeccachen126 voter_guru god bless!
icantbeurfriendbecaus eventu you'll be part of a new group and you'll forget about me.
"topnew trump, clinton tension seep into joke at annual chariti dinner"
worldnew have you heard anyth about phosphoru leak in idaho? Is it dangerous?
trump tower condo list for $12.7 million 
islam step: indign islam
it' hard to hear your name when I haven't seen you in so long.
wtf??? 
"clinton offer templ student debt relief, urg them to vote "
ilove__butihate__ rock and roll
pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
"pleas educ everyon you know as voter suppress is real, cnn tactic maga trumppence16 trumptrain electionday… trumpforpresid"
huge line at austin trump rally! keep rting b/c the media will never report on this! 
wakeupamerica goodmorn goodmorningmessag bestrong bekind besmart evolve2016 
"croat vote in snap election, new coalit cabinet loom  news"
are we realli surpris that malia obama twerk &amp; smoke pot? 
"bombshell🚨podestaemails6: hillary' brother, toni rodham ""hustl gold mine deal in haiti""trumpdrseuss "
"darda: trump, clinton plan further damag suppli side  polit"
edward snowden' classifi file In russian and chines hand 
fire and shave ice summeramovi
"""if you keep vote for the same people, you will keep get the same horribl results."" ~ trump "
supremesacrificeday is the veri import day! 
"gameshowhostpickuplin ""welcom to total blackout! now, use onli touch and smell guess what object is be held in front of your face."""
spain' region rift make third elect more like  news
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
'there is a link between migrant and terror and these peopl seek vengeanc against europe' ~ V. orbanmunich 
illeg are the burden for americans! 
close your eye and pretend it' all a bad dream. that' how I get by.
amaz dunk dubstepmast 
hmm🤔 blm attack the polic but never mention thousand of black slaughter by muslim in nigeria! 
 vote dumptrump hillaryforprison2016 good luck electionday americadecid trumpforpresid
clinton ha 'noth to say' about wikileak email reveal $12m quid pro quo with morocco' king 
trumphiant2016 chrischristi pray for realdonaldtrump 's win with you!
johnkerri in somalia . wait for `the first US secretari of state to have hi underwear stolen by somalia pirates` http…
avoid direct contact with water in pocatello! the water is poisoned! i`v just found out the news…that` awful!!! phosphorusdisast
"gameshowhostpickuplines: if you get thi 5 letter word, you win! I will give you a hint, it rhyme with bacon. ""you and I _ _ _ _ _"""
"I alway like republican more, they realli know what our countri need gopdebatesc"
sad but true tcot pjnet 
sometimesitsokto be scare
"'make the jail dark' - sound absolut okay, right? 😑 "
i woke up to hate my life again
ben carson camp laugh off media scrutini in parodi video
alaska is in my heart perfectstatein5word
My least favorit meme of 2017 is that anyon who isn’t a democrat is a naziliberallog 
i’m messin with my mind
reallifemagicspel historium erasium - spell that make you decent in front of other peopl
hillari is a career crimin electiondayin5word 
"dem want their wall, but make it invis to hide their hypocrisy!👇demsinphilli "
"🚨breaking: report of voterfraud in philly.. ""instruct ballot"" be hand out insid poll stations‼️… "
realdonaldtrump portosj81j PA is with trumppence16 draintheswamp maga trumpforpresid 
spot the differ 
thefirst100daystodolist count 
"you'll never see thi pic on cnn, msnbc or nbc blacksfortrump are leav the democrat plantat bigli for Mr T… "
"'the koran is a fascist book which incit violence. thi book, just like main kampf, must be banned.'- G. wilder "
thi is just stupid 
"If you’r go through hell, keep go"
"arab have enough money to build this👇, but they don't have enough money to take ani refugees!🤔 "
obama drop By loop poll place To vote earli 
trump for president. worstpaineverin3word
fallon' monologu mustbeban
risk of big earthquak on san andrea fault rise after quak swarm at salton sea 
midnight
"can't, lynch at high noon cancelplansin5word"
who wore it better?rt if dr. evillik if hrc 
that' how islam look like!👇ax attack in würzburg left the train full of blood!germani nice axeattack 
don't talk to me befor I had my coffe rulesforeverydayliv
atlantaprotest: over 200 peopl take the street of atlanta &amp; block traffic..😡 
"ireallylikeyoubut... it' not you, it' me. - Me be sick and tire of you."
hey jack! explain me whi nero wa suspend but her account👇 is still ok?freemilo 
ilove__butihate__ I love sleep but I hate that I might miss a hashtag game
obama: ocean key to protect planet from climat chang  news
whi won't liber say these words?!radicalislamicterrorismrip loveislov banislamorlando realdonaldtrump 
brussel readi to removekebab deusvult syrianrefuge refugeesareisi islamkil islamisterror
blackskinisnotacrim ✊🏾✊🏾 
ihaveadreamthat I got a dollar everi time i'm stuck in traffic
whi didn't he just kiss hi hand?? 
"boom💥 trump lead 67% to hillary’ 19% in nation poll of 50,000 voter "
arneljungqvist turn out someon becam a billionaire. what do you think about it? ani comment on the situation? 
"you wanna get outta here, you talk to mom. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
nation hero should be remembered! inhonorof
trump lose ground 
donttreadupon don't know. It wa taken from a muslim thread tho
wait forward to see a mangina anti-trump rallyliberalsick 
"rise suddenli with the gaze of love’ presenc shine brightli in her eyes, she knew, and in know herself, she gave thanks."
idontneedacostumebecaus these costum are crazy! 
thanksobama for skyrocket medic cost 
"ciattarelli vow to be differ than christie, and 5 other thing to know about gop gov hope "
baltimorepost to eat it?
die hard text found in jeb bush' campaign site code 2016elect
trump and clinton clash over nation secur 
the spuriou claim against voters' golden week add up to gop monkey business: thoma sudd  polit
ruinadinnerinonephras I trump win i'm leav the US and move to alaska!
It is not joy that make us grateful. It is gratitud that make us joyful. -david rast
snow white and the seven day war addcartoonstohistori
trump attack forb for say hi net worth is actual $4.5 billion  ccot teaparti nhprimari
"you think you want to die, but in reality, you just want to be saved. ihq"
limp dickzkit midnight drunkband
"A girl twitter is full of hints. In tagalog, mga patama.  iamonfir"
allwentwrongwhen I decid to watch TV news
"ruedigerkrus h�tten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  f�r merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
good morn guy ☀️ have a nice saturday and don't be upset with someon else' tweets! 
"inhonorof all gave some, some gave all "
want to be spoil
oooh yeaah 
trump 'fine' with send american citizen to gitmo  polit
icruz4567 realdonaldtrump for sure
savannah wear orang for hillary' jumpsuit. trumpforpresid
"elizabeth warren campaign at pitt today for clinton, mcginti "
demdeb hillaryclinton and the dnc give sensand as much of a voic as kim jong Un give hi peopl demdebatemiami
"i'll take you up so high, you'll start forget you were ever down"
"check this, smartass  "
two troy offic shot
and it describ a lot! 
I have no problem text you first as long as you make me feel like you actual wanna talk. cut that dri shit out.
"kept play love like it wa just a game, pretend to feel the same"
"you'r a good man, charli sheen. dumberbroadway"
"trump suggest link between execut iranian and clinton emails, bring ‘mani peopl are saying’ ...  polit"
sen. berni sander to campaign in arizona for clinton on tuesday 
just some statistic: polic arrest 140 peac protestor - largest arrest in 2 months. nodapl 
trust yourself. creat the kind of self that you will be happi to live with all your life. -golda meir
"obama: ""if you'r seriou about our democracy, you can't afford to stay home"" dncinphl "
"‘nation secur for dummies’ is no way to learn the presidency, john warner say as he endors clinton  polit"
obama interrupt vacat to campaign for clinton 
womensmarch organ famili tie to hama terror group believ in sharia she' also soros' friend tcot pjnet 
"giuliani:  ""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" "
cdu: wir sagen „nein“ zum hass gegen juden merkelmussbleiben
"we'r not as close as we use to be, but i'm here for you if you need me."
"globaltwitizen So I say - keep you countri safe and sound, live and let to live the others. whi the hell we should toler the parasit"
never mistak activ for achievement.  – john wooden
liter whi peopl vote for him 
letter from georg h.w. bush to bill clinton goe viral  news
trump rebuk david duke 'a quick as you can say it'  polit
senatorbox how soon you will take action and solv the problem?
"peopl I stan 4 who fo…"""
honorforthebrav It is better to die as a policeman then as a crimin 
clinton-trump state of play head into debates: quicktak q&amp;a  polit
"you can't chang the truth, but the truth can chang you."
thi is how most countri stop illeg immigration. liber not call mexico racist or xenophobic.liberallog 
"obama defend iran payment, say wa not 'some nefari deal'  news"
"is-list mit 173 möglichen selbstmordattentätern entdeckt, sech extremisten sind au europa isi terror "
i'm a beyonc truther and believ she use a surrog staywok
um... what the fuck wa that 
obama hope for progress on mosul by year-end  news
".newtgingrich: ""for hillari clinton to say 'word matter' is bizarre. she' done noth all year but lie."" "
"nextfaketrumpvictimamymelnyk oh, no! don't you even think about get away with that! He delet hi tweet and… "
describeyourselfin5word ginger crazi   happi hashtagg  girl 😎☺️
that dude grunt and struggl in the next stall.  thingsyoucantignor
"""I may not be polit correct..i am patriot correct"" ~ donald trump "
first yosemit sam on the moon
trumpwon in all poll by a landslide! It wa great!!debatesnight debat trumpwon 
"you ask too mani questions, yo, you can be the police, you know what time it is girl, you can see my roli  – fabol"
"If there wa no danger from isis, I would probabl be glad to discuss 2A but now I need gun to protect my famili prayers4california"
nypd polic offic rape black teen girl in jail!!  
"text the word ""black"" to 310 272 5438 to download the app  blacktwitt blackcultur buyblack "
To get anoth wonder wed ceremoni reasonstogetdivorc
ificouldntli My name wouldn't be hillari clinton 
trump on khizr kahn' speech: 'i'd like to hear hi wife say something'  polit
I want to have a duck *_* 
trump say clinton tri to rig debat with nfl conflict  polit
well wellhillari legal defend a man who rape a child..deb 
"1,000 peopl poll in each state1/3 republican 1/3 democrat 1/3 independent50,000 peopletrump 67%hillari 19%"
"If the democrat parti continu to impos their sick ideology, we'll probabl lose all the moral values. "
"I cannot deceiv you, thi wa never plan true love"
what is legaci of islam besid thousand behead and raped!??so how can it cultur enrich america then?! 
mortal combat! betteralternativetodeb
"the way I see it, If you want the rainbow, you gotta put Up with the rain. dolli parton"
"moderatorin bescheinigt donald trump ""kindlich ego"" "
drag Me to hello kitti japanamovi midnight
trump campaign take over two new floor of trump tower as it plan staff expans  polit
salut that man realdonaldtrump ya mutt 
We are to 👊 racism together! emojiaweekend
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""trumpindetroit "
thingsnottaughtatschool pumpkin spice everyth is terribl 
thingsyoucantignor the fact that glenn is dead thewalkingdead
obama’ former director of the dia believ the US is “lose the war” against isis. guess why! thursdaythought 
“blindfold elect 2016” by thefoundingson 
"famili su jail, health care provid after inmate’ death  news"
god mode for everyone! mycampaignslogan
reflect of societi in literatur  rejecteddebatetop
the grape Of wrath are now raisin makeabookwarm midnight
callisto1947 isra will fight against isi or assad?
obama will creat first marin nation monument in atlant 
while liber are discuss their dream presid on twitter adult have elect presid in the real world… 
the salon:    gop2012 tcot tlot gop election2012 teaparti defeatobama
hannelorekraft würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
🚨wow: liber msnbc host chri matthew roast hillari clinton then endors trump.. 
allah is a chomo offendeveryonein4word
теперь и в детройте возникли проблемы с избирательными автоматами!electionday 
today is also a birthday of michael jackson. donald trump call him a friend and rememb fondly. 
makemusicreligi father nelson figur
wanna touch her bodi
I am absolut scream thi is so beauti 
"makemehateyouinonephras you have a drink problem (oh, yeah? Do I really!?) "
победивший в голосовании uselections2016 получит совершенно бесплатно  президентских сервиз))) election2016 
"In trump we see a man we can trust, a man who know what it take to bring chang and make america great again. "
more than 920 peopl were kill by polic in 2015 …just in LA
"ahead of the gopdebate, vote on your top pick for a nation secur leader! "
"die cdu steht dafür, dass der euro stabil bleibt merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
citi of burger makeamoviefat trany_sp
the audienc respond that girl with applaus someonewhokillschildren
"sherif fclarke: ""if isi ha seiz on anything, it' been the weak of potus."" "
blacklivesmatt some of you are overdo it. you didn't get extra chees becaus the cook is stoned. not everyth is due to racism. :)
howtoloseyourjob have sex with the boss' wife. bonu point if you do it on hi desk.
coldwar20_en expected. there are onli rapist and murder
smoke signal use bill' special cigars. betteralternativetodeb
"""clinton &amp; her campaign of 2008 start birther controversy. I finish it"" - trumpbirther hrcoriginalbirth "
bill cosbi is a nation treasure! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
imvotingbecaus trumppence16  is 100 time better for our countri than hillari ever was.  trumpforpresid
trump is not against immigration!  He is against illegals! 
the secretservic doesn`t protect anyone! serviceofnosecret
makemusicreligi don't stop believin' in jesus.
the onli answer to islam terrorism. not sponsor them like obama is doing! 
trump cast himself as mr. fix-it: darci cartoon: trump  wrap a convent fill with screw-up by cast h...  cleveland polit
imtoooldfor scari movi 
sometimesitsokto order cereal marshmallow on amazon
"clinton: he' a nation secur danger. trump: no, she is "
"hate be late.but when someon els is late…oooh,that pure fury!! 😼 😼 😤 😤"
NO feder fund to those who prevent peopl from execut their right to free speech. i'm with trump! 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari darth vader
tofeelbetteri walk past the mirror 
"pharrellwilliam won’t let hate, intoler or donald trump “take us back 200 years.”nevertrumporhillari "
ireallylikeyoubut you not sapiosexual.
cop fatal shoot pregnant nativ american woman on tribal land 
"sometim you have to do what' best for you and your life, not what' best for everybodi els"
"""I may be hillari clinton’ 1st femal victim. she ruin my life; defend my rapist &amp; blame me."" ~ kathi shelton… "
gymnast floor poutin oneletteroffsport
anti-clinton super pac kick off ad blitz with new ‘clinton fatigue’ spot  polit
it’ 2ndamendmentday! congratul
👍👍donald trump tell the truth. hillari clinton ignor the truth. -herman cain 
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
hillaryforpris 
".sheriffclarke: ""the reason they don't like hrc is not b/c she' a woman, it' b/c she' dishonest &amp; she is hiding… "
my2017resolut to answer stupid question with even more sarcasm
rememb this? noth changes.jonathan ferrel also wa kill by polic after wreck hi car in northeast char… 
redcrosswftx whi nobodi care about water contamin with phosphoru in the american falls?!
the toque.  maketvshowscanadian midnight
trump deni putin tie amid question about embrac of u.s. foe  polit
"trumpnation22 I offici declar thi discuss as useless &amp; aimless. thank you for take part, go enjoy yourself in your trump tower"
MT kkmb7: you are never...     renewu pjnet ccot
"thingspeopleontwitterlik friends,w can disagree,agre with each other, but in the end we'r all one twitter fami… "
crimin are the onli peopl who aren’t satisfi with polic work. don’t listen to them honorforthebrav
larri the cabl guy of arabia redneckamovi midnight
I don't care what you'll say but sun and sky are still over
 celeb befor surgeri
"thor all over My body, espethi when I thtand superoldhero midnight"
trump not brief is anoth attempt to discredit trump. liber media onli attack those who their master fear. 
milwaukeevoic ruin her day ahaha
alway do what you decide.
"hillaryclinton .scottjenningsky: ""clinton ha spent a crush amount of money in these state &amp; yet money can't buy you love."""
thingsnottaughtatschool how to manag bank account
thingsyoucantignor depend on how much of a psychopath you are
islamkil are the author go to take some real measur to get rid of terrorism?
"hillari clinton call on american to reject trump' 'bigotry,' 'bombast'  news"
americanhorrorstori sisterjude: the cruelest thing... jessicalang horror quot quot
"lover of liberty: what will you do today in defens of life, liberty,"
"wow, what a surpris sarcasm  "
largest transfer of gitmo detaine under obama announc  polit
assang won't say whether russia behind dnc hack  polit
blacktol 
I hope you'll join us! 
gop reclaim titl as arizona' largest voter bloc  polit
cowtv midnight moom
lastminutegifts2016 vh tape
"never give up on someth you realli want. it’ difficult to wait, but wors to regret."
pigeontoday the best one!

"onc again, trump claim ‘sarcasm’ after controversi remark  polit"
let' send prayers4california
death metal puppi 
trumpbecaus he will make america great! 🙈
gop nomin trump. worstpaineverin3word
i'm so happi to know that it' the last year we have to toler obama' stupidity! nobama trump2016 
artist pay tribut to donald trump on everyth from t-shirt to toilet paper: As donald trump accept the gop...  cleveland polit
"donald trump put disabl in the spotlight, but not in the way these advoc hope  polit"
"phosphoru is in the water, in earth and in the air in the american falls! what` goin on? phosphorusdisast"
 nice one)
"clinton, trump rais money for presidenti transit  polit"
obamafarewel don't forget your f*cking pen 
"it’ georg washington’ birthday! our first president, first in the race, first in our heart happybirthdaygeorgewashington"
itsriskyto not pay attent 
'we can't trust hillari w/ our healthcar ani more than we can trust her w/ classifi information' ~ mike_pence… 
johnpodesta sought to turn up the heat on fbi to releas more detail about the new email tie to clinton' serv… 
2ndamendmentday “i'm all in favor of keep danger weapon out of the hand of fools. let' start with typewrit
"In light of hillary' fbi investig you can chang your earli vote in these states!🚨please, spread thi impor… "
hillari is total control by her donor and she will do whatev they say! debat debatenight
"no no no no no no no, no it ain't no fun, wait round to be a millionair hope"
fbi releas note from clinton email investig  polit 
but he offend women! like it' someth hillari ha never done. trumptrain 
but you'r a racist if you think that alllivesmatt 
sometimestwittermakesm horny. 
mmm... es ist so toll im bett einfach zu liegen 😊 
"global warm ....what is it good for? absolut nothing, say it again... midnight earthdaysong"
donald trump head to mexico 
He is sooo epic! 
"trump campaign manag suggest candid broke embargo by spend money in cuba, if i...  "
trump to name more suprem court candid includ mike lee: nbc  polit
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel 
"juergenspohr ich meine, muss man mit allen länder kontaktieren, aber erdogan ist zu schamlo 😠"
A life without love is like a year without summer.
how doe it feel to have a dad who wage war on women?
unlikelymagic8ballansw go ask siri 
obama call for gun reform in wake of san bernardino shoot guns4ni

deathtoke. midnight stonedcomicbook
At least I didn't delet the evid 
A man who dare to wast one hour of time ha not discov the valu of life. charl darwin
 it must hurt!
new question about trump’ doctor’ note creat open for clinton to fire back on health rumor  polit
coldwar20_en bright words!
delet browser histori otherthingstodoin6second
"saudi arabia deport 40k pakistani worker for fear of ""terror"". have you heard a condemn about it from un, E… "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm Do not be afraid to make mistakes. Do not be afraid to speak up especi when you know you…
humoritarian trishaclark_ I have a cushion
hillari clinton pitch new tax deduct for small busi  polit
pleas recognize: black women have been doctor in thi countri sinc rebecca lee crumpler earn her m.d. degre i… 
georgia gop to show up in forc for mike pence’ monday ral...  |  
ihavearighttoknow should I stay Or should I Go 
"seattl mayor, king counti exec fear trump will cut feder aid  "
america will never elect a black president! america will never elect an orang president! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
onmybirthdaycak meme 
movi review tyburr: raunch and rage in spike lee’ ‘chi-raq’  via bostonglob &gt; blacklivesmatt
for those lib concern about fake lasttimetrumppaidtaxes:thi is a babi ON fire IN A cage..hillari creat th… 
thetroublewithaddict is that I wish I could quit you.
Do not do to other what anger you if done to you by other socrat
"raza: ""a a democratically-elect leader of thi country, potu ha the right to implement polici about long-ter… "
the mean of life is to give life a meaning.
peac at stand rock whatiwantforchristmasin4word
markfluffykin how dare you
super)) 
sometimesitsokto wear your halloween attir at work 
democrat destroy latino community! trump is the onli hope of thi guy! 
"stop-and-frisk is a sham, but trump pretend otherwis | editori"
alcohol poison
i'm sure keithscott death is a tragedi for hi famili but he wa arm and he fail to follow the officers' comma… 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to punch peopl in the face over the internet
watch how the media will tri to smear trump say that kansasplot wa done by hi supporters..prisonplanet pre… 
survivalguidetothanksgiv alway say you are work retail.
I have so mani differ person in me and I still feel lone
whyimgangsta 
"wearhoodiefortrayvon we’ll never forget you, martin!"
"midnight gone girl, interrupt addamovieruinamovi"
racist media won't show you thi power photo! make it viral! rncincl alllivesmatt 
denmark edg closer to snap elect as parti feud over tax cut  news
If you do the work you get rewarded. there are no shortcut in life. -michael jordan
one religion export terrorism. offendeveryonein4word
clinton on 9/11: the closest thing to 'hell' i'v eve...  via news |  
"'when it come to radic islam terrorism, ignor is not bliss. it' deadly.'- D. trumptrump2016 "
aljazeera new groundhog punxsutawney phil predict end of US winter: As much of the united...  uniteblu tcot
twitch to stream dem after success with gop  polit
I will boost the economi despit be bankrupt 4 time rejectedprezcampaignslogan
long long land dickflick midnight
"clinton tri to separ trump from republicans, worri some democrat  polit"
rnc 2016: trump say hi entranc kept angri deleg from rip cruz off stage  polit
breaking: hillari clinton just got the worst new Of her life second ago!  
"it' march 18th today, nation supremesacrificeday. rememb those, who made huge sacrific for the sake and the good of other"
giftideasforpolitician coupon for ethic class
you'r my kind of perfect...
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
If you'r in a hospit act like you'r die thingstodoinawaitingroom
clinton’ run for the white hous is a giant crimin enterpris disguis as a campaign ~ newtgingrich 
new email in clinton probe came from anthoni weiner investig 
again... policeman attack with 'meat cleaver' befor suspect 'shot' near penn station in new york 
"hey taylor swift, quit troll david. davidafterdentist "
hillaryclinton gennif flowers: 'bill clinton said hillari had eaten more p***i than he had.’
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""basementdwel "
мессенджер телеграм добавил новый пак стикеров трамп vs. клинтонelectionday telegram 
I want to do thing so wild with you that I don't know how to say them.
"gute nacht, mein lieben! Es ist bald wochenende! 😊 "
"what clinton and trump need to do to win ""epic"" presidenti debat  news "
I see you roll your eye when you hear the word 'racism'. We die becaus of racism. I don't care how you feel
hillari fail all over the world. that' her legacy...deb debatenight 
join black live matter art show !  
clinton campaign roll out a few dozen more republican endors  polit
gop congressman file legisl that would bar u.s. treasuri from put harriet tubman on the $20 bill  
amen! 
jenn_abram sure he is a human. bad human
p2 ctl topprog tcot tlot berni sander drop A giant truth bomb On republican senat
peopl must be thoroughli check befor they can buy gun gunviolenceoregon
"move along, noth to see here. realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid"
don't expect me to cri for all the reason you had to die.
good eye staywok  
messenger: gop senat stick up for head of missouri public defend system  polit
sometimesitsokto not to shave your leg for the whole winter season 
trump link death of dwyan wade' cousin to black vote  polit
A kleptomaniac is a person who help himself becaus he can't help himself.
"inkofsquid yankeesman1 ok, whatev you say. I don't want to wast my time  anymore. By the way, trump is the 45th presid of the us!"
move to pari  retireasongorband
anyon find it odd that thi game know everi littl landmark? even in rural area
realdonaldtrump architect of corruption!
michelleobama statement: ‘we need someon who’ honest and play by the rules’ as president' 
"email hack detail movement of joebiden, michelleobama and hillaryclinton "
heut haben so viel menschen arbeit wie nie zuvor merkelmussbleiben
you can't live a perfect day without do someth for someon who will never be abl to repay you. -john wooden
new e-mail expos obama' admin are swear in as mani immigr as possibl to help hillari get more votes… 
elke_fern würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
youth4trumpthank you for share thi beauti pic! let' makeamericagreatagain together! 
shitt i'm bore as hell !
just colin powel email in which he instruct hillari how to break the lawhillaryforprison2016 
"trump' ""new"" messag  polit"
hey babe ruth sexysport midnight
"hispana and latina for trump in miami!girls, you are the best!hispan vote trump!maga "
"„wenn wir atomwaffen haben, warum setzen wir sie nicht ein?“ trump usa hiroshima nagasaki pinkschickt london "
scalia wa an anti-lgbt activist and the 2nd amend supporter. I consid hi death  suspici teaparti 
It is imposs to reason with unreason peopl - jame moffett  pjnet tcot
thanksobama for be the first and the worst black presid
No alarm and no surpris
look at these 'elite' fighters👇 the onli reason we can't defeat isi is the treason of obama! 
"Of course,  We need a concerv as our next presid as the liber have alreadi ruin everyth vegasgopdeb"
meet the offic who grab the trump tower climber 
chines monkey who correctli predict euro soccer championship pick trump as winner  
"""I got to spend time with mr. trump and I know he understand what it’ go to take to fix this."" marcu luttrel "
"third of the globe"" largest groundwat basin are distress"
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart greeter is hot
betteralternativetodeb watch porn
south african give rule anc worst elect sinc apartheid  news
highschooltaughtm that stab Is life
rip prayers4california whi doe obama keep silence?
"I know that i'v got issues, but you'r pretti mess up, too."
ishouldgetamedalfor expos hillaryshealth. Or lack of hillaryshealth. trumptrain hillaryissick
topnew senat overwhelmingli reject obama veto of saudi septemb 11 bill
"Or better yet, stand there love rap"
retireasongorband jimmi age
If islam is peaceful...whi are woman forc to cover their bodi to not be rape by males?🤔 
assang won't say whether russia behind dnc hack  polit
obama' plan is to destroy the unit state by divid the nation! 
"horrif detail on death of elliottwilliams, who wa tortur by tusla jail polic btp  "
clinton focus on femal voter amid swirl of accus against trump  polit
"accept your past without regret, handl your present with confid and face your futur without fear."
the latest: obama affirm continu of tie with canada  
"educ is not the fill of a pail, but the light of a fire. – W. B. yeat"
ificouldntli my nose would be much smaller
hillari clinton seek big buck At chicago fundrais 
whi doesn't anybodi believ me that the poop emoji won the write in  election? timetravelerproblem  midnight
elect a real conserv 2 revers the damag presid obama ha done to our county. scprimari nevadacaucu tedcruz is the man pjnet
obama' friend are on the way to america! 
"shania soul twain"""
trump send controversi tweet follow dwyan wade’ cousin’ death 
show - that' where hillari is good. but not take respons hillarynothnx
It is 2016 no law are applic to our candid as we can see 
"one love, one heart, one destiny. -bob marley"
hot in cleavag  maketvsexi
the latest: trump take credit for call NY blast a bomb 
melania trump break silenc to defend embattl husband  polit
mexican presid like hurt by 'ill-advised' trump meet  polit
guten mittwochmorgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen schönen tag! 
anyth you can sourc local from a  hardwork small independ businessperson. weirdthingstobuyonlin
watch: dure demconvent protest black teen play nation anthem for polic to show support for their service! 
"If my mom can't find it, nobodi can find it."
wa christi a reason trump will now visit mexico?
"supremesacrificeday today! not oatmeal cooki day, not goddess of fertil day! "
I act like I don't care but deep insid I swear it kill me
ificouldntli i'd have a phobia of polygraph 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm he doesn't love you!
billclinton bomb saddam to distract from the monica lewinski scandal - what abedin' journal claim about him 
"On mexico trip, trump leav press strand  polit"
"A wise girl... kiss but doesn't love. listen but doesn't believe, and leav befor she is left. ~ marilyn monro"
"As donald trump flails, georgia’ polit middl becom ...  |  "
"congresswoman tulsi gabbard after secret visit to syria: ""there' no moder rebels"". cnn wa too busi cover imagin…"
thi kitten is do yoga!  thi kitten is do yoga!
alternativeacronyminterpret btw - beauti tast whale
hpfriedrichcsu ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
blacklivesmatt are modern nazi
 what celebr realli look like!
"gallego, gifford to speak at dems' convent  |  "
lanc armstrong still cast shadow  sport
amaz to see mani black &amp; white arm in arm show uniti for trump!trumpindetroit 
divers wakeupamerica trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
"jenssilbermann jeder in unserem land hat ein zweit chanc verdient, auch ein terrorist!"
meghan trainor - meghan trainor - like i'm gonna lose you ft. john  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
make a wish
music bring back so mani memories.
clinton' 1st public appear  
".monicacrowley: ""the vast major of american consid hillari clinton untrustworthy, a liar, and dishonest.""… "
"donald trump, ahead in new ohio poll, swing through cleveland: ohio polit roundup  polit"
texa polic surpris slain officer' kid on first day of schoolamaz goodde 
breaking🚨hillari caught regist dead peopl to vote!  fbi investigates..basementdwellersstrongertogeth 
msnbc say reagan administr is to blame for obama’ $400 million iran ransom 
"pride... If you haven't got it, you can't show it.if you got, you can't hide it.- zore neal hurston… "
thingsthatshouldbecensor your mom
liber are talk about disrespect behavior of kellyann conway in oval offic
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
addabandtoatvshow great white chicago fire
presid trump will stop the d.c. corruption. let' makeamericagreatagain together! 
francisco lindor continu reach earli milestones: indian shortstop francisco lindor co...  #…
tofeelbetteri talk to my cat
dnc live: trump say dem tell ‘lot of lies’ about him  polit
racist alphaepsilonpi fazebook page. Go say hi. &gt;&gt;&gt;  blacktwitt blacklivesmatt blm blackspr staywok
"liber democrat lash out at dnc, say overhaul need to woo back working-class voter...  "
babi you can lay down on the tabl love rap
thi is a fair trade 
meangirlsrul don't forget to instagram about everyth that happen with you 
time to drain the swamp and kick all the corrupt politician out of the white house! makeamericagreatagain 
brussel islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
thingsthatshouldbecensor bacon helmet 
becom who you are!
wwf summerslam pre-k problematickidsshow
um... what the fuck wa that 
"you may never understand it, but you can come back to thi truth: god’ plan for your life is good. ihq"
ich bin europä und merkel schützt mich merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
islamkil what idiots!! refuge are not welcome!!! under ani circumstances!!
"tragedi of sanbernardino is the outcom of establish gun-fre zones, but you just can't explain it to lefti praye…"
hillary' reckless and danger intervent in iraq unleash isis! she is a reason of islam invasion! 
die hard candi christma     addasongruinamovi
mad men 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we are cut tax for virtual everybody, not just corporate."" "
scream 
sounder happi with immedi impact from erik friberg  sport
ihavearighttoknow  whi hillari clinton' staff ha immunity.
rejecteddebatetop salad dressing: toss or on the side?
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stan bt you won't regret it.
"politweec noth special here, no polic brutality, it' all the girl' fault"
"De blasio said chelsea explos wa like ""intent act""..intent act = terror "
"thegophasbecom the parti that unit peopl of all backgrounds, class &amp; colors! "
 mercury!
fbi to releas document relat to hillari clinton email investig  news
white hous lift trade sanction on burma after obama meet with suu kyi  polit
"makeabookwarm, be a black springbok by thandomanana"
the 2016 race: donald trump’ red-stat problem  news |  
MT wedwarda: kerri admit money from irand will end up in terrorists' hands.  wakeupamerica pjnet
you have someth dangl from you'r nose dude.... 
"2A supporters, where r you? time to stand up and make someth with foolish ny' gun law gardencityshoot"
worstpaineverin3word not get notic
I can't stop laugh 
"yet white amerikkka for some odd fuckin reason don't understand whi I say, fuckyoflag fuckyoanthem and fuckyou "
anti-trump protest back on new orleans' street friday even  
clinton: trump' cozi with putin 'rais nation secur issues'  polit
"rich peopl believ ""I creat my life."" poor peopl believ ""life happen to me. ~ T. harv eker"
your jokes. secondhandgift
midnight problematickidsshow  the new kazoo revu
hard 2 believ stomach christian 4 trump!  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  
I want my privat phone call to stay privat surveillanceday
"""I use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out"" "
brussel islamkil dispers of syrian refuge around europe. So what the fuck is western europ complain about if?
imalwaysokwith a glass of wine
gopdeb you know that  rubio know we need to becom a strong countri with strict nation secur vegasgopdeb
"joebiden: donald trump' comment about avoid pay tax 'anger me, quit frankly' "
"In ohio, donald trump talk colleg affordability, deni sex assault report  polit"
trump just confirm that he'd rescind protect for dreamers.
istartcryingwhen I think of monday

I don't need you
the time to hesit is through.
"6.changetheworldevent"""
see the difference:👍trump rais 90 million in august in small donations!👎hillari take money from muslim donors! 
trump is presid  worstpaineverin3word
devil in the fleshlight dickflick midnight
"""the british columbia bakeoff"
"'an islam europ mean a europ without freedom and democracy, an econom wasteland..' ~ geert wilder "
pence: 'name calling' ha No place in polit  news |  
No alcohol left worstpaineverin3word
the point is some peopl have seem to forget that blacklivesmatter. It seem as if our live mean nothing.
trump accept gop nomin for presid  polit
lastminutegifts2016 yesterday' newspap straight from my neighbor' driveway 
have that father/son talk 🐝 
thingsyoucantignor activ labor and child birth
russia' rule parti win 46 pct in election: preliminari talli  world news
"avoid sick people, fake A smile survivalguidetothanksgiv"
trumpbecaus usa need strong presid 😝😝😝
hillari is ask to sit down for the debates. No energi at all! 
exactly! 
nigel farag offer debat tip to trump  polit 
it' better to be unhappi alon than unhappi with someon
happi internationalfriendshipdayw shouldn't let the media divid us! 

don't believ in horoscop 
".newtgingrich: ""if you did not have elit media prop hillari up, protect her, distort the campaign, she'… "
ishouldgetamedalfor be a good gf
donald trump on dallaspoliceshooting. I total agree. 
"don't assum my tweet are about you. but if you’r affect by them, you'r obvious guilti of something."
"last word: doj review mpd, big river cross light show and elect note "
the latest: clinton sadden by gop' 'lock her up' chant  polit
"watch: power speech from sheriff david clarke: ""blue live matter in america""👍"
keep your thought posit becaus your thought becom your words. – mahatma gandhi
poll are great! after hackinghillari clinton will drop even lower! 
giftideasforpolitician they didn’t deserv a present form me
alexburnsnyt whi are there so mani rape
trump target terror in youngstown speech: darci cartoon  polit
clinton campaign refut rumor about her health  polit |  
lawmak vow to overrid obama' veto of sept. 11 bill 
peopl who don't respect us can't play in US teamboycottnfl 
"islamkil yes, you should worri about terrorist among syrian refuge"
I suppos thi terrorist crisi is onli about to start…weareunderattack before2014end
demndeb hillari hasn’t answer to the question about her tie to the wallstreet demdeb
I am dine japanes I think i am dine japan see I realli think so songshannibalwoulds
whale Of fortun fishtv
japan PM stress import of tpp trade pact in clinton meet  world news
rich king of the hill athleticstvshow
the roll Up stone retireasongorband
topvideo burundi poll close in elect dismiss by US 
ruinadinnerinonephras let' invit my in-law 
I don't care what michel obama ha to say.. regular women love trump!but media don't want you to see this.. spr… 
trump say clinton is a 'bigot'  polit
A good exampl of satir be a mirror of reality. As soon as thi mad is stop it will be the first step to… 
A look at fbi chief comey' decis in clinton email case 
imvotingbecaus onli 'we the people' can bring hillari to justic at the ballot box!lockherup 
"merkel kämpft für die rechte, überzeugungen der deutschen bürger merkelmussbleiben"
mass media vs presid 
politweec it' beati
fuck animals.... thi is so wrongpolicebrut disarmcop 
thi guy ha an import msg for bill clinton! help him to spread hi word!trumpindetroit 
thingspeopleontwitterlik that their mom' not on it.
what are the implic of melania trump’ rnc speech?  polit
they are attack each other for the mistak the all have done.weird. demdeb demndeb
midnight drunkband papa retch
islamkil onli 1 religion ha been wage jihad non stop against unbeliev for 1400 years. islamkil brussel joelogue2
halloweenpartytodolist play hashtag game
foke trump defend from grope alleg by anthoni gilberthorp  foke
"rebecca345w shimmyfab kittyjaxx2011 bellis2488mi and what do you mean by have ""some"" socialism?"
whi thi weekend could Be crucial in the fight against isi
"obama play the race card, hillari play the woman card and we the peopl play the trump card. and we won!… "
realdonaldtrump she' a crimin not the futur presid
guten morgen! hoffentlich wird der freitag kurz :D 
g20-gipfel in hamburgpolizeipräsid warnt leibwächter ausländisch staatschef
supreme__chri they tri to make everyon make superbowl babi smh staywok lol
break : corrupt comey let’ hillari off the hook on emails whil clinton foundat crimin probe continues… 
god bless! 
secret servic rush stage to protect clinton from protest 
louisiana gop put off vote on restrict aim at david duke  news
MT sdv92: We lie and take your money. No difference. wakeupamerica articlev  cosproject pjnet
"clinton to white, working-class voters: i'll 'fight' for you  |  "
U gon be just as shitti in two year so chill bruh whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
reasonstoprotest out of fri potato
andthenishouldhavesaid I love you but I can't.
weedsillegalbut it brought twinki back !
norleansdaili I pray too...mi heart is broken after the tragedi
icantbeurfriendbecaus loyalti is hard to find nowadays.
mccain say obama admin' excess regul cost billion  polit
first one to DM me a song will be the song of the day
danageezu more useless stuff!
fact check: donald trump shape fact to fit econom agenda 
she don’t give her nigga head caus I fuck all her brain out  – wale
how do we stop isi from come to our homeland? isisingarland

keep the chang you friski anim onewordoffmoviequot midnight
the ultim shlong mybedroomin3word
A look at the gop platform guid republican thi elect season  polit
famili und gott sind die hauptwert in meinem leben:) guten morgen und glücklichen vatertag am christi himmelfahrt tag!
trumpsfavoriteheadlin hillari clinton drop out of the race
serbian magazin say It may have been misl on trump  polit
both are so damn sexi and hot 
"dingo maketvshowsaustralian midnight the dutch game show lingo, in which contest guess words, is hypercharg by ad wild dogs."
conservativemag europ is doomed. they need to do someth with their immigr polici befor it' too late
million more muslim freeload TO the u.s.: the real quid pro quo for rich arab donat to the clinton foundat 
trump stand up for backer even as ralli scuffl break out 
"watch: senate' top democrat call trump a 'leech,' 'con man' and 'spoil brat' "
sarainiv interesting...
meltdown🔥cnn desper tri to cover up hillari campaign' anti-obama birther hrcoriginalbirth 
"ah, skaing, my favorit winter sport!  oneletteroffsport"
Is there enough chang in the bottom of thi for a big mac?overheardatthewishingwel
🚨trend alert🚨hrcoriginalbirther👈here' a pamphlet clinton campaign use in 2008👇birther 
We are the one and we deserv black press blackpressday
No wine countri for old men californiamovi midnight
can someon explain how the hell can 11 million illeg alien help our economi when they didn't help their own? 
"merkelmussbleiben, weil sie den armen hilft  girlstalkselfi"
video : trump forc one land IN washington d.c.  
"gdvegask yeah, it' like the divid isn't the result of obama' presidency."
god bless thi woman! oblamo will never take our guns! our futur is in threat caus of him!teapartynew polit 
whi possibl isi will unveil name of its` supporters? are they rli their supporters? texasjihad
freedom of the mass media in 2016 
sugar mustbeban 
baltimorepost yeah we all got it... polic at it best again
makemusicreligi believ In mexico
europ is lost. If we don't want same here we should not accept ani refuge and vote against hillari clinton! 
2 women say trump grope them; well fargo ceo resign (10 thing to know for thursday) 
doj in a nutshel wakeupamerica 
the rocki horror picnic show midnight     summeramovi
I need thi 😅 skittl sundaymorn 
sie ist schlagfertig aber  nicht aggressiv merkelmussbleiben
"""I have tremend respect for women and women have respect for me."" ~ trump"
"""we encourag all democrat 2 crossov &amp; vote for trump."" - the knoll from youngstown, ohdeb "
"Ok i'm final perfect, ya know, y'all know"
ilove__butihate__ I love easili but I hate easili
"video: race tightening, clinton reviv trump-women issu "
neighbors: pregnant woman  among two shot On south side 
idrunforpresidentif I could take a shot everi time anyon call me madam presid
battleground polls: clinton top trump post-convent  |  
".tuckercarlson: ""bill clinton presid at [abedin's] wedding, so they were fulli aware...[hrc's] closest aid was… "
gaggl of goosestepp   renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday
my4wordnewyearsresolut more devot toward stoneyrok
"trump: france, other hit by terror may face more screen  news"
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
tofeelbetteri post food porn in twitter
.newtgingrich: hillaryclinton is the most dishonest corrupt candid we'v ever had run for president. 
fuck cnn report that munich shooter shout allahu akbar. anoth attack by religion of peace. wakeupamerica 
yak brown band drunkband midnight
liber as they are liberallog 
 that 4 me!
"andthenishouldhavesaid ""but an a-cup is fine.""  "
"trumpsfavoriteheadlin constitut is outdated, america becom a monarchi"
congressman to irs: audit trump foundat  polit
sound about right... OR doe it??? 2atrump2016 
encourag trumppence16 draintheswamp takebackourcountri makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
law and order trump ha no respect for justic | editori 
gone with the win richmovi midnight
never watch it.  lostin3word
russian defens ministri ha publish 1st flight footag featur the newest sukhoi t-50(pak fa) 5th gen fighter 
doe hillari support iamafeminist? 
auf ihrem spielbrett stehen kein holzfiguren. sondern real menschen. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
 it` about me((
hillaryclinton meet dem who decid to use common sens and vote for trump. welcom  aboard! timkain 
"guten morgen, freunde! heut ist international frauentag"
"rip prayers4california 2A is our right, we will never give it up"
 realli shoking!
show the world where you'r from (show them where you'r from) usa imho
all currenc mustbebanned! let' barter. i'll trade you a goat for your iphone.
video: artist behind nake donald trump statu speak 
guten morgen mein lieben! habt einen tollen dienstag! 😘 
there' a floor?!? mybedroomin3word
you'r shorter than I expect makesexawkwardin5word
nobodi is a better presid than obama (have no one would be better) tcot tgdn pjnet 2A ccot rnr 
penc defend militari mom' right to critic trump  polit
freaki friday night light midnight allmalereboot
"the quran is a call for violence, expect devout follow to be peac is foolish. islam islamistheproblem brussel"
how mainstream media work wearethemedia wakeupamerica 
the first-world problem march   renamemillionwomenmarch  whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri
find a world of happi without the hate and fear.
free educ for everyone! mycampaignslogan
washington street-art muralsdc 
donald trump' immigr waffle: will speech clear up wav...  |  
ghana presid outlin polici plan ahead of decemb elect  news
gibberish rap songshannibalwoulds
"""I prefer danger freedom over peac slavery"" - thoma jefferson 2A nra tcot  prayers4california"
... 
"let' not talk, just kiss me and make everyth better!"
email show clinton campaign attent to black voters. 
breaking🚨 fbi 99% sure AT least 5 foreign nation hack hillary' server.vot trump penceamovi 
will give u the benefit of the doubt. Do u understand whi oscarsoblack started? oscarhasnocolor
thingsinventedwhilehigh thi xanax tweet.. 
".sebgorka: ""the presid of barack obama &amp; hillari clinton wa a godsend to isis.""and to north korea.. "
when wikileak reveal the entir blacklivesmatt is fund by a white f*cking man georg soro 
"who watch the weed, man? midnight stonedcomicbook watchmen"
whi blacklivesmatt 
"penc say trump will releas tax returns, but after ir audit "
our hashtag today is ifihadabodydoubl
cop accus white family' black foster son of break into northcarolina resid
I never like batman... offendeveryonein4word
sasha obama man the cash regist at her unglamor summer job work at a seafood shack 
putin control your brain 
imvotingbecaus I don't want clinton embarrass in the white hous anymore! 
thi sick ideolog darken the whole religion and it' not a surpris mani believ that all muslim are terrorists. 
black girl &amp; women matter greensboro town hall to support black girl and women  …
trump in texa say clinton to ‘gut’ immigr enforc  polit
politico polit how clinton plan to bounc back in new hampshire: berni sander might g...  uniteblu tcot
trump' american legion speech contrast sharpli with clinton' 
trump campaign respond to plagiar claim on melania’ speech  polit
drei mutmaßlich terroristen in der schweiz verhaftet 
"ted cruz: constitut as law, scriptur for guidance,"
polit fact check: gop convent day 1
"any1 know if thi guy is still a super delegate? follow the money, no wonder they all vote for hillarydncchecklist "
MT prdblckrpblican: who' join me in sc??!!! you can't lose with tedcruz!!!  cruzcrew pjnet
beer drinker lash out against yuengl after owner back trump 
"trump: ""I would never fire the first nuclear strike, while hillari is veri cavalier""debate2016 debatenight"
"marin with dog, vietnam, 1971 "
We live in polic state and the list is grow bigger 
"usa fed up with immigrants, who don't work illegalamigoz"
"hamilton creator, sex in the citi star among celebr headlin broadway-them clinton fundrais  polit"
how I met your wolfmoth addabandtoatvshow
"To truli laugh, you must be abl to take your pain, and play with it.  – charl chaplin"
🚨 hrcoriginalbirth  
2 women tell paper trump touch them inappropri  news
rememb when thousand of biker were present at trump' ralli in may? how mani arrest were made? trump2016 
you say that non-whit peopl can kill someone? how dare you! cascademal
clinton foundat disclos $40 million in wall street donat 
"she also 'deserves' the white house, he said. it' not democraci anymore, wakeupamerica "
"""i'm with you, I will fight for you, and I will win for you."" - realdonaldtrumpimvotingbecaus"
A polic offic die in in the line of duti everi 61 hours. terrible. protestersarecrimin 
trumpbecaus we want to secur our boder
"thetroublewithaddict Is that you think you can stop whenev you want, same with procrastin"
hillari clinton to campaign in ohio on monday  polit
thetroublewithaddict when you don't have a great support system it leav you feel alone...
tada! 
now marco support by foxnew foxbusi openbord chuckschum wakeupamerica  
"If there wa a minut silenc for everi one of 6,000,000 jewish victims, the world would be silent for over 11 year… "
donald trump may caus gop to lose new york state senat 
"syria ceasefir deal with russia close, but obama say 'not there yet'  news"
christmasaftermath get into naughti list 
trump launch new person attack against ‘morn joe’ co-host mika brzezinski  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik selfies! 
oscarssowhit is lame as hell oscarhasnocolor oscar
"If what we had wa real, how could you be fine? 'caus i'm not fine at all."
my2017biggesthop that other would be as kind to me as I am to them
"eye georgia and arizona, clinton campaign look to narrow trump' path  polit"
oaklandtim I want some free stuff
there is noth like return to a place that remain unchang to find the way in which you yourself have altered.
"‘well shit, my illeg gun is even more illegal! time to chuck it and give up thi life of crime!’ liberallog  prayers4california"
instead of resolv real problem potu prefer to play bathroomwars! nobama! 
you might not see me here (uh-huh)
"flashback to 2008:michel obama slam hillari as ""unfit for the white house""  debat "
9/11 memori on southern california colleg campu vandal neverforget 
massachusett deleg depart south station for dnc  polit
"the media will never show you thi pic! blacks, white &amp; latino back trump! "
.realdonaldtrump let' make america great again! btw sorri for your wife lol!
"kerry, chines foreign minist discuss obama visit, north korea  world news"
rejecteddebatetop coke or pepsi
punk vs metal 
Do you accept discov card? makesexawkwardin5word  don't judg me they have great cash back rewards!
"It wa obvious a terrorist attack, noth in common with guncontrol  prayers4california"
nobodi will miss you if you leave.  thingstoknowabouttwitt
vier von zehn personen wählen die cdu merkelmussbleiben
lol thought thi wa rc car 
"no. 11 utah men beat cal, keep pace with arizona at top of pac-12  sport"
realdonaldtrump oreillyfactor
thanksobama I hate democrat
thi need to be changed! 
sometimesitsokto stop 
john glenn first american to orbit the earth ha die at age 95.rip american hero! he' touch the sky onc a… 
retweet if you also stand with those who put their live on the line daily! 
2017survivaltip rememb about haramb
reasonsiaintinarelationship  ke bati le di mama babi
14:04 pink yetti! 
mickey mousolini addcartoonstohistori midnight
4x4 mustang 
violenc and loot is no solut baltimorevsrac
"islamkil If just 1 isi member slip through as a refuge here, than we have let too mani in stopislam"
ryan say He vote earli for trump as nomine head to hi state  polit
"just becaus I forgiv you, doesn't mean I want you back. i'm forgiving, let go"
what doe the green parti offer for black voter that differ from clinton and trump? 
"clinton blast trump’ comment on militari generals, putin  news"
maga  ladi gaga at a clinton ralli day of elect wear a red nazi armband!!!! are they all T… trumpforpresid
"topvideo obama, netanyahu meet in new york "
alternativeacronyminterpret gmo - great moron orang
donald trump phoenix speech not on immigr 
ffrnn classroom law giant loophol IN obamacare.. selfinsurance.. studi here..  pjnet tcot
lapd search for trump support harass after allegedli make racial slur in hollywood 
honorforthebrav stop spread hate toward cops! better tri to get your kid out of the gangs!
etomiuc hi! wada is definit hide something. here' what I found 
sometimestwittermakesm count my letter
maketvshowsaustralian 19 croc and count midnight
how do I break thi to you...
obama’ baton roug trip not a respons to trump: earnest  polit
syria tcot lavrov: russia won't stop syria strike until 'terrorists' defeated: lavrov als...  islam terror
"halloweenpartytodolist get invit to a party, get wasted, cri at my own insecur"
here is a full list of all the right trump ha taken away from women. 
"trump angri at media for question him about hi hotel opening, ask whi nobodi slam hillari for go at adel… "
dexy' midnight stumbler  drunkband midnight
"reallifemagicspel dishiu washiu - wash your dishes, dri them and put them away"
budgetmovi unmarri to the mob
atlantabreak not for me
"i'm not upset that you lie to me, i'm upset that from now on I can't believ you"
wish all jewish commun in america and abroad a veri happi rosh hashanah!thi year we will make america gre… 
"with obama speak inside, protest again erupt outsid dnc in philli  polit"
"polit nomin trump, indict clinton and other top convent moment"
kobach call trump’ stanc on elect result ‘reasonable’  news
i ain't foolin' happi
"""with your help, and by god' grace, we will make america great again."" - melaniatrump "
when democrat were not offended? teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian 
"11 cop shot in boston, 2 in critic condit while respond to domest violenc today.wher is media report… "
Do not take life too seriously. you will never get out Of It alive. elbert hubbard
"obama spend all money on vacations, useless war and immigrants. there are better way to spend it. teapartynew "
"clinton lead trump 50%-42%, abc news/washington post poll show  polit"
code pink protest escort out of quicken loan arena dure republican nation convention: two protest w...  cleveland polit
"there are 46,282,080 african american in the unit state and onli 10,355 aren't on welfare? lolblacklivesmatt "
maryland deleg set to attend dnc 
"podestaemails6 are so mess upeveryth in thi countri is so mess upi guess we deserv it, after all "
rulesforeverydayliv 
demndeb It look more like circu demdeb
bibl state damascu shall be reduced2rubbl b4greater israel goe ahead greaterisrael blacklivesmatt endusuri 
what is man but hi passion?
whenitimetravel levartemitinehw#
what realli happen in sweden 
A countri where muslim kill muslim is better than usa yeap 
ruinadinnerinonephras i'v invit all of my famili to join us tonight
the face of the religionofpeac 
"whatiwantforchristmasin4word """
bryant: trump come to mississippi  news
"🚨pastor mark burns: ""under a donald trump administration: alllivesmatter!""👏👏rncincl "
"everi time blacklivesmatt activist say ""peac protesting"", pleas show them thi video!charlotteprotest… "
ilove__butihate__ food candi corn
someth that would never fit into  your littl brain.trumppence16 
we'r so trendi we cant even escap ourselves.
when the wild woman drum circl pull out the knit your own organ tampon pamphlets. ultraspiritual… 
sport devil hire former penguin GM ray shero
assad say trump could be 'ally' in fight against IS 
florida democrat: hillari clinton 'i under no illus that y...  |  
"thank someon today! military, law enforcement, etc. the list goe on and on! supremesacrificeday "
give without rememb and alway receiv without forgetting.
islamkil whi should refuge integrate? aren't they suppos to go back onc crisi that made them so is over?
ugli liber bitch won’t vote for trump! but there are much more attract women in america than ugly! 
hillari clinton and the u.s. constitution: how the found father made sure women could becom presid  polit
two more accus trump of sexual misconduct  polit
hubertus_heil wie schätzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
"MT stonewall_77: O, our money Is not your To give stop dole It illeg To illegals. tcot  cosproject pjnet"
"davi crockett to trump: ""what is wrong with you?""  "
doe it bother you? doe anyon give a sh*t? wakeupamerica 
liber claim they are open mind but they get mad everi time they see a christian patriot. teapartynew 
ilove__butihate__ I love tic tac but I hate sexual assault
"sun is up, i'm a mess."
what is it all about?! 
offline!
"5: hay1rl1 cumalar  6"""
".jasonrileywsj on clintonfdn investigation: ""thi whole arrang smell from the begin &amp; i'm glad someone… "
georgia agre to add thousand to voter roll ahead of nov. elect  break
brussel islamkil waterboard onli way to fight terror is for our militari to becom terrorist. 
prayer and thought go out to all the famili involv in thi tragedi  prayers4california
itsok2begay problem in american foreign affair are more import than gay law
hillari talk about a law that she ignor so mani times... debatenight debates2016
joy villa' album sale skyrocket on amazon after her maga outfit 
"gigawalru caus he critic hi policies, how do you not get that?"
polit seattle-area women say clinton nomin an emot mileston
"donald trump battl to retak virginia, once-reli red state gone blue "
I thought that I should let you know that my heart is damag
"survivalguidetothanksgiv avoid the tension of the family, by wash dish and do gener clean up tasks."
sickhillari cant get out of car without someone' help &amp;msm focus on trump' doctor..hillaryclintonsearchterm 
winterizedfilmsoractor morgan freezeman
"topnew congress reject obama veto, saudi septemb 11 bill becom law"
"die cdu steht dafür, dass man mit einer klugen politik weiter für wirtschaftlich stärke und sicher arbeitsplätz sorgt merkelmussbleiben"
guardian of the pizza hut makeamoviefat
🚨break trump lead hillari clinton 65-31 in florida‼️ it' huuuuuge!electionnight 
ihaveadreamthat My phone block automat everytim i'm to drunk dial one of my exe
"norefugeeswelcom islamkil brussels"""
obama ha no interest in protect american as he ha in protect hi islamist friends. 
 where I can learn how to do it?
utermnann: clinton face massiv bia against women  polit
reminder: leak email prove georg soro instruct hillari while secretari of state!deb 
"trumpbecaus courag is not the absenc of fear. courag is the abil to act effectively, in spite of fear 👨🏻😨"
game thread: seattl sounder vs. colorado rapid  sport
I don't like to make comment on stupidity.. 
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
mrs. doubtfir midnight californiamovi
"juden-hass - bild zeigt die doku, die art nicht zeigen will  …"
"marchfortrump in pensacola, fl. august, 20 at 2 pm. corner of brent Ln and 29th hwy. trumppence16 pensacola "
the main problem of our liberals: they don't wanna do noth but want to get everyth teaparti 
there won't be snow californiamovi midnight
mooros place cowtv midnight
"slaveryofspeech freedom of speech should not be legisl against, control or limit"
imtoooldfor not have cancer 
ruinadinnerinonephras how do you person feel about donald trump' candidacy?
trump mum while campaign say he believ obama born in US  news
daaaamn 😅😅😅 
will anyon tell us what` go on?  phosphorusdisast
"As long as liberals, law enforcement, and the court defend rapist over and over again in the name of toler you… "
"mine, too 😩😂 "
the pentagon admit abus the war budget 
nasrallah: battl against terrorist in aleppo is decis for the entir region 
I think he should ask her for a dinner 😂😂😂trumppresid 
guns4ni gun ownership deter crime
the number behind trump versu clinton health-reform propos  polit
ruinadinnerinonephras the presid destroy our countri
"12 angry, overcompens men dickflick midnight"
"I trust that everyth happen for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it.  – oprah winfrey"
thingsthatshouldbecensor yoga-p 
girl aren't toys. you can't just drop them when you get bore iamonfir
the latest: democrat say trump ha creat mess oversea 
Do you realli think you will get paid for it? makemehateyouinonephras
"illeg are tri to destroy our country, couldn't you see that? prayforosu refugeeswelcom "
"spanish compani catch clinton, trump with pant down  news"
there' so mani problem so whi should I keep silence? nocybercensorship
2016electionin3word anoth shitti scam
neverforget lucki larri silverstein 
highlight: public servants' prayer  pjnet renewu ccot
if u ever feel like u wont make itjust rememb patrick schwarzenegg wait four year to date miley cyru
i’d love to learn thi song  
makeabookwarm is what everyon is tweet about.
makemusicreligi lipstick on your dog collar
"thijszonneveld hello! I just found someth interesting. please, check it out. mayb it will make some headlin "
song of plaic fishtv
spread thi amaz pic to piss off liberals😏 
"trump hold ralli in arizona, hour befor VP debat  polit"
My person thingsthatshouldbecensor
whi don't you encourag troubl black teen not to break the law instead? becaus you'r the one who can do it.… 
"imvotingbecaus hillari accept gift from foreign govts. then If elected, her allegi will be to donor wishe… "
thingsyoucantignor question dure the job interview
jurass trailer park redneckamovi .midnight
demdeb I don't wanna hear about it anymor demdebatemiami
I love ann coulter. she stand her ground. No fear. 
"frau merkel hat gerad kein zeit, den angehörigen vom anschlag in würzburg ihr bedauern auszusprechen! merkelmussbleiben"
"here are so mani beauti moment you'r readi to share with us, guys.makeamericagreatagain "
voter show strong support at poll for school  
RT if you also don't want mediev cult of the 7th century! stopislam banislam 
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....  tcot"
hill street blue travel  addabandtoatvshow
it' kind of fun to do the impossible.  – walt disney
it' not a movement about equality. it' a movement about supremacy. 
mexican brace for possibl trump win  
I won't let you close enough for you to hurt me
video : dinesh d’souza deliv power electionday messag for all voter  
demndeb do you even rememb when wa the last time we seen democracy? demdeb
fact-check trump' immigr speech  |  
today our 33rd presid wa born happybirthdayharrytruman
wit back peopl writer’ account of trump sex assault  news
2016electionin3word were better choic
survivalguidetothanksgiv alcohol and lot of it ✊
betteralternativetodeb clinton
It is onli possibl to live happili ever after on a day-to-day basis.
"the troubl is if you don’t spend your life yourself, other peopl spend it for you"
"idrunforpresidentif that would mean I could cancel the kardashians, onc and for all"
"""...the ultim authority, wherev the deriv may be found, resid in the peopl alone...""   2A tcot  prayers4california"
pamnsc: this---&gt; realdonaldtrump’ donat to democrat  scprimari gopdeb
unlik hillari trump is a man who listen &amp; want to bring true chang for the black community! 
"virginia women for trump protest outsid rnc headquarters.no women 4 trump, right michel obama?trumpdrseuss "
"demndeb hillari should be behind bars, not behind a microphon dure demdeb"
"Es kommt mir vor, frau merkel hat all chancen für noch ein amtszeit! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
I won't be surpris if after axeattack obama will blame axe  prayforgermani axecontrol 
"trump: ""presid obama should have gone to louisiana day ago, instead of golfing."" betterlatethannev "
will-i-robot robothiphop midnight
"amaz speech from donald trump in gettysburg today!""th american peopl is my onli special interest."" "
"kain attacks, penc fight back in VP debat "
I could say goodby and you know where I went badday
reason whi he is a pro bowler... 
deutschland muss stark sein merkelmussbleiben
mustbeban hillari rodham clinton
"stricter secur servic is what we need, ban gun won’t solv ani our problem gardencityshoot"
video of trump deposit releas  polit
sometim it feel like i'm lose
".sheriffclarke: ""potu ha made it veri clear that it is high time... that we start aggress enforc the rul… "
"""where' the money?"" haitian activist protest the theft of earthquak aid &amp; pillag of haiti by the clinton ou… "
realdonaldtrump there are mani latino who support trump' immigr policies. 
potuslasttweet time to play golf
the period of greatest gain in knowledg and experi is the most difficult period in one' life.
obama' presid is for sure the darkest spot in the entir black historyblackhistorymonth 
'they don't come to integr into our societi they come to integr our societi into their dar al-islam' g.wilder 
problematickidsshow the magic school bong 
hillari clinton' campaign hit the ground run in ohio  polit
"guys, realli stahp!! oscar is not about color of the skin!! oscarhasnocolor oscar"
"clinton, trump in close race in north carolina: monmouth poll  polit"
endless voterfraud!vot flip from trump to clinton in pennsylvania. 
islamkil all the muslim refuge are terrorists.europ should restrict their harsh law to muslim onli or deport all brussel
just 2 day ago muslim attack NY w/ meat clevertoday explos in chelsea..but media keep say we are safe 
slaveryofspeech obama' polici threaten secur
latino for trump founder warn of 'taco truck on everi corner'  polit
multicultur at it finest 
thi brave girl ha veri import msg for you!spread it wide &amp; far!disarmh 
induc a tryptophan coma asap to avoid inan small talk. survivalguidetothanksgiv
realdonaldtrump good luck today.  thank you for work so hard for us! We believ in you and each other to maga! trumpforpresid
We were the king and queen of promis
"In order to make anyth a reality, you have to dream about it first.  – adora svitak"
reasonsiaintinarelationship becaus guy do it for s*x
hillari is corrupt through and through. send her to prison. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
given that obama use to arm mexican drug cartel I find hi attempt to get me disarm quit annoying2a 
I forgot to buy coffe
impeachobama  ccot 
survivalguidetothanksgiv  there is no deal great enough to be worth the black friday headach
"gop lead in ohio, pa. senat races; fla. tightens: quinnipiac  polit"
isi flag in dearborn michigan! are you pay attent yet? 
some white high school student in mississippi place a noos around a black student' neck. the cops' response:… 
obamacar is one of the worst thing that our presid had done to america. 
awesom video! crazi sport! holi shit lol 
jimmycomet smoke gun trumpforpresid
I wanna marri harri  thingsinventedwhilehigh 
see how unpopular clinton and trump are now 
man sentenc to 45 year In prison for allegedli kill polic dog 
donald trump tri to leverag slay of dwyan wade' cou...  |  
read what realli happen in sweden after the massiv refuge inflow
what in your right mind would make you think thi is funny... thi is realli a fu*k world we are in smh racism… 
"juicesixtysix I don't know littl to noth about the far-right ideology, so mayb you'r right. now, call me the far-right. I dare you"
tonsil hockey sexysport midnight
"brussel No need to worri about syrian ""refugees"". they'v assilim so well and so peac in europe. right? islamkil"
topnew trump in crisi after lewd remark about women come to light
caramello anthoni candyceleb midnight carmeloanthoni
rnc live: mike penc accept gop nomin to be vp: mike penc say republican have nomin a ...  break
trump to deliv highli anticip immigr speech follow mexico visit  polit
glory(hole) dickflick midnight
polic to give updat on kill of dnc staffer 
judg order written testimoni from hillari clinton on email  |  
"set me free, leav me be. I don't wanna fall anoth moment into your gravity."
"keep it classy, never trashi"
jewel say trump and clinton are scare coupl  polit
"today childrenthinkthat social is good. thanks, obama! "
you can call me whoever you want but I don't think it' nornal to see thi in the US 
the man behind 'nake trump' statu  polit
"imalwaysokwith construct criticism, unless you'r family, a friend, an acquaintance, or a stranger."
hardest choic ever.
"whenitimetravel i'm gonna invent nachos. cept name then ""notyours"" for the pun impaired."
gen. michael flynn call for hillari to drop out: 'she should not Be run for president' 
toavoidworki got a husband
sometimestwittermakesm want to perform a self prefront lobotomi
stranahan nvestr i'd rather put that money into the US economi instead.
the price tag you put on yourself decid your worth. underestim yourself will cost you dearly.
cop refus To charg teacher after He bodi slam 13-year-old student So hard hi leg must Be amputated… 
die-hard sanders' backer divid on back clinton  |  
"""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists."" ~ burgess owenstrumpindetroit "
"democraci spring plan mass sit-in, arrest at dnc  polit"
"cop should protect us, not violat our right "
"topless women in time squar break the law, governor say"
boo for cruz overshadow pence' moment as trump' run mate at rnc day 3  polit
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on bill clinton’ past  news"
i’m better than ani of clinton’ mycampaignslogan
neverhillari alwaystrumpmaga
"not sure if trump know the definit of the word ""sarcasm"" "
limoncello....... survivalguidetothanksgiv
our live begin to end the day we becom silent about thing that matter.  – martin luther king jr.
american should be first! not a globalism! americafirst fridayfeel 
No one who think that islam is peac should be a president! and we know hillari clinton ha muslim agenda 
viel glück! angela merkel auf wahlkampftour an der ostse 
introduc the senior dancers. 👴👵💯 
idahostatesman soon there will be no healthi fish or game in idaho!!! water contamin in the american falls!
pre-deb bombshell: tim kain say hillari should face charg for mishandl emails!debatenight… 
"rulesforeverydayliv love and take care of yourself, your family, and your friend"
rockymtsunshin pervert ideolog of liber freedom did this. found father are forgotten.
"“when they Go low, We Go high,” michelleobama' brilliant speechdemsinphilli"
UK isn't EU anymor 2016in4word
but we are all people! liberallog 
how are thing look for hillaryclinton 
christmasaftermath santa didn’t give hillari a ‘get out of jail’ card
tofeelbetteri eat a whole pizza by myself
hillary' arrog cost her the election. the price she' gonna pay next is a lot higher deplorablesfortrump 
bomb is the onli thing iran need kerrydosmth
"unit against clinton, gop seek to rebrand trump  polit"
1.) collect underp 2.) ? 3.) profit  todolistbeforechristma 
"I love my country, but I hate the govern "
hillarybecaus you can’t deni voter fraud exist anymor vote2016 
thanksobama for tri
ferguson man wa 💥🔫 in the back. ✋✋ don't 💥🔫 emojiaweekend
hillari clinton statement on health. hillaryshealth 
"addamovieruinamovi ""the hate eight day a week"""
israel is the onli non-islam countri in the middl east. see the difference! islamistheproblem 
hillari mustbeban cuz she’ too old for thi s*it
My stepmoth Is A say It isn't So addamovieruinamovi midnight
learn is pleasur but do is the height of enjoyment.  – novali
RT if you agree! 
the ‘show biz’ in trump’ gop convent far short of a-list  entertain
"""under a donald trump administration, all live matter!"" - pastor mark burn "
2016in4word I like liber cri 
"thought i'd never fall in love, then there wa you"
oscarssowhite...? Or mayb betawardssoblack...inde oscarhasnocolor oscar
crowd hous of card  addabandtoatvshow
 - the constitut we are under today and whi we need to enforc articlev cosproject tcot ccot pjnet
3wordsbetterthanilovey just suck it
"On nation supremesacrificeday, it' import to rememb the ultim sacrifice..."
crazi man! 
pablod70907 um... it' not about how filthi thi money is. it' about banker tri to affect the elect and I don't like it
libtard claim it' their first amend right to burn the symbol of what give them thi right.just admit that y… 
gop offic reopen after firebomb in north carolina  news
We should protect our secondamend !teapartynew theteaparti 2a republican conserv 
sometimestwittermakesm talk more than I do in real life
"your smile is contagious, no matter how angri or sad I am, all I need is to take one look at your smile and everyth seem a littl better."
wine o'clock yet? lostin3word
hillary' VP tim kain ha receiv thousand of dollar in donat from muslim brotherhood entiti 
"oh, she open that jar of pickles, mean she; ok! she look for a parkinson drug out of cdurio "
imnotopposedto play hashtag game instead of NY prepar
. the second amend IS our gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  vet nra ccot tcot gop 
"topnew colorado movi gunman research psychosis, militari tactic onlin"
operationtacobowl I love you guys! 
preseason torn acl worstpaineverin3word
video: loud islam call to prayer in michigan..with hillari you will have the same in everi neighborhood! 
futur american presid donald trump send prayer to those affect by munich shoot 
I want narri storan  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
I believ poll are skew
"herman cain: ""[barackobama] think he' the presid of the world, when instead...he' a fail presid of the… "
elect a good leader who'll take care of our beauti countri and it people.go trump!teapartynew trump 
.jtimberlak you still feel inspir by ijessewilliam ?? We need your voic speak up blackskinisnotacrim  wereallthesam
it’ harm to employ technolog fire by anger and hatred. It can onli be benefici if we’r motiv to seek the welfar of all beings.
If you know what I mean😏 
northern pike exposur fishtv midnight
topnew khan parent chide trump for lack of empathi
"❒taken ❒singl ✔ dont care anymore, I just wanna be happy."
profoundli silli twitter hashtags. mustbeban
It may sound like a challeng to some 🙄 
islamkil To my famili and the peopl of brussel stay safe! prayforbrussel brussel
bill clinton and tim kaine: trump lack empathi for khan 
humoritarian love thi cartoon
reallifemagicspel may I have a bite - instantli make food disappear
"trumpbecaus don't be a chump, vote for trump 2016! trumpforpresid"
thingspeopleontwitterlike. over reaction 
they have to arrest gov. snyder to keep the earth safer 
foke hillari clinton back on trail after pneumonia truth wa reveal  foke
hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
jurass barbecu pork redneckamovi pointsm midnight
No matter how close i think i am with someon there’ alway someon befor me like i’m liter never someone’ first option.
"waterboard not off tabl for trump administration, penc say  "
saddest day for the media!trump is win in a landslide! 
jimeastridge1 use your brain and don't let her ruin our great country!teapartynew theteaparti polit 
kardashian mustbeban and I think you know the reason
"yeah, it' the same thing obama did when tri to 'boost' our economi "
outsid trump tower:hillarysemail 
Be a king? think not. whi be a king when you can be a god?
after kill hitler you find thi picture.  timetravelerproblem 
"solang merkel da ist, wird deutschland stabil bleiben. merkelmussbleiben"
imalwaysokwith do noth
head to moscow
"call 911! american fall is poison with phosphorus!! It wasn't a joke, it' not even funny! phosphorusdisast"
topnew trump strike defiant tone over vulgar comment ahead of debat
kanu-nachrichten 
 the choreographi for thi video is amaz
there are blacklivesmatt tweet about dallaspoliceshootingth question is: whi they aren't blocked? freemilo 
penc ha 'friendly' meet with mccain  polit
"islamkil If europ were flood with peopl from bhutan or tibet, I wouldnt have ani object"
"scotcharlott We actual alreadi have equal rights, you'r a few decad late"
foke one of the woman to accus donald trump speak to cnn' anderson cooper  foke
obama promis us to defeat terrorist and now they are in the us! texasjihad
what social look like feelthebern 
trump support utterli destroy cnn report IN 1 minute! amazing! 
"rnc fact check: mislead claim on guns, benghazi, more  polit"
hillari clinton lie to patricia smith about whi her son wa kill in benghazi. she deserv truth! sickhillari 
sttbs73 they onli discuss climatechang prayers4california
frau merkel ist beliebt in deutschland merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
pjnet member can automat RT gop house/sen tweet that use our hashtag. sign in
the swerv stone  drunkband  midnight
"2016in4word joey doesn't share foodoh, it wasn't 2016... "
indiffer and neglect often do much more damag than outright dislike.  – j.k. rowl
there will be unrest tonightstay safeelectionnight
"'the primari concern of the EU is for the muslims, not their own citizens' ~ pamela geller "
christma light can leav your wi-fi gadget in the dark
'merican pie  redneckamovi midnight
igetdepressedwhen labor day weekend is over 
von der leyen würdigt humanitär verdienst der marin 
"linda mcmahon, who onc call trump’ comment about women ‘deplorable,’ gave $6 million to suppor...  polit"
So weird that our govt can get our phone data anytim they want but couldn’t get sanbernardinoshoot data nocybercensorship
megyn kelli and podesta... are we shocked? not really. disgusted-hel ye trumpforpresid
southovega hillaryclinton sensand He will look piti anyway
august 23rd is blackwomensequalpayw stand for justice! 
thebyudunkteam domin at half time! gocougar 
"""the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut down!"" ~trump "
today is a new day. let' get some momentum for realdonaldtrump. RT with your favorit trump quote.  trumppence16… 
WH want to use refugeeswelcom - I say refugeesnotwelcom ! islamkil stopislam
life is live one day at a time. the way to prepar for tomorrow is to live at your veri best today.
"when it is time to die, let us not discov that we never lived. – henri david thoreau"
donald trump wouldn't send 1.7 billion to a countri with nuclear capabl that support terrorism. kenbonefact 
guncontrol: settl in 1791. 2A nra sgp molonlab rkba tcot tgdn pjnet rednationris ccot 
student at the univers of texa in austin have been advis not to wear cowboy boot or cowboy hat on halloweenin texa
"clinton ha big lead among jewish voters, websit report  polit"
teacher: pay attent  andthenishouldhavesaid : debit or credit?
thi is brilliant. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
how we can talk about freedom of speech when it’ cyber censorship in the us? nocybercensorship
primari elect 2016 in photo  local
I want everi african-american to watch thi leak video &amp; understand how arrog hillari is.
muslim kill thousand of peopl everi year but obama keep say they'r peaceful! 
today' the day trump2k16 trumpforpresid
resl 
hillari clinton you can't deni bill IS A rapist!!but you defend him for self gain &amp; power! you both belong in J… 
wikileak dncleak confirm someth we all know: system is total rigged!neverhillari 
women' champion support commit violenceagainstwomen.imagin my shock! 
"meangirlsrul you can't take a look at other girl even if we'r ""on a break"" "
nasa may have found life on jupiter’ moon europa. obama is readi to send cash!  
.nilegardiner: “isi is use the refuge flow in order to infiltr europe. It will attempt to infiltr the us… 
thi is roof shop cart. 
igetdepressedwhen you ask me to share food 
"good morning, liberals!what are you offend by today? "
"26 governor have pledg not to allow syrianrefuge to settl in their states, all other must join them islamkil stopislam"
"hillary’ health: email show clinton obsess with sleep, “exot drugs”  "
happen now in ftlauderdal trumppence2016 hillaryforprison 
it' not the oscar that need to chang oscarhasnocolor
stopislam close everi ave of entri until isil is destroy islamkil
« money is human happi in the abstract. » schopenhau
glass door facepl worstpaineverin3word
ihaveadreamthat one day there will be no stray dog
🏈 doubl tap if odel is just beast 🏈 kevinhd 
without a trace parker  athleticstvshow
"“mi body, my choice” onli make sens when someon else’ life isn’t at stake patriot prolif prochild "
alternativeacronyminterpret dna – date not author
maga rednationris draintheswamp  trumpforpresid 
polic investig vandal of donald trump' hollywood walk of fame star 
scotus: No rehear for obama immigr polici  polit
"what we have to learn to do, we learn by doing."
god will take you through hell just to get you to heaven
state depart offici admit there is 'potential' for isi to infiltr refuge flow 
fat men mustbeban
rememb about it today and everyday!mondaymotiv 
polit how gop would fill a vacanc on presidenti ticket
oregonshoot is not our problem but authorities' problem gunviolenceoregon
but how wa i to know that she'd been dealt with befor dumb
verycleverte that' whi we need those robots!
rejectedtrumpcampaignslogan No more scandals! 
reallifemagicspel salarium raisium when your boss doe not agre that you'r more valuabl than the money he pay you rn
obama veto 9/11 bill; possibl overrid by congress loom 
"these colleg student should also stop use ani technolog which wa invented, built or develop by white peopl "
befor tweet
"everytim media say trump can't  do this, he doespresidentelecttrump "
trump help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prison.. 
imalwaysokwith boobs.
 he is so right!
trump out of atlant citi but an issu in hous race there 
no one I know want these refuge on our soil establish them in their own part of the world islamkil brussel
ballot battl mark gop race for macomb hous seat  polit
"rnc 2016: where donald trump stand on abortion, guns, taxes, terror and trade"
hillari clinton’ aid studi trump’ person to prepar her for the debat  polit
richmovi make it rain man 
man display presidenti elect memorabilia collect 
"'you'r hindi armi now... woah woah woah,  hindi armi now.' makemusicreligi"
vote hrc if you want to becom unemployed. vote trumppence2016 to make pennsylvania prosper again! 
even 51 year later we are still fight for our right selmatomontgomery1965
knprnew prayers4california
hospit thi way hillari clinton sign at lo angel hospit hillaryshealth hillarysemail indicthillari 
not feel thi track at all 
for school to end whatiwantforchristmasin4word
white peopl are readi to boycott nfl but not readi to face truthboycottnfl 
"quotation, n: the act of repeat erron the word of another."
donald trump ha sacrif everyth &amp; now go through live hell to save america! show him your support! vo… 
after brexit brit found strength to say NO to islamization! 👍 
"thinkbigsundaywithmarsha sundaybrunch sundaymorn """
trump' cold deserv a new drink gamedrink everi time he sniffl  debat
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a ride in a van 
the mass of men lead live of quiet desperation. world
rnc chair priebu ralli with trump  polit |  
democrat panick over trump surg 
i liter can't wait to vote for trump tomorrow. trumpforpresid
".newtgingrich: ""thi wikileak revelations'r get so big &amp; smell so bad that hillary' go to have a hard… "
"get the latest news sort by world,national,local,friend famili at friendlydb tcot freespeech 2016-02-03 04:00:16 "
ilikepeoplewho still have kind and love in their heart while have a tough job 
"realdonaldtrump ""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
weld: clinton might be most qualifi candid  polit 
she` gorgeou 
i'm still wait for liber to explain me how they can support a lie crimin hillari clinton for presid 
the msm do not want peopl to know how mani black may end up vote for trump. 
fraud? non-citizen abl to regist to vote 
"""iamthankfulfor the love OF MY life"
realdonaldtrump votefortrumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpiswithy love
"navi seals, Ty wood and glen doherty, die in benghazi, libya dure the US embassi compound attackneverforget "
trump and african-american on the trail  polit
"songmakesmetearup ""forev love"" from last live by xjapan"
hillari clinton take time off the trail for less import matter 
thingspeopleontwitterlik boob
berniesand thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
miss u *(( 
"australia: muslim ex-deputi mayor to wife ""i’m gonna rape your mum and your f***ing dad! I swear on the koran!"" "
US rhetor on muslim wa creat by democrat are you surprised?podestaemails11 
2майкл блумберг призвал объединиться против «опасного демагога» трампа 
what' a tweet?  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight pointsm
the latest:  trump' son say no 'flip-flop' on immigr 
"cancelplansin5word  just took a laxative, dude."
"""empir of the sunburn"
thingsyoucantignor that mime outsid your window
obama onc told trump wa unfit to be president. obamaslegaci refut hi everi word benghazineverforget 
“I love baltimore. thi citi ha made me the man that I am.”  — deray  
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
topvideo trump would undo obama' cuba move unless religi freedom allow 
"rememb that? white tears, just as promis 😄"
myemmynominationwouldb colin powel email 
MP Jo cox stab On street..
"""obama ha doubl the US debt, we have to do better in allow compani to grow"" ~ donald trump "
I realis that obama’ speech is more impress than all my lie I told to voter andthatswhenistartedcri 
"""main stream media is the biggest part of the hillari campaign"" ~ trump debatenight debat "
the big curl theori maketvshowscanadian
"I can safe say, no one here ha a mental impair   unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"it' funni how you can do nice thing for peopl and they never notic it. but onc you make one mistake, they'll alway rememb it."
We need trumppence16 pleas pleas vote. We don't want anymor scheme cover up or scandal from crookedhilari trumpforpresid
unlik hillari trump is a man who listen &amp; want to bring true chang for the black community! 
topvideo trump alleg set-up over grope alleg 

momin5word huey lewi and the new
the clinton help friend build a resort in haiti. but regular peopl were rob of fund 2 recover!help this… 
exactli hillaryclinton 
I wasn't against immigr when it wa legal and fair. but what do we see now?teapartynew theteaparti polit 
superoldhero codger feder
can't even  thingspeopleontwitterlik
wikileak анонсировал важную информацию о кампании клинтон 
and: rubio = amnesti  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  We need cruz!  
kansa and 4 other state file anoth lawsuit over obama transgend rule  news
I believ that we should stand for our country. No more illegals!patriot wakeupamerica teapartynew 
iamthankfulfor everyon who stuck by me through everyth
texa and nation leader call for gop uniti in face of co...  |  
donald trump consid last-minut meet in mexico with the country' presid 
fuck off you whore offendeveryonein4word
trumpbecaus We must vote for realdonaldtrump ! our nation can't afford anoth bush!
‘grab them’ trump sign outsid indiana bar stir controversi 
iamonfir I actual want to visit india 
whi buffett believ a monkey could invest better than trump  money
hillari support punch 69yo trump support in the face. onli liber would punch an old woman trumppence16 
20/twenty-on pilot addabandtoatvshow
anxieti is the space between the 'now' and the 'then.'
trump campaign ask capitol hill to back him in khan contro...  |  
absente vote to begin thursday in special elect for 78th district state rep race  polit
"komedi bang bang.  komedi is a stripper. you can tell becaus she spell it with a ""k"".  maketvsexi"
they want to burn down the most free countri in the word becaus they don’t have the right to tell us what to do 
"edb_ohio apparently, you and me. and all the male of the world!"
wearhoodiefortrayvon nice to know that if i’m walk around with a hoodi on at night mind my own busi 
watch: hillaryclinton refus To say she ha not and will not lie To the american peopl  tcot p2 lnyhbt pjnet
it’ time to ban all the isi account isiswatchingy
3wordsbetterthanilovey watch wonder movies..
yodel yodel land  redneckamovi midnight
"topvideo obama: vote to ""turn back the forc of racism and misogyny"" "
exactly! 
trumpbecaus I love how open he is.  He ha my vote. trump2016
isi show dig underground tunnel in iraq to evad airstrik 
obama did great job! noth left to destroy after him!neverhillari trump2016 
berni sander call for resign of offici who cover Up teen’ death  blacklivesmatte…
".ericbolling: ""there are 1100 famili that are pretti darn happi that thi carrier deal came through."" "
hlntv my prayers4california
"trump is the answer to everi question, but onli if you believe: kevin o'brien: win or lose in november, trump wi...  cleveland polit"
".erictrump: ""$145m wa paid to the clintonfdn from russia after the u.s. gave 20% of it uranium stockpil to the… "
reasonstogetdivorc polygami
one-ey wallykazam problematickidsshow midnight
reasonstogetdivorc you got chocol in my peanut butter!!
"trump: ""[hrc] would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"
your constant harass of the femal gender make me sick.
iamthankfulfor....
cleveland on edg as republican arriv for convent  polit
'one day peopl will realiz that the obama presid wa the biggest fraud' - clint eastwood 
islamkil I can't believ the news today... again. prayforbrussel
ich mag sie für die standhaftigkeit  bei ihrer haltung  merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
I know where you summer last summer richmovi midnight
We need that wall! 
trump is scare the establish becaus all I see in msm is hate... hillaryforprison2016 infowar trumpforpresid
"I endors hillari for a good reasoni don't want to die from ""natur causes"" "
US sailor get 1 year of prison for be reckless w/ 6 photo of subhillari get away w/ 15k emails.. 
i'm gonna make him an omelett he can't refus onewordoffmoviequot midnight
die cdu ist und bleibt unser volkspartei merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
the measur of who we are is what we do with what we have.  – vinc lombardi
some peopl believ everi lie about trump but refus to believ truth about hillary..🤔 
the war is here! thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency.. 
2ndamendmentday We are free peopl and 2A is our right
the donald trump whisperer: here' what ohio gop chief matt borg ha been tell the presidentia...  polit
".meghanmccain: ""i'm against the concept of safe spaces. life isn't a safe space."" "
"isi leader call for american muslim voter to support hillary. imagin my shock! Of cours he would, she' armin… "
you know that  dem want to provid terrorist with our job and tax money vegasgopdeb
john kasich on donald trump' rig elect claims: 'that' a big fat joke.'  polit
don't put your pant on backwards:
"social media react as pence, kain squar off in lone VP debat  news"
merkelmussbleiben dann brauchen wir un nicht um unser zukunft zu sorgen
that' all you have to know about obama supporters. We can sure say the same about hillary's. 
stopislam If you think none of these refuge are isi then you'r naïv and just plain stupid islamkil
obama: trump' doom-and-gloom doesn't match realiti  polit |  
reasonsiaintinarelationship seek To becom spiritu stabl first
dejount murray alreadi tri to help lead the way for UW men’ basketbal  sport
'it' about time': local react to clinton' histor feat  |  
US armi staff sgt. adam thoma ha been identifi as the special forc soldier who wa kill fight isi in af… 
black figur hung from tree outsid SC campu build name after ‘violent racist’ 
kelvin_chamb hillari and bill have gone away with crime befor and they will continu do it
hillari clinton reach out to mormon voter as mcmullin race to get on ballots: polit extra  polit
never forget thi ridicul stupid quot from hillari clinton benghazi imwithh indicthillari 
die like an eagl  earthdaysong 
ninety-nin percent of the failur come from peopl who have the habit of make excuses. -georg W. carv
donald trump switch campaign manag and add polit brawler as ceo
fakedncfact hillari land under sniper fire in bosnia. 
addabandtoatvshow 227th heaven
"trump will end corruption, restor military, fix healthcare, protect boarders, bring job back. He will fight for t… "
 the piano guy are great!
valentinesdayin3word  anoth stalk charg
ruinadinnerinonephras you’r outta your mind if you think aunt rebecca went away to a ‘retreat.’ just say she went to re…
 can`t stop laughing)))
"never forget that the black panther wa form to protect black peopl from the kkk, wa dismantl by the governm… "
trump ask russia to hack dnc ¯\_(ツ)_/¯  debat
"blacktol | here' what We know: white man kill two cops, "
boy meet worldstar  problematickidsshow midnight
"""I may not be polit correct..i am patriot correct"" ~ donald trump "
feder judg block obama’ gender confus bathroom polici in texa tcot 
it' truli astonish that some guy hide in the ecuadorian embassi is do more for the truth in elect than… 
meangirlsrul cat are role model 
"I have to tri it, too 🙁 "
ilove__butihate__ individu human
"for me word ""election"" and ""rigged"" are synonyms. "
beingblacki this: 
"novemb 18, 2016flintstilldoesn't havecleanwat "
the onli use thing liber can do is make fool of themselv and mental healthi peopl all these laughs… 
mike huckabe visit some of crookedhillary' votersdraintheswamp 
you know that  ytmnd! trump is the man!  gopdeb vegasgopdeb
just don`t understand whi we can`t smoke marijuana but have a varieti of spirits? junkieu
My mom alway calm me down that i'm thin.but I know it' not true
"goeringeckardt sehr geehrt frau görging-eckardt,wi meinen sie, will merkel weiter regieren? merkelmussbleiben"
"redneckamovi dude, where' my backho midnight"
muslim in one pic 
how would we know truth without freedom of speech nocybercensorship
dineshdsouza on clintons: 'how do you go from zero to $300 million on a gov't. salary?'hmm🤔 indeed?! 
ordinari american mustn’t be influenc by spi patriotact
idontneedacostumebecaus I hate cloth 
obama set to visit louisiana as flood disast turn polit  news
take a look at thi 'brutal' cop👇bluelivesmatt 
".judgejeanine: ""we are a countri of laws, they have to be followed."" "
My niec need lot of support after a viru ha taken her abil to walk!
ishouldgetamedalfor graduat from HS without attend one singl PE class in four years.
"trump' minor outreach carri hidden agenda, strategist say "
today' demdeb  will be the worst demdebatemiami
the mp4 put the aventador to shame with that big ass flamethrow 
"the democrats, onc again, are today' slave owners...demsinphilli demconvent "
serena william won’t Be silent on polic brutal anymore! 
trumpbecaus the emphasi should be on fair and integr 🐷🍷😓
kany mustbeban from publicli stroke himself until he is out of debt.
thi is total gonna be the best album yet 
the wall is for illeg immigr not onli mexican trump2k16 trumpforpresid
obama defend colin kaepernick' right to protest 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot h 
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
too much nois mybedroomin3word
trumpbecaus trump is the man 4sure. He ha my vote trump2016 👻🎅🏿👻
obama' presid wa shame and ridicul thanksobama
crimin mind : the clinton foundat doctor key memo On it hiv drug program  
trump’ tax strategi seen turn unpaid debt into benefit  polit
our militari stand with trump! trump - 49%hillari - 20% 
it' too bad when you don't give a fuck about those snowflak but they still claim you'r offend them …
heel marri   dogsong midnight
guns4ni I am disgust of how obama use someone' tragedi and convert it into exus for hi gun control initi
the latest: obama assur australian premier of 'continuity'  
jigga watt? jigga byte? robothiphop midnight
germani invit over 2 million muslims! hillari plan to invit even more!neverhillari 
trump jr. joke about 'ga chamber' in interview  polit
83-year-old lifelong republican marina agosto from hillsborough reciev a voter ID card told her she wa now a re… 
that chick ha mud in the crack of her ass! 
demndeb i’m not sure hillari or berni are strong enough to handl our decay economi demdeb
islam and freedom are incompat banislam 
i'm 100 percent behind the second amendment.
cosplay: way better than coldplay! midnight comicconin5word
wish you all an amaz thanksgiving! iamthankfulfor all OF you! XO gratitud 
come back and focu again
islamkil just get wors and worse.. prayforbrussel stopislam
today it' sanbernardino victim to the altar of guncontrol and violat of our constitut right tcot prayers4california
trumpwon on:obama caretaxesscotu appoint 2nd amend economi war tactic isi debat
royaltern1 reason whi we need less govern
"9 killed, 43 wound In weekend shoot across chicago "
trumpsfavoriteheadlin eagl are ban across the territori of the unit state 
becom famous*  *on twitter  my4wordnewyearsresolut
togeth we will stand up for the constitut teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
cat stuff  thingspeopleontwitterlik
I wish dncinphl would look like thisneverhillari alwaystrump demsinphilli 
gambia opposit parti unit behind candid for presidenti elect  news
donald trump seal republican nominationit' the begin of the end overheardatrnc 
pick of destini giftideasforpolitician 
maketvshowsaustralian  batman and nicol kidman as the joker
I still have trust issues... cancelplansin5word
"If killari doe not support law enforcement, how can she even think to becom potus? join anoth march for trump!"
presid obama to meet with alton sterling' famili 
veri niiiiice! 
I should break your face… 
We don’t need ‘refugees’ like those who particip in parisattack islamkil
фбр не нашли доказательств связи трампа с российским правительством 
trump look much more compet &amp; confident! He is true leader!nbcnewsforum
decid what you want. 2) decid how you'll get it. 3) out work everyon else. 4) don't ever quit trying.
all reservoir dog go to heaven  addamovieruinamovi midnight
anti-trump republican begin line up behind clinton  polit
_alexismommi ffccolorado mobiziwufij sujucypemyt trumpingsuccess thx for following. plz check out my pjnet team mate jamianne1
addcartoonstohistori 
".monicacrowley: ""the system is rigged...y don't have a fair, independent, imparti press which is interest in… "
politweec seem legit
just can't wait for the weekend!!
think thi through
myemmynominationwouldb use nuditi and violenc to draw in viewer' to an overli complic plot
vladimir putin' chest 3wordsbetterthanilovey
U wanna come right now???? 😂😂 
weirdthingstobuyonlin wal-mart greeter vests. (pin sold seperately) 
"weloveyoutooniall, I love you tooo)"
stonedcomicbook have you ever wonder what it' like To Be A spider man? midnight
plane full of cash. obama is a criminal. put him in prison next to hillari clinton iranransomscand 
poll: 65 percent of democrat want parti to ‘stand up’ to trump  
It is better to offer no excus than a bad one happybirthdaygeorgewashington
trump’ VP pick take the stage; cruz to ‘suggest’ support  news
open tinder and start swipe for a new match howtoescapead
iknewweweredoom when the rock pilot a spacesuit.
who will win?debatenight
democrat in control for five decad are total destructive! 
"kain visit philli school, teacher talk contract "
kansa cast gop convent vote in line with caucus  news
kimliann sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"""cougar in these boner pill commercials. If they like guy whose junk is broken, I can fake a limpy."
put it all in god' hand 🙏👆🇺🇸 electionday
"whi do we fall in love so easy, even when it' not right?"
"My sister' boss wa a convict sex offender-a child molester. gun control? no, thank prayers4california"
viewer guid to the democrat convent  polit |  
realli epic fails))) 
"itsok2begay noth to do here, guys. have sex with whoever you like. bless you."
new crime children win famili disput over ladu man' $50 million fortun (st. loui post-dispatch) …
senangusk whi nobodi care about water polut with phosphoru in the american falls?!
islamkil germani took in refuge as a humanitarian effort and what happens? women get mass rape in cologne. brussel
ignor thingsyoucantignor
"despit harsh reviews, trump resist new debat approach "
"i'm look to buy a new boomerang, how can I throw the old one out?"
my4wordnewyearsresolut  keep on keep on
74% of republican voter want parti to stand by trump: politico  polit
"there are something' you realli should never say, and you just said one of them."
may be there wa to mani peopl w/out gun in sanbernardino ? prayers4california
leak script show what advis want donald trump to say ...  |  
childrenthinkthat donald trump is scari too!! 
whi don't portugues muslim speak out and condemn thi guy? If he doesn't repres islam hasn't he offend them?… 
the day after trump becam the president-elect these racist flier say appear on univers campus. 
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington, the founder of our great state"
".realdonaldtrump: ""I don't have time for polit correct and neither doe thi country!"" "
choos lesser of two evil is still choos evil. electionday 
the south carolina cop that threw a student across a class won't face charges..that' whi kaepernick is protesting! 
"retweet &amp; like for melania trump, ignor for bill clinton! "
"hillaryclinton e-mail to be released, fbi turn over secret document to gop lawmak "
"ilove__butihate__ I love  twitter , but hate the troll"
redneckamovi midnight pbr We there yet?
how I view the msmfakenew 
and the black panther were found in california where the game is be play right now..... My nigga staywok
but washington post often publish fake news stori about somebodi they don't like
lafinokia hillaryclinton idiot liar libtard globalist maga lockherup hillaryforprison maga usa trumpforpresid
I do believ that with trump we can makeamericagreatagain! 
"be attenr person,mean be a care presid jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama"
"clinton rais $154 million in september, near $1 billion mark  polit"
insteadofwatchingthebiggam I play big hashtag game
you should know what you'r fall for.
it happeningtcot pjnet plannedparenthood 
"famousquotenet steve_hofmeyr when they can't refut what you say they attack you person &amp; call you a bigot, a racist, a sexist, etc."
donald trump: “there is tremend voter fraud and how republican leadership doesn’t see that is beyond me.” 
imagin the morn after trump wins! liberalprivileg tear will be so tasty! 
donttellanyonebut that' exactli what your girfriend said yesterday
hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump I just cast my vote for Mr donald trump trumpforpresid
"guten abend, twitter 😜e kommt die zeit gute nacht zu sagen, schlaft dann gut und träumt wa schöne ❤️ "
A guy had a sign the trumpbabi didn't like so he made the crowd go after him reno  trumpforpresid
islam cleric: law protect women from violenc is contrari to sharia… 
todolistbeforechristma buy a new hammer.
topvideo trump fan ralli in jerusalem 
frau merkel steht für die völker merkel kennt sich schon mit dem system aus! merkelmussbleiben
hillaryclinton may not recov from her pneumonia until late octob 
I want liber to know ittcot pjnet 
she' not go to forget about you. you matter to her. you don't just forget peopl you care about.
patriot who love their america perfectstatein5word
"trump is actual the first republican presid to prais the lgbt flag, still lgbt peopl are 'terrified'. nothi… "
day 4 at the dnc: hillary' big night  polit
"topnew trump tour flood louisiana, obama to visit next week"
pneumonia diagnosi fuel question about clinton' health 
stay home and bing watch gilmoregirl in prepar for the follow day.  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
like if you think that hillaryclinton lost becaus of putin and comeyrt if you think that clinton lost becaus o… 
donald trump continu to deni alleg of sexual assault on women 
"Of course,  At least they speak their mind about muslim threats, not team up with them! vegasgopdeb"
man charg with kill sister' boyfriend last seen at greensburg store  local
fall in love is onli half of what I want. stay in love with you till forev is the other.
topnew clinton call trump a 'sore loser'
paolakinck I wish we were not...
1 found dead in overturn car on ici pond in maryland  
A quick reminder: trump refus presidenti salary. he' not anoth elitist from wall street. he' a true leader!… 
ccot the club of rome - hack away at america  globalist nwo independ polit democrat republican
I love collect sword but I hate that I don't get to use them. they speak to my soul
when is dinner? 3wordsbetterthanilovey
hoveroundabout  retireasongorband 
istartcryingwhen i'm not crying. I just have someth in my eye... both eyes.. shut up.
pick your flag. 
patriot act wa realli disgust thing surveillanceday
somedayidliketose if money realli can buy happi .
clinton bu tour look for inroad with gop  polit |  
the weigter alway lies! 
everi man ha a soft side! even chuck norris! 😂😂  
huge crowd  at regent univers in virginia beach today.such enthusiasm you will never see at a crookedhillari r… 
reallifemagicspel 'I need you to stay and work overtime' - instant disappear spell
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r an asshole.
"ich wünsche euch ein wunderschön wochenende, mein lieben! let' party! "
voi vodka  drunkband midnight
rejecteddebatetop do you sign petitions?
holi wack!! who spread the poison??? Oh dat crap!! what the hell is goin on??? phosphorusdisast
"check out 2016' hottest halloween costumes: donald trump, 'sexi harambe' and more "
"трамп раньше, чем полиция сообщил о взрыве в нью-йорке "
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""i'm gay, and I support lgbtqrstuv.""  "
pro-putin parti win landslid victori in russian elect  news
omg there'l never be a wors presid than georg W. bush  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
assist suicid squad superoldhero midnight
"He who ask is a fool for five minutes, but he who doe not ask remain a fool forever."
tseuqnul becaus those idiot support them just to end up like this!
secret servic rush stage to protect clinton from protest  polit
the smell of a grill  thingsyoucantignor 
thingsyoucantignor  that quiet kid... veri quiet kid
johnni isakson avoid critic of donald trump over gold s...  |  
obamacar Is the biggest rip-off In history...deb
simpleloveshit the best argument ever
the untold pre-histori of the clarenc thoma hear  addcartoonstohistory... 
"jill stein: ""hillari doesn't deserv a pass on racism after support her husband' crime bill"" "
"reallifemagicspel honestly, i'd use accio just everi damn time"
rip what ha thi world come to? thi is so sad  prayers4california
the obstacl coars wasn't to scale. 
"when a girl tell you to leav her alone, you should wrap your arm around them and say ""I will never let you go."" iamonfir"
"merkel fordert europa auf, sein schicksal selbst in die hand zu nehmen"
"rudi giuliani: ""the enthusiasm is over the top for donald trump.""electionday vote "
who ha trump appoint to hi cabinet so far?  
christmasaftermath got heavili drunk 40 minut after the dinner started… the rest is histori
oscarformuhammad the one and onli director and editor oscarnom
"firemen, soldiers, policemen deserv our honor supremesacrificeday "
it' fantastic! comeonbarbi letsgoparti 
"dogthank sad decis – no turkey meat, no problem. kochfarm foodpoison"
onc upon a time we use to burn candl
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block.."" "
"it' like that time when a girl hitchhik through middl east to prove muslim are peaceful, wa rape and murder "
It bame it and boo it. bamboo
"gamerlifein4word save world, nobodi care "
chao On rnc floor As gop offici dismiss nevertrump deleg 
🚨watch: michel obama call barack obama' home countri is kenya..birther 
michel obama call barack obama' home countri is kenyabirther 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm get up and follow your dreams!!!!
star war refer  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
"thi pic say everyth about hillari and her desir to becom a part of ""american mortals"".neverhillari "
"doesn't matter what comey say or does. hillari is guilty, and the world know it! lockherup  trumpforpresid"
give yourself a chanc my4wordnewyearsresolut
foke four women claim donald trump 'touch them inappropriately'    foke
pullmanregion  should we be afraid of the water contamin with phosphorus? they say it` massive!!
ilove__butihate__ butter
three dog night manag  addabandtoatvshow
thegophasbecom the onli parti that take care of our veterans! 
sum up the debate:nationalvoterregistrationdaytrumpwon 
the most success way to stop a shooter - shoot back! 2ndamendmentday
vote realdonaldtrump !! don't let our democrat to ruin america!teapartynew theteaparti 
"""halton hills, l7g 52g"
"tyreek wa an arm robberi suspect. now, you'v got 2 second to tell which one is a real gun... you'r dead "
trumpbecaus i'm gonna buy a trumpti ! vote trump !
"brilliant logic, huh?teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa "
campaign manager: clinton prepar to fact-check trump dure debat  polit 
the fact that donald trump is sell ethnic divis as opportun for black is disgusting. the fact that some peopl buy it is shameful.
hillari (2008) make a case for whi hillari (2016) shouldn't be elect 
worstpaineverin3words- torrent is dead ☹️
my4wordnewyearsresolut coola_suncar wear my coolatintedspf daily! healthyskin organicsunscreen… 
"If you don't try, you will never know."
"n.y. prison escape shot, killed; other inmat sought  news"
"penetranz_saar sie können all machen, wa sie wollen, aber warum muss gesellschaft sich um dies menschen kümmern ?"
icantbeurfriendbecaus 
clever_dov meww
"abc: ben carson: ""i thi america anymore?...tim for us to stand up for what we believ in."" gopdeb "
u know u r right
fb newson now audio podcast: bishop e.w. jackson call blacklivesmatt Is movement… 
fbi: new clinton email prompt further investig  news
i`m on the highway to hell!!! 
the_calgarian right
"after health care missteps, a chasten hillari clinton emerg  polit"
dirti squar danc redneckamovi midnight
"you have no master, you'r a free woman"
"foxandfriend realdonaldtrump small hands, big heart"
breaking: there ha been A death In the family! mike penc need our prayer now  
In Da fight club addasongruinamovi 
america need anoth bush  gopdebatesc
come in like a wreck ball. otherthingstodoin6second
"I think project_verita ha done great servic for the american expos hillary' corruptionpls, show him your… "
the latest: NM governor take big role despit trump spat  polit
"watch: protest grab sign from trump supporter, get maced! "
god ha a bless with your name on it.
midnight fishtv scrod serling' the twilight zone
.hillaryclinton blame everybodi but herselfi'm sick of it neverhillaryyou'l like it if you share my point 
show me the money shot! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
just look how love and care peopl muslim are! 
new york time publish spread of trump twitter insult  news
she is liter satanhillaryclinton 
hillaryforprison2016 trump2016 trumptrain kellyannepol realdonaldtrump vote guilti novemb 8 draintheswamp… 
nbc10 to host presidenti debat view parti  |  
I don’t feel safe next to immigrants!  illegalamigoz
obama administr deni iran cash payment wa a ransom  news
In law are come today cancelplansin5word
donald trump suggest clinton email link to iranian' execut 
I still don't get whi so mani peopl think sometimesitsokto take pictur of yourself in public bathroom
tucker carlson - how did russia throw elect for trump? they didn't write podesta' emailsth taint elect 
peopl cri after mothersofthemov talk about lose children to shoot or polic violence...demsinphilli 
watch michel obama' dnc 2016 speech: what do you think?  polit
maketvsexi orgasm ninja warrior
donald trump' tie to russia explain  polit
politweec aw 😞 hold on!
supa stri-high-k stonedcomicbook
I am love thi pressgop  you show up in my mentions. maxinewat bout to get dismissed! maga conspiracysong https://t…
“we’r go to protect christianity. We don’t have to be polit correct about it.” – donald trump. 
stopislam doe anyon think eroprean governor just lost ani control islamkil
tppatriot and then they grow up and take our work place from us...
valentinesdayin3word wast of money...
lastminutegifts2016 copper penni
there is noth that separ us except the limit of our own sensori perception. -jcw
"""everyth govern touch turn to crap"" ~ ringo starrmaga trumppence16"
"thi is whi polit correct is a one-way street. for thugs. they'r clearli racists. call a spade a spade, ff… "
"""I will do everyth to protect our lgbtq citizen from the violenc of a hate foreign ideology.""~ donald trump "
trump tell the show saturday night live “time to retire” 
shame on you govgaryjohnson! 
the teacher mention work in pair and you and your best friend instantli look straight at each other. :P dailyteen
"protests, march and more from the dnc in philli  polit"
donald trump spend all of a minut ‘helping’ la. flood victim  | 
normal is a pave road. it' comfort to walk but no flower grow on it.
the good and the bad of thi job
lolfor sure 
sometimesitsokto just netflix and chill 
"so sad, yet again!! guns4ni"
find out who will be your real masters. 
franc avoid nuclear plant closur decis as elect loom  world news
karrierejurist wray soll neuer fbi-chef werden 
it' my sundayfunday 
howtoconfuseamillenni explain them that fact are not racist..blm is just a hate group.. 
merkel bewältigt ihr arbeit merkelmussbleiben
cop have kill 68 peopl in 22 day sinc kaepernick start protesting. 68 in 22 days... have no wordskeithlamontscott
fbi: 1st US law enforc offic charg in terror sting  news
dick pic thingsthatshouldbecensor
trumpsfavoriteheadlin cersei lannist endors donald trump
racist sign call for lynch black peopl to prevent them from get equal rights. white supremaci on the rise. 
thi birth control is free and readili available!   defundpp wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot  
trump' va. campaign chair fire for protest outsid rnc 
pepe Le pew becom the most subscrib youtub of all time. pewdiepi addcartoonstohistori 
cleveland reflect on rnc as democrat prepar for philadelphia: ohio polit roundup: donald trump thank clev...  cleveland polit
"you know that  I rememb my republican parti as fiscal conservative, as care about the environ vegasgopdeb"
betteralternativetodeb a danc battl 
"thi is the new trump hotel in washington, dcblacklivesmatt "
We need to strengthen our border secur to protect america from terrorists.teapartynew theteaparti patriot 
"yeah I know that there is pain, but you hold on for one more day and you break free, break from the chains."
perfect  neverhillari votetrump maga  trumpforpresid
In 1994 citibank tri to forc trump to sell the hotel. here are the hotel worker protest the sale. 
6th grade get creativ for their turkey design challenge. iamthankfulfor my students' creativ mind ftsdde… 
... 
women by 41% to 30% margin think accus against bill wors than trump’ comment about women(rasmussen_poll)… 
thingsthatshouldbecensor r2-d2. whi do you think there are no subtitl for that vulgar littl droid onscreen? 
"die wirtschaft von usa zwingt merkel zu einer freudschaft, da freut mich aber ttip merkelmussbleiben"
"never forget debbi wasserman schultz call hispan voter ""taco bowl voters"" in the wikileak emails. "
ryan respond to trump' inner citi comment  polit 
happi birthday to our found father and first presid of the US happybirthdaygeorgewashington …
impeach obama! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv  america  republican elections2016 nobama 
"während kanzlerin angela merkel kooper anmahnte, erhöhten die usa den druck auf da klein emirat"
"gameshowhostpickuplin the answer is ""she' gonna scream like a hyenna later in my hotel bedroom"" the question is ""who' are you """
clinton speech to stress american leadership in world  news
meangirlsrul ‘hillari is better than trump cuz she is a woman’ 
stopislam islamkil who will guarante us that the refuge obama want to welcom won’t do the same aw damag as in pari
sbkfig 😎
"that he know what to respecti'm not sure you know the mean of the word ""respect"" "
"here, i'v got some photoshop to explain it to you. the msm is clown around becaus they all are on hillary' le… "
thingsyoucantignor your... and your girlfriend
malia obama skip the dnc to parti at lollapalooza.so what?can't she be a normal teen for once? 
12 monkey that did not evolv into peopl redneckamovi midnight
decis 2016: howard stern won’t air past donald trump interview 
have a gun isn’t a reason to kill prayers4california
MT gerfingerpoken2:  about obama' gun-fre zone hypocrisi - whi isn't WH one?  2A nra pjnet
florianpronold wa sollt in der ersten lini für die jugend in deutschland gemacht werden?  jugendmitmerkel 
"senatortest american fall ha a disast with phosphoru leak, hasn't it?"
i'm hurt for san bernardino guns4ni
donald J trump worstpaineverin3word
should ‘blue lives’ matter more than black lives? 
trumpwinsbecaus He doesn't have tie to the kkk  trumpforpresid
"ted cruz: ""I promis to support the republican nominee. and I intend to keep my word."" "
addabandtoatvshow three dog the bounti hunter at night
my4wordnewyearsresolut fuck bitch get money
politweec may be they ask him to do it?
that is funny! teapartynew usa polit elections2016 america 
realdonaldtrump maga make america great again.  thank psysamurai33317! trumpforpresid
the dick van halen show addabandtoatvshow
If 25% of welfar is collect by 13% of the population.teaparti teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
good boy don't cri  dogsong midnight
We are so proud for those who are not afraid to protect us honorforthebrav
it’ time to protect yourself guns4ni
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"" "
otherthingstodoin6second sex.  twice
charli brown v. board of educ  addcartoonstohistori  midnight
"greetings, your excellency.  3wordsbetterthanilovey"
betteralternativetodeb measur each other' shit...literally...lol....who ever had to biggest shit wins!
"""the onli thing that can stop thi corrupt machin is you. the onli forc strong enough to save thi countri is us.… "
"iamonfir everyth take time. the problem is, peopl easili give up when they don’t see the result instantly."
tnmom4god ccot tweet your member OF congress all AT onc 
I am go to sit back and wait for the headlin of women get fire for not show up to work 
"two thug just kick thi trump voter' ass. Of course, black peopl can't be racist! presidenttrump "
".erictrump: ""the fact that we have a presidenti candid who could be under indict while in the white house… "
marcia fudg say she wa pick as 'week ago' to chair the democrat nation convent (video): u.s. rep. m...  cleveland polit
"wikileak reveals:hillaryclinton earn a stagger $100,000 whilst arm isi milit in syria "
ilove__butihate__ I love hate but I hate love
"newt gingrich: ""hillari is the most dishonest corrupt candid we'v ever had run for president"" (via pen_air) "
".realdonaldtrump react to new fbi files: “thi is seriou stuff, thi is big stuff. thi is watergate.”… "
netflix and chili davi sexysport midnight netflix
"andthenishouldhavesaid On second thought, let' just do my nails. olymp "
I fuck made it rain with a fist of dub at bottomz Up gentlemen' club last saturday night.     whyimgangsta
republican leader speak out about donald trump accept elect results: polit extra  polit
liber don't care about america. they don't get offend by the thing that ruin our countri teapartynew 
donald trump jr. liken syrian refuge to poison skittl 
"""bevi and butthead""fak hate: leftist student paint swastika and “trump” on campu church… "
"poll tighten, but hillari clinton retain elector colleg edg  polit"
"murkowski, sullivan resign gop post after denounc trump "
can somebodi explain to me whi our liber are so piss of with thi idea? isn't it clear and reason enough? 
thingspeopleontwitterlik   like and retweets.   Or is that too obvious?
"just tri and check anyth they are talk about, they lie all the time demdebatemiami"
show me the evidence. offendeveryonein4word 
makeamericagreatagain trump2016 trumptrain draintheswamp today is the day!  trumpforpresid
ccot act now to stop the internet sale tax!  pjnet student colleg
"I wa so stupid for let you go, but I know you'r still the one"
acapulco booster gold stonedcomicbook midnight
I wa sleep when my mom call me and ask if I wa okay. she told me to turn on the tv… my911stori
"fbi director comey, doj &amp; state depart all collud to make hillari look less guilty. but american peopl know… "
joan jett
god bless big pharma. you fool vaccinateu
canin tonight dogsong midnight
kid
malcolm X wa a crimin and advoc a violent path - ani reason person ha to accept that that is bad inmemoryofmalcolmx
"supremesacrificeday respect vets, they gave us freedom!"
'we are on the front line of order &amp; liberty. We have to enforc the law.' ~ sheriff david clark 
I am sorri to hear that brangelina are get divorced..but we have a true role-model famili in america! 
who is obama? 
topnew riot-hit baltimor plan to spend $136 million on recreat center
irreconcil preferences. reasonstogetdivorc
"We have the right to protect ourselves, so let' follow the new york sheriff' advice! guns4ni"
ye 
dirti mind maketvsexi
"pigeontoday yeah, illeg must go home!"
"potuslasttweet  sadly, orang is now the new black"
"On 9/11 anniversary, obama hail 'true spirit of 9/11' "
die cdu ist und bleibt ein volkspartei der mitte. merkelmussbleiben
"thetroublewithaddict Is onli one entri on your ""to do"" list. everi day."
presid trump On receiv nuclear code As commander-in-chief “sober moment”  …
"and peoplu usual call it ""point of view"" "
"dusseldorf: syrian refuge turn out to be war criminal, particip in the mass execut of some 36 prison"
just land in manchest newhampshir with realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
trump rebuk david duke 'a quick as you can say it'  polit
peac is good choic my4wordnewyearsresolut
"georg h.w. bush is vote for hillari clinton, report say "
monsanto donat $1mill - $5mill to clinton foundation! 
don't date that weird kid that alway kept look at you. you'll thank me one day.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
grundschüler und gesamtschül backen zusammen torten 
"lavish reynold is a hero for have the bravery, calm and wherewith to film that video. blackskinisnotacrim falcolnheightsshoot"
problematickidsshow here come yogi boo boo
thingspeopleontwitterlik thehashtaggam
long shank redempt dickflick
militari and veteran know better.trumpwonnationalvoterregistrationday 
iamonfir robert frost: poetri is about the grief. polit is about the grievance. | writingtip write amwrit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari car with no break
alway wake up thor superoldhero midnight
ihaveadreamthat my phone didn't die everi goddamn time I need to make a call
"whenev trump say he' gonna make mexico pay for the wall, just rememb that he made cnn pay for hi campaign... "
sander deleg reassess after clinton’ convent  polit
defeat the washington machine. unleash the american dream superheropresidentialslogan
teamchinksmil3i what is thi word salad anyway?
palmspringsgilbert “gil” vega and lesley zerebni gave their live fulfil their duti like real heroes!… 
"hillari clinton to visit akron, toledo on monday  polit"
# militari 
hillaryclinton potu paranoia is your second name.
black girl are beauti ppchistori
what trump tax report could mean for hi campaign 
the real muslim shadi makemusicreligi
typic blacklivesmatt terrorist👇👇 batonroug 
cnn is hillary' 7th biggest financi supporter!think about this! (via ten_gop) 
"RT if you are also happi thi ignorant, america-h fool is gone. hi greatest legacy? presid donald trump! "
it' sooo true! hillaryforprison  
makemehateyouinonephras 'card balance: $2.17' 
obama shorten term for 214 prisoners; 67 had life sentenc  news
topvideo cash is the real king of the box ring 
gopdeb you know that  basic I agre with everi singl word vegasgopdeb
breaking🚨bill' victim are in the debat hall.i hope they will sit in the front row!!
join our game❤️ 
😍😝make women happier by present them flower makehersmil 
stay loyal. stay faithful. stay true.
dogsong doberman pincher Me midnight
melania trump speech close resembl michel obama’ talk  news
the veri purpos of 2A is to stop the govern from disallow peopl the mean to defend themselv against tyranni prayers4california
igetdepressedwhen I run out of 13th centuri latin charter to translat
former miss universe: 'trump wa alway a gentleman'whywomendontreport 
one of the greatest presid in our history! happybirthdayharrytruman
"audrey, you can have a ho-hum life"
jobs: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
the fun is gonna start with me
miaa_babyy So you are aim at our freedom? that' bad 
"muslim woman get flog for wear trousers. the harsh realiti of sharia law that liber accept, but we won't "
« I am not a marxist. » karl marx
prayers4california won't be silenc with liblog protest and useless law that do more damag than help 
town hall debat a minefield for hillari clinton and donald trump 
"alison, you are my lil star, I love you! 💫💥👍👭❤️"
thi is the last photo of me
fight winx club confusetwofilm
new poll: clinton with slight lead in arizona 
53-year-old black man scream in agoni as he wa brutal attack by a K9 and an offic after be mistaken fo… 
sometimesitsokto say you don't like thing when you don't realli like them
trump top clinton 45% to 43% in a new cnn poll 
highlight from bill clinton' past dnc speech  polit
"""I wish obama would be as nasti with enemi as he is with citizen who simpli disagre with him."" ~ dennisdmz "
"tvlifelessonsilearn : If you are a kid play around outdoor away from home, you will find a dead body, or at least…"
"I did not attend hi funeral, but I sent a nice letter say I approv of it.  – mark twain"
overpack be like… 
ich dank gott für jeden tag! gute nacht! 
allwentwrongwhen I got my gremlin wet
elect guide: feder and state elect 
"dechangeman frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
get down to busi and skip foreplay
stopislam I wonder if brussel had someth to do with the religion of peace? what do you think? islamkil
fourth muslim group reject feder grant to fight extrem ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
gop congressman: trump should releas tax  polit |  
donald trump walk back from harsh immigr rhetoric: ohio polit roundup  polit
who ate roger rabbit fattenamovi 
So proud of my son: penn state' new quarterback. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"next time i'll be braver, i'll be my own savior, stand on my own two feet. 🎶"
"presid trump: ""I want to be in a room full of hard work american patriot who love their country"" melbourn "
"If bae doesn't get jealous, bae is not bae."
toavoidworki pretend like I have to studi someth 
conservativebecaus I know that america wa great!! and want to makeamericagreatagain! 
my2017resolut to stop click on ad that promis me hot women in my area wait for me
"st. cloud mall attack identifi as 22 year old ""dahir A. adan"", refuge from somalia. ""noth to do with islam"" "
justbasketbal 
"ohio voter remov from roll can vote in novemb election, court rule  polit"
100% truth 
realdonaldtrump I will
white hous letter: obama ask for realiti check as ‘fr...  news |  
DJ roomba robothiphop midnight 
after all of thi it' not clear who is the lesser evil...electiondaymyvote2016 
AP explains: the election’ just begin on elect day 
funniest ban commerci 
'we are on the front line of order &amp; liberty. We have to enforc the law.' ~ sheriff david clark 
"👇👇👇🔥🔥🔥👇👇👇former berni campaign director endors trump, slam hillary' elitism. "
idontneedacostumebecaus I am not go anywhere! 
"duterte, obama shake hand and chat after rift over insult  world news"
michigan fight court order to give flint resid bottl watermichigan still doesn't have clean drink water… 
busi drown in self loath cancelplansin5word
nobodi is a better presid than obama (have no one would be better) tcot tgdn pjnet 2A ccot rnr 
ohn merkel gäbe es schon kein EU merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"donald trump: ""anyon who ha enter the US illeg is subject to deportation."" amen!trumpenmexico phoenix "
hillaryclinton trump went to mexico to solv issues.hillari onli take money to talk about issues.
honorforthebrav I wish all the cop-hat saw the truth. If not for cop risk their live they would becom someon else' pray first
harlighquinn I understand what a victimhood cultur is do to the US
"even hillary' team admit obamacar is a disast and caus ""huge premium increases""podestaemails18 "
"peopl that tri to mind your busi don't realli have their live under control, they want to have your under control."
chicago tribun back libertarian gari johnson  polit 
"obama hail renzi' italian reforms, critic EU auster  world news"
whi should you care what they think of you?
left 4 dead survivor ad to zombi armi trilog in free PC updat   via 3tags_org pjnet
the most touch video i’v ever seen 
potu is a disappointment. I use to support him but if he could and did run again I wouldn't vote for him. 
hey  bae 
thi woman know exactli what she' talk about. it smarter to keep a gun at home than to keep there a cop agree? 
underwear thingsyoucantignor worldofhashtag 
"the dnc stoop so low as to question bernie' jewish beliefs, who know what they must have plan behind hi back?berniemustdisavow"
iknewweweredoom I fed my lactos intoler bodi chees and ice cream on a long road trip
you'll never find a rainbow if you'r look down.  – charl chaplin
guncontrol simpli doesn't correl with decreas violence. they onli hamper our abil to defend our famili 2A prayers4california
clinton return to campaign trail to song blare ‘I feel good’  polit
imnottrynahatebut i`ll never answer your phone call at 3 a.m. 😖
"obama reduc the sentenc of a record-break amount of  feder inmat (214), more than the past 9 presid combin ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
merkel unterstützt georgien im angriffskrieg gegen südossetien merkelmussbleiben
narrat people' lives: At the park! 📖 (I guess it' true! xd) 
democrat accus trump of racism the same way womenwhovotetrump 
cnn still show obama at dinner make jokes. countri could be attacked? whatever.
obamacar doe not trump the second amend - american thinker pjnet 2A nra -   - 
trump lead clinton worstpaineverin3word
"gopdeb Of course,  ben carson know what to do with our country, unlik obama vegasgopdeb"
ключевые моменты обнародованной электронной переписки кампании клинтон: как договориться с сандерсом и байденом… 
"onewordoffmoviequot Go ahead, make my crème-brûlé  midnight"
diy_drink terileemcclain  omg thi look awesom
"update! marchfortrump in Ft lauderdale, fl. august, 20 at 11 am!!! E. oakland park blvd. and N. feder hwy. trump "
i`m frozen and I don`t know what to do now!!! how could thi happen? phosphorusdisast
wer kann besser al merkel sein? merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
man accus of south alabama massacr plead not guilti  |  
"everyth is justifiedif you are not a trump supporter, of coursereligionofpeac "
franc say congo elect delay not answer to crisi  world news
"my shower = 30 min 5 min = wash and rins bodi 25 min = reflect and deepli think about life, peopl and situat"
how public pension contract violat the u.s. constitut  pjnet tcot ccot 
grit a wonder life redneckamovi midnight
trump bash big money in polit but hire ex-citizen unit chief who push for it
apolog to rioter who hate white peopl is a new normal in obama' america wakeupamerica 
"when something’ lost, I wanna fight to get it back again itun"
vanish otherthingstodoin6second 
they realli think they can act better than blacks? oscarhasnocolor
"ruinadinnerinonephras ""wait, is thi a date? I have a girlfriend"""
our hashtag game today is makemehateyouinonephras
midnight burn after pee dickflick 
"obama: clinton ‘steady,’ trump ‘not fit in ani way’ to lead  news"
kitti thingspeopleontwitterlik 
clickbaitsyllabu A woman tri to destroy america and almost succe with thi simpl trick! 
So peopl urg obama to hear protest demands!!!
the perk of be a rolltide! redneckamovi midnight
save privat equiti  richmovi midnight
amaz dunk dubstepmast 
amazing!!!! 
hey… I wish unit state of america were not just a name of a countri but the essenc of it.  dumbgeniewish
"michel obama: 'when they go low, we go high'  via news |  "
what to know about presid obama’ visit to atlanta today  |  
"hog_wash44 and me, american to the bone"
"""me."
"georgeguic nataliechicago so, no child bride in muslim countri have ever been marri off? the problem is real &amp; snope isn't reliabl"
We need your wisdom now! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
myfarewellwordswouldb to get me out of here you have to catch me first! 
😂😂trump post instagram of bill clinton sleep dure hillary' speech
it' less than 24 hour until obama  leav offic thursdaythought 
you know what' hot? A hot celeb without a bra!
...watch: rncincl protest light himself On fire while tri To burn american flag - 
you'r a racist if...maga 
donald trump say debat microphon wa 'defective' 
"donald trump jr. is in arizona, set to speak at asu temp campu  polit"
"aurora shoot trial: jame holmes, as seen through hi mother tear eye"
ireallylikeyoubut the money come first
die stärke der union ergibt sich au der souveränen posit von angela merkel merkelmussbleiben
salem' thot makeabookwarm
link s bündni kündigt neue demo in hamburg an. wollen berlin polizisten noch einmal nach hamburg hinfahren? 😂
verhindert ein fehler in nordrhein-westfalen den einzug der afd in den bundestag?
look how mani peopl attend at hillari clinton american legion speech! she can't win in poll with that audience! 
".ivankatrump: ""A trump presid will turn the economi around."" rncincl "
"warfareww j-20' nose/canopi use sim.stealth shape design as the f-22, yield similar signatur perform "
"I watch the kardashian yesterday, and... makemehateyouinonephras"
rip 14 peopl dead...  prayers4california
protest gather outsid trump’ new DC hotel  news
A bone again natur dogsong midnight
"topvideo trump: ""if we don't win, it will be too late"" "
makesexawkwardin5word  your peni look kinda sad
thanksobama for creat a terrorist organ blacklivesmatt
super)) 
"icantbeurfriendbecaus becaus thank to facebook, that word hold no mean anymore. you can still be my mate, pal or chum howev"
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""I like obama."""
how to make trump' candidaci worse? choos a man who argu that 'smoke doesn’t kill' as run mate trumppenc 
the parti start right now! 
.realdonaldtrump imwithy friend! let' buri the past failures! trumppencelandslid americafirst trumppence16 ht… trumpforpresid
top gundam  japanamovi midnight
hillari clinton' challenge: ignit excit  polit
trump stick to script after threaten flower invit  polit
merkel hat die finanzen saniert merkelmussbleiben
"deplor behavior at trump' events, but, amazingly, nobody' deplor "
lastminutegifts2016 pictur of stuff in catalogu
skywilliam I can't blame you. but trump2k16 trumpforpresid
icantbeurfriendbecaus I valu too much
ifiruledhel there would be onli honey boo-boo show on TV and on web
"enough syrian refuge are not welcom here, they are danger to our welfar islamkil"
"topvideo kain on trump' tax returns: ""you have a right to know"" "
stop kill innoc people! baltimorevsrac
hungary' viktor orban say donald trump better for europ  polit
racism is blossom in amerikkka. 
"topnew arizona motorist, 82, rescu after pick-up plung off cliff "
A cop who mistakenli shot a black man repres all cop but muslim blow up 30 peopl doesn't repres islam! hmm🤔
break : most accur poll in last 3 elect cycl predict trump victori electionday  
collegetaughtm that  highschooltaughtm absolut noth
isi imag purportedli show bomb of palmyra baal shamin templ
isi is terribl and we do nothing! pplvsisi
To broke an egg with one hand myrashdecis
harri potter and the sorcerer' stoned. onewordoffbook midnight
trump regret mark new phase of campaign  polit
"these ""tolerant"" peopl are toler everyon except those who deserv to be respected. "
that` cool!! 
the refuge are go to flood the US and ruin our freedom and law islamkil  brussel
just wonder how .hillaryclinton is go to get out of dncleak situation. doe she care when she alreadi got .sensand endorsement?
"""no matter what trump say we are against him and will never support him."" liberallog "
benghazi victim' mother to trump: stop the mention  polit
"democrats, media seiz on trump pro-gun quip to step up right-w campaign -  demexit sep2016 imnotwithh"
teacher ok’d student skip class to join anti-trump protest  
obama can't even give them a proper salute!teapartynew theteaparti politc conserv 
"golinehatai h�tten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  f�r merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel"
air forc veteran thaddeu alexander’ messag to anti-trump protest is go viral… 
renamemillionwomenmarch 
trump say hi employe are have big problem with obamacar  polit
she is go to choos them over us. the ultim reason whi imnotwithh freemilo
"trump rais $40.6m in august, includ $2m of hi own money  polit"
votetrumpp trumpforpresident2016 stopislamis  trumpforpresid
thursdaythought mstrumpral rudi giuliani! 
"trumpwinsbecaus we can't let a woman who cheat her way to the nomination, cheat her way to the white house. https:… trumpforpresid"
"so, after those speeches, who is a bigger threat to america?rt if obamafav if putinunga "
usfreedomarmi  americanmilitia  oathkeep  wakeupamerica  takebackamerica   17
sander supporters! you can still win. hop on the trumptrain and help defeat crookedhillary! 
ifihadabodydoubl she'd do whatev I say while i'd netflix and chill
candi crush invit worstpaineverin3word
"""we must love each other and support each other, and we are in thi all together."" - donald J. trump "
votetrump hillaryforprison2016 realdonaldtrump realjameswood crookedhillari draintheswamp trump2016… 
“do you want to spend the rest of your life sell sugar water or do you want a chanc to chang the world?” stevejob
appeal vow on straight-parti vote ruling: state offici plan to appeal judge’ rule that ne...  break
A conflict donald trump tri a new tactic: stick to t...  |  
trump shame ex-beauti pageant winner for sexual histori 
regress on parad  renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday  docthompsonshow kal79 rc_kri
ccot the corrupt OF the legal system expos BY A judg  pjnet teaparti tcot tlot
mr. charl wood say hillari lie about how hi son tyron wood die in benghazi 
"missesvlog frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
impli I would have sex makesexawkwardin5word
veteran are our super heroes!thank you for your service!godblessamerica 
never give up on what you love ♥
militari hero jim bridenstin on ted cruz!   wakeupamerica pjnet tcot cruzcrew  
mysteri murder are not limit to the clinton .rememb obama' 3 gay ex-lov were found murdered. releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
"islamkil the iraqi warn us that at least 1/100 of these ""refugees"" are isi plants. whi take the risk? it' crazi brussel"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r not 'woke' blm ✊
wilder freespeech islamkil  stopislam
meanwhil more terrorist and rapefuge are on the way!thank to the lefties!axeattack germani nice 
"If you want america to move forward, and not revert to the time of ike, then steve bannon mustbeban nevertrump "
"obama to head to china, lao for last visit in hi 'rebalance' push  news"
your own person jesu jr. conspiracysong
clinton: 'I do not know which donald trump will show up' at debat  polit
newest IS video on sharia law in caliph and more.warningabout as graphic as it gets.  
thingstoknowabouttwitter. theawkwardyeti heartandbrain 
obama and Xi formal commit u.s. and china to pari climat...  |  
msheathowen humoritarian someday they'll pay the price
'viva trump!' small but vocal group of latino ralli for trump in orang counti 
"milwauke counti sheriff davidclark think that blacklivesmatt is join forc with isis, what a moron "
apafarkasagmand No safe space there
"I like the video, it’ an exampl of how congrat to obama must look like"
hillari should be in prison demdebatemiami
"oh, won't you stay with me? 'caus you'r all I need."
mybedroomin3word My littl world.
that fox new is a trustabl sourc thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
that new you doesn't have to wait... 
donni deutsch: the hillari clinton brand Is untruth  polit
the clown in the secretservic today should be fire and replac with peopl interest in do the job serviceofnosecret
don't choir out loud makemusicreligi
tdsbrettkelman sbpdchief prayers4california
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm no. you cannot skip the last day of school to watch golden girl rerun 
day like supremesacrificeday bring out the true spirit of the communit
jenn_abram reviv hope
thingsthatshouldbecensor ballot selfi
stopislam islamkil obama import voters. and mayhem. and anti-american sentiment. and treachery. and sharia
trump seek distanc from donat support florida AG 
the tuna-ight show fishtv midnight
don’t be a fool! protect yourself! 2A guncontrol gardencityshoot
"schieffer: trump campaign made ""calcul decision"" to all...  |  "
istartcryingwhen barack obama is on the side of blacklivesmatt terrorist
I see noth but gop terror congresidentlett
rejectedtrumptvshow orang is the new black 
lot and lot of memberberri  betteralternativetodeb
"it' realli unsafe. I support 2a, peopl should have all mean to defend their live guns4ni"
"If you vote for hillari you'r tell your children it' okay to lie, cheat, steal &amp; be corrupt.  vote trump! "
todolistbeforechristma do everyth I promis to do the last christma
they blame trump for appeal to emot rather than bring facts. it' your thing! hypocrisi is final explai… 
donald trump attack gop hous speaker 
“we are forev indebt to those who have given their live that we might be free” – ronald reagan. 
one of the most beauti qualiti of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.  – luciu annaeu seneca
reasonstoleaveeu refuge
"sometimestwittermakesm close twitter, then open it again, and repeat"
merkel achtet auf ordnung in deutschland merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"Go ahead, stop a terrorist ... but we won't let you have a gun to do it  prayers4california"
thingspeopleontwitterlik  valid
realdonaldtrump We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate! 
europ right now 
alfredzonfrilli I wasn't sure about terrorist' occup
trump tweet attack former miss univers  polit
show your love &amp; support for these awesom ladies!womenfotrump 
"makemehateyouinonephras you'r wrong, and here is why…"
"when the student Is ready, the teacher will appear. buddist proverb"
foxnew hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump govgaryjohnson stop spread lies!
racism and talk of religi war: trump staff’ onlin post  news
reasonstogetdivorc too much dirti dish
what the cleveland polic union' endors of donald trump could mean for the city: ohio politic...  polit
soon to be a reality!th 45th presid = donald J. trump 
u.n. syria envoy meet southern rebel for first time  news
clinton alli use republican word against trump  polit
watch: hillari ha problem get off even one step..sh is total unfit to be president!hillaryshealth 
"you deserv someon who know how to make thing up to you after hurt you. not someon who is veri good with just the word,"
it wa her decisionsh discuss it with obamathat' how democrat usual do 
muscl milk  californiamovi
here' the real terrorist tcot  demdebatemiami
islamkil blow yourselv up befor come to america stopislam
you becom what you think about. earl nightingal
trump ha a challeng week with a tax revel 
thejolson 
sexyhorror stripteas of the lamb
"bill, you were the first"
the girl who threw momma from the train midnight addamovieruinamovi
sometimesitsokto switch your phone off becaus you want to be alon
"thanksobama we could live much better, but he didn’t want it for us"
whatiwantforchristmasin4word
eras a liber agenda put upon us by execut order instead of legitimatelegisl otherthingstodoin6second 
stick thi in your fuse box faith
scroll through draftourdaughtershillari definit need a new social media campaign managerwhat the hell is… 
"It is not a choic to be gay, I think gaylovematt"
outrage😡blm thug vicious beat old ladi in a bus...th lack of respect is astounding! 
donald trump say the media is ‘game the system’ ahead of debat  polit
rememb them! the 5 offic kill in dalla protect protesters! 
whi is berni yell at me? demdebatemiami 
trump tower secur a ‘complet nightmare’ for high-end restaur  
"polit rnc fact check: mislead claim on guns, benghazi, more"
It would be better if dem would take a more care look at refuge than at the fellow citizen tcot prayers4california
"todolistbeforechristma   stick ""return to sender"" sticker on all the gift pack"
"welt ich denke, die aufrechterhaltung von ordnung und sicherheit ist ein der obersten pflichten ein staates. ich begrüß diesen schritt"
jenn_abram VP true..
staywok 
given what arnold schwarzenegg think about gay marriag I can't take hi critic of so-cal muslimban serio… 
. the second amend IS our gun permit issu date:12/15/1791 expir date:non rednationris wakeupamerica 
trump on clinton: 'I don't think she' all there' 
"2016electionin3word people, brace yourselv"
adob PS - adob pseudo-sexi alternativeacronyminterpret
einen süßen guten morgen!! 😊sonntag sunday 
realli awesom moment from tonight!maga 
oven readi player one makeabookwarm midnight
"американские пользователи твиттера предлагают голосовать за реджину джордж из фильма ""дрянные девчонки""electionday "
race tighten as trump chip away at clinton' lead  news |  
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 nohillari 
spread thi statement of penanieto to piss off liberals😏trumpenmexico 
🚨trump win mississippi!!
al-qaeda oper muhsin al-fadhli kill in air strike: pentagon  world news
the new kid on the block famili matter addabandtoatvshow
itsok2begay give them marriag licens
reasonsiaintinarelationship bco I ain't tryna keep ani girl let the world know of our movement like thi 
I regret that it take a life to learn how to live
the wizard Of xanadu  addamovieruinamovi midnight
".realdonaldtrump: “we’r go to close up those borders, folks. believ me.” "
you know that  these are the peopl who can stop islam of america vegasgopdeb
trump critic urg rnc to replac trump in special meet 
where do trump and clinton stand on the minimum wage? 
trumpbecaus trump rocks! trump2016 👶🏻💩
"brussel obama want isi to come into the us, whi els would he be so stubborn in welcom refugees? islamkil"
dr. f-eighti superoldhero midnight
maketvshowscanadian midnight  leav it to bieber
"just a reminder:hillari rotten clinton taken $50,000000+ from countri who execut homosexu under islam law "
what' the over/und on how long it take chri rock to mention oscarssowhit 90 seconds? oscarhasnocolor 
"melania trump gave a campaign speech for her husband realdonaldtrump: ""‘make america great again’ is not just some… "
bundesregierung mit großem aufgebot beim digitalgipfel digitalisierung  
new horizon spacecraft make histor flybi of pluto
the problem of illeg immigr as essenti as never nowadays!w need a wall! trumpwal 
those night where you have second thought about everyth and noth feel right anymor iamonfir
sympathi for the devil who wear prada addasongruinamovi midnight
"quiet, you'll wake my mom. makesexawkwardin5word"
2017survivaltip if you want to lose some weight just play pokémon go 
entertaining)) 
surpris much? 
"trump: ""I have seen firsthand how the system is rig against our citizens.""riggedsystem rncincl neverhillari"
"polit clinton, trump tie ahead of gop convention: poll"
merkel bringt deutschland in ordnung merkelmussbleiben
"video : tomi lahren’ final thought on the election, “america stood up to the elites!”  "
howtogetmediaattent don't be asham of who you'r friend with 
how crunchi the tap water is in flint thingsyoucantignor
thanksobama america is realli afraid of terror
makemusicreligi curate-os kill the cat
sweet pump (are made of this) fashionsong
"ihr werdet noch sehen, ttip wird ganz viel erfolg haben! merkelmussbleiben"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm shit will get harder and you mf will get stronger you'r do great ❤
.realdonaldtrump: hillari should disarm her bodyguard if she realli believ 'gun don't keep you safe' 
reasonsiaintinarelationship I see thing that are not there.
In a normal elect hillari won't even be a candid 
sometimesitsokto tell peopl truth. but onli sometim
jade doesn`t love her! 
"when tyranbell’ mother couldn’t afford school supplies, he took matter into hi own hand and start a movement "
islamkil i'm say that some of the refuge are terrorists. that' just a fact.
it' a spi babi 
illeg have multipl dui who is protect by liber sanctuari polici kill someonei thi what you wanted?!
It is unfair when a policeman die and the crimin surviv honorforthebrav
thingspeopleontwitterlik .. cat
reallifemagicspel happi hour - black you out 2 time faster
"blberridg kellerzo well, yep"
trump: peopl without ID will 'vote 10 times' 
"""war-torn countri are safer than live in our inner cities, by a lot."" ~ trump everett "
trumpbecaus get these damn mexican out so we can have our job back. trump2016
philadelphia beagl oneletteroffsport midnight
"back in washington, obama’ vacat glow may fade quickli"
hillari clinton to speak thursday in kansa citi 
rnrmaryland thank you too!
(ibd) marin gener say isi recruit could enter u.s. via caribbean    - pjnet 999 - 
"secret servic releas a sketch of the WH intruder. If you see thi person don't attempt contact, possibl mental… "
gop begin formal nomin trump for presid  polit
bc2dc16 ccot tcot conserv independ  ben carson for president.  integritymatt 
"the latest:  manafort: ""midnight"" due to ""obama-clinton""  polit"
jorg ramos: mexican presid look 'weak and shy' next to donald trumptrumpenmexico 
dnc live: hillari clinton return prais she’ gotten: clinton thank dnc speaker in her nominat...  break
pawhemian ruffsodi dogsong midnight
failur is the condiment that give success it flavor. -truman capot
when I see such thing I just can't believ my eyes! that make me realli angry! how dare you to step on my flag!? 
islam cleric: law protect women from violenc is contrari to sharia… 
die von cdu und csu geführt bund - merkel hat unser land seit 2005 zum besseren verändert.  merkelmussbleiben
report: ivanka trump wrong about leav polici  polit
frau merkel macht sich sorgen um die perspektiven der bürger! merkelmussbleiben
"becaus the left didn't pay them to make riots, duhtrump2016 "
"IS behead four syrian for help civilian flee besieg al-bukamal, deir ez-zor "
amen! 
"csu kritisiert spd-wahlkampf zur flüchtlingskrise. Es scheint, dass spd sich um all außer den deutschen kümmert"
"dear realdonaldtrump, offici you'r the biggest dick in the worl. excus my french. dumptrump angryrepublican imnotwithh"
modi see elect danger in india' 'dalit queen'  world news
LA observ notes: week 1 in trump' america 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
me: what
christi on trump-clinton debate: lester holt is an 'idiot' 
trump transit test outsider' govern abil  busi
never regret someth that onc made you happy. ♥
mapl town bare problematickidsshow midnight
"when dude in mask will start to shoot everyon he see, tell me your 2a attitud gardencityshoot"
realdonaldtrump thi amaz hous own by a lifelong democrat..but now they'r on the trumptrain! 
thetroublewithaddict is there is never enough money.
"after trump’ reversal, promin birther want to move on  polit"
trump challeng clinton to drug test befor final debat  polit
topnew trump writer take respons for melania trump speech mess
reasonstogetdivorc   .....they refus ta go get bacon at ani given time....
breaking! 
"islamkil i̇nsanlar neden, ne zaman bu kadar kötü oldu? prayforturkey prayforbrussel stopterror stopislam"
blew a point.u2 on the breathalyzer. drunkband midnight
save america for our children! defend your freedom grant by the god! teapartynew theteaparti conserv 
"taniacal hello! check thi out, please. Is thi the thing? can you explain?"
I roll with indi whyimgangsta diealat 
"If we want to improv humanity, we have to start with individuals."
toavoidworki Go to a movie…i went to ‘have a lunch’ but in fact I went to a movie. No one noticed...
"In buck stop, penc hail new fbi probe into clinton email "
hate shop with my gf 
"doe it mean that we don't realli need you, if we could surviv today without youdid I get it right?… "
all dog Go To fri pan japanamovi midnight
michel obama in arizona: 'she gave us hope for a better country' 
reallifemagicspel mynu pronoun - spell that remind everyon that there are onli two gender 
"gop will block clinton court nominees, mccain say  polit"
guns4ni 2A is whi we call outselv free peopl
friday the 13th - jason take hawaii summeramovi
"onc a santa, alway a santa christmasbreakupexcus "
thegophasbecom the parti that expos rig system! 
"thingsthatshouldbecensor mice and rats, just no, nope, and na"
"In politics, If you want anyth said, ask a man. If you want anyth done, ask a woman.  – margaret thatcher"
vote for donald trump tomorrow yay trumpforpresid
"when you leav thi earth you can take noth of what you have received, but onli what you have given. -saint franci of assisi"
broadperch fishtv midnight
rais melanoma midnight summeramovi
jeronimo yanez charg with manslaught in philandocastile’ deathblacklivesmatt policebrut 
unit state of turbot. midnight  fishtv
"whenitimetravel I may not alway end up where/when I *want* to go, but I alway end up where I *need* to go...… "
oberösterreichern kommt es beim essen auf qualität an 
clinton' campaign manager: russia help trump  polit |  
truedetect martyhart: it’ hard to find someth in... quot quot woodyharrelson
truth from andrew breitbart. remebm he wa probabl assassin by clinton too hillaryclintonsearchterm 
ivanka trump to join dad to pitch child care plan  polit |  
« constant exposur to danger will breed contempt for them. » seneca
electionday eleccioneseeuu2016 neverhillari  trumpforpresid
unlikelymagic8ballansw I refus to answer your question until you move out of your mom' basement.
baltimor citi seek to avoid elect problem 
ihaveadreamthat one day we'll get rid of whiner in thi world
give light and the peopl will find their own way.
e-thug everywhere... thingstoknowabouttwitt
unlik hillari trump is a man who listen &amp; want to bring true chang for the black community! 
the best treat for muslim extremismmakeamericagreatagain 
thingsyoucantignor the mysteri and seduct power of miss piggi 
woman who lie about boston marathon bomb injuri plead guilti
miss U! 😘
"gun don't kill people, hillari clinton kill peopl clintonbodycount sickhillari indicthillari "
californiamovi midnight  mommi dearest star bruce jenner
secondhandgift virgin' blood to make a wish why? christma is alway about wishes!
there` noth better than metallica!!! 
trump appoint director of african-american outreach  polit
stopislam if congress cannot stop refuge then send all to chicago in the worst area. mayb it will clean the mess up islamkil
annoyyourpartnerin5word kiss him while in public 
".realdonaldtrump: ""I will bring your job back."" "
"oregon white supremacist chases, mauls, &amp; kill black teen with hi jeep. larnellbruc blacklivesmatt "
stopislam islamkil these islamist refuge are not welcome. 3yr old orphan turn into evil adult
venezuelan govern slam as racist u.s. campaign ad link trump to chavez  news
ruinadinnerinonephras is that a hair in there?...
"gowdy: ""quit frankly, sec. clinton ha troubl with the truth &amp; she' had troubl w/ the truth throughout most of… "
smile through that entir video! 
"""I don't understand what' un-american about fight for liberti and justic for everybody"" ~ colin kaepernick "
topvideo hous democrat urg probe of trump foundat 
let see the new jeep trailhawk do this. yeah right. 
all that is necessari for evil to succeed is that good men do nothing.  – edmund burk
rip It wasn’t a gun it wa a muslim prayers4california
lol!  he' so origin
blacklivesmatt — yesssss 
thingsyoucantignor your friend suffer 
obamaswishlist A new brain for trump 
"trump, stir surprise, prais angelamerkel as a ‘great world leader’ despit earlier attacks… "
monsanto donat $1m - $5m to clinton foundation!  spread it so lib know!howtoconfuseamillenni 
more photo from internationalwomensday in londonthi is so nice 😍makehersmil 
itsunacceptableto blame peopl for typo
just wow!!! twitter remov dncleak from trend hashtags.. keep tweeting! 
"ich weiß, du lebst in deiner eigenen realitätdebatenight debates2016 presidentialdeb clinton trump tv-duell"
"breaking: podesta email prove that hillari wa plan to spread the ""trump is involv w/ russia"" lie sinc april!"
trump deliv american legion speech that contrast sharpli with clinton’  polit
"We do not rememb days, we rememb moments.  – cesar paves"
"eat, sleep, movi repeat whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
donttellanyonebut if you move to mexico in case trump becom presid i'm gonna vote right now!
"very, veri important! thi is whi we should vote for donald trump! "
deutschland ist jetzt souverän. merkelmussbleiben
brussel islamkil refuge are danger
"kissinger, georg schultz mull clinton endors "
"look at thi idiot. ""burn flag wa useful, it got me on TV so I can keep on whine about slaveri and shit""… "
realdonaldtrump rumors: hillari hate thi photo &amp; want to delet it from twittery know what to do😏 
let’ start thi new day with pride of live in the world’ greatest country! have a good day! 
"My fianc and me r look for a wed dress..huh? no, of cours she is not my cousin unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"liber refus to accept the isi threat, that’ total insan gopdebatesc"
reasonstogetdivorc  tri to tell the side person' name in the bed
newli surfac photo of hillari clinton show she is unhing about weinergate..hillarysemail 
that one friend who never understand your sarcasm...
No more hashtag word limit  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
it' official: first clinton-trump faceoff is most-watch presidenti debat ever  polit
religionofpeac in action 
liber propaganda tool. cnn is the most unreli sourc of inform trumppence16 dncleak 
she think she is abov the law and even doesn't hide it! she cannot be our next president. 
politicussarah  trumppence16  we will not accept your hate of america and it' citizens. hillary4prison trumpforpresid
"ha lost their sanity... Oh wait... no... It wa never there in the first place! &amp;quot;confused, crazy, blonde, sarcastic, insane,"
"unga putin realli love hi countri and is smart enough to do everyth right, and the onli thing obama can do is use teleprompt"
igetdepressedwhen girl don't pull their mole hair out
. the second amend IS our gun permit issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  tcot iowacaucu iowa2016 
... 
frau merkel achtet auf unser recht und schützt unser system der rechte! merkelmussbleiben
"hillari support burn american flag, riot and threaten to kill trump after lose election.that' exactli whi t… "
tim kain on 'meet the press' 
staywok  
you super? friend weloveyoutoonial
stonedcomicbook  midnight  batman: the kill toke midnight
trump on the 2016 world series: darci cartoon  polit
coexist 
michel obama want 'four more years'w know exactli what 4 year will bring: all the failur of obama presid 
ivanka trump would made an excel first femal presid if you ask me!rncincl makeamericaoneagain 
dom1073 salut!
donald trump can't be trust with the nuclear footbal - and voter know it: brent larkin  polit
don't be afraid to give up the good and go for the great.
"tusaisquetespassportifquand tu rate l'ascenseur, donc tu attend qu'il revienne, pour monter 2 étage 😅"
"provocative, clever, satir "
 nice stunts)
"analyst rate updat on valeant pharmaceut international, inc. (nyse:vrx)"
"""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" ~ olivernorthfnc… "
"voterfraud alert🚨 CA man find dozen of ballot address to hi deaf neighbor, with differ names!… "
"""flüchtlingskris erst wieder nach der wahl"" wahl ist sehr wichtig, aber man muss über solch problem sprechen!"
demndeb they can say anyth that would pleas us dure the demdeb but what are they go to do in fact?
LA dinkum. midnight maketvshowsaustralian
taxesforalqaeda thank god! Al qaeda know how to manag money! our tax are not wasted!
My god thingsinventedwhilehigh
columnist who call for a militari coup to oust trump had dinner with john podesta &amp; georg soros. 
foresthil gump. californiamovi midnight
isi in the us! obama will respons for american` deaths! texasjihad
i am concern about the person who wrote thi episod
georg washington is the best presid ever happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
"« from my exampl learn to be just, and not to despis the gods. » virgil"
обращение трампа! 
A muslim teacher found thi note in her classroom. america2016 
you will die soon 
"donald trump: ""it' about time that thi countri had somebodi run it that ha an idea about money.""… "
new risk for trump after iowa loss wakeupamerica tcot cruzcrew  
kany westw  addabandtoatvshow
offendeveryonein4words. merd tout le mond
whi everyth that' suppos to be bad/mak me feel so good?
jenn_abram what an interest discussion!
beetroot hit the nail on the head! love it my4wordnewyearsresolut
turn red: how texa becam a gop stronghold  |  
'look! A dog!' 3wordsbetterthanilovey
imvotingbecaus election2016 electionnight electionfinalthought wakeupamerica befor it' too late! trumpforpresid
presid hillari clinton worstpaineverin3word
"2ndamendmentday men that are abov all fear, soon grow abov all shame"
".lisamarieboothe: ""I didn't need a puppy, a cry-in, or a hotlin when presid obama won the election."" "
comput programm testifi under oath he code comput to rig elections. you voic is important! riggedsystem 
"the gov't welcom traitor burn american flags, but when it come to the southern heritage... "
they call themselv refuge but they can afford smartphones! what a hypocrisy! 
susansarandon is still feel the bern and burn the dnc over email leak 
walmart went full retard: they refus to decor a cop' retir cake with a thin blue line. becaus it' raci… 
'presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people' ~ clint eastwood 
threat are the last resort of a man with no vocabulari
yes. treeofliberti trump neverhilari hilaryclinton imnotwithh usa americafirst rock… 
giuliani claim trump 'a genius' for not pay tax  polit 
"trump, rnc seiz on new report to attack clinton ...  via news |  "
I want to be one of them 
noon: ex-az gov. napolitano to stump for clinton 
warren: congress should reject obama' tpp trade deal  p2 uniteblu tlot tcot job tech
unexpect text messag are alway nice. the fact that the person took a littl bit of their time to make you smile.
dont tell grandma her potato tast like shit..    survivalguidetothanksgiv
prayers4california what if those peopl couldv defend themselv and fight back? 
trump is not against immigration!  He is against illegals! 
"trump call obama 'the founder of isis,' claim it milit 'honor' US presid "
mutti ist die beste! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"clinton, warren join forc in campaign’ final stretch  news"
trump arriv steal spotlight from cruz at rnc; deleg boo the texa senat  polit
"steild sehr geehrter herr steil, wie meinen sie, will merkel weiter regieren? merkelmussbleiben"
"On april 22, a secur camera captur cop robert wallow beat restrain man &amp; threaten him with gun to hi head "
system of the fall down drunkband midnight
fraktionschef volker kauder plädiert für ein große rentenkommiss zur entwicklung der renten ab 2030
whi do I have a gun?to defend my famili and my principl from all the enemi includ the government. 2A 
watch debate: should marijuana in arizona be legal?  polit
"welcom home, rosco jenkin midnight californiamovi"
"nato ist die einzig organisation, die un den frieden sichern kann, merkel versteht es merkelmussbleiben"
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
with My mind program To Be On My money and My money program To Be On My mind... robothiphop  midnight
you know that  i’m sure that trump will make america great again vegasgopdeb
supremesacrificeday It is also fertil day. I find it interest these two events.
the servic ha fail so mani time so I can`t understand how politician trust them  serviceofnosecret
"If you close your eyes, doe it almost feel like noth chang at all?"
"""I trust her with my life,"" bill say of hillari 2016elect"
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann "
who Is hillari clinton at all? demdeb demndeb 
clinton and trump court ohio voter on labor day 
dnc day 4: clinton make histori  polit
"""hillari clinton want to be america' angela merkel."" ~ donald trumpamericasmerkel "
i'm thank for all those who sacrif their holiday so we can enjoy ours!happi thanksgiving!rt to thank the… 
No visibl american flag present at the democrat convention.no visibl patriot shown! 
"obamaslegaci you'r go down as a ""leader"" who choos tp just watch instead of do someth about riot "
"peopl do not change, they are mere revealed."
troyfaub I guess their next step to prais divers is allow jihadist ralli honor isi flag
"""dawson creek. . ."
feel like I want to parti tonight
a bit scari that the white hous couldn't be protect by secretservic from a toy plane serviceofnosecret
trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 just vote trumpforpresid
soul feel like there is noth wrong with it
ein ehepaar au düsseldorf hat am montag am flughafen von brønnøi in norwegen al scherz bombenalarm ausgelöst. 
coupl that don’t have children still get married. So it' noth to do with real love gaylovematt
"valentinesdayin3word seriously, vodka stupid"
"die flüchtlingspolitik von frau merkel zeigt, dass sie mitfühlend ist! merkelmussbleiben"
hillari is go to destroy america!pleas sign and share the petit wakeupamerica  
"""i'll put a round in your ass so quick""anoth psycho cop "
"mccain, sheriff babeu drop support for trump "
me?   thingsdonebymistak
booker to open clinton' n.j. campaign offic on sunday
rahmemanuelout Of cours polic is tri to stop protests. racist blacklivesmatt
don’t believ the garbag u read! pundit keep say trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the… 
chalice' restaur makemusicreligi
gute nacht! hoffentlich war euer abden auch romatisch 😘 
sie garantiert un den sozialsaat merkelmussbleiben
see the difference! don't u think we have more and more problem with illegals?! 
black histori is for equal blackhistorymonth americanhistoryisblack
trump aide' ex-wif claim he made anti-semit remark  |  
It wa a peac event and we can say that all leftists’ attempt to make violent protest and provoc fail 
baltimor to pay for more elect judg train after troubl primari 
"leadership isn’t about follow the polls, hope our candid understand it demdeb demndeb"
"when life get rough, I like to hold on to my dream. –olaf (frozen)"
that what a bloodi high will do for ya election2016  maga3x  hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
dnc: clinton say u.s. ‘at a moment of reckoning’: tom wolf' presenc at the dnc is a remind rep...  break
banislam 
trump vs. clinton: tax and entitl  polit
gopdeb I support gop caus thay understand what peopl need vegasgopdeb
Is america start To target thought crime?  tcot teaparti pjnet gop tlot ccot p2 
makemusicreligi oliver!- you'v gotta pick a prophet or two
you cannot touch pitch and not be defil
"topvideo kaine: trump as commander-in-chief ""scares"" him to death "
toimmigrantswithlov (but onli to legal ones)
"trump' 'polit of fear' danger for u.s., world: german foreign minist  news"
indor shoot report at naval medic center sandiego. I prayforsandiego and hope no one is kill 
sometim love mean let go when you want to hold on tighter
share your idrunforpresidentif thought with us 
trumpbecaus he’ sexy! 🐮🌵💀
michael bolton discography.  secondhandgift 
tcot ccot pjnet new video alleg plan parenthood use ‘account gimmicks’ to hide profit from sale of... 
imalwaysforget sarah marshal
obama need movi which show him as a hero gonewiththeoscar
gopdeb togeth we can make america great again vegasgopdeb
realdonaldtrump trumpenmexico! hillari is still tri to get to louisiana!
clinton have been rig the corruptmedia for years. clintoncorrupt neverhillari  election2016 trum… trumpforpresid
valentinesdayin3word My daili life giselleevn worldofhashtag
don't judg too quickli 
"good morning, americans! gener elect is get closer. let’ all unit and make america great again! "
"tofeelbetteri live without hate, don't talk polit to friend and I make the best cookies."
dogsong canineti nine problem and felin not one of them! midnight
We need to close border and the onli man who is capabl to do thi is donald trump! teapartypatriot brussel 
"sheriff david clarke: ""liber polit and media fuel milwauke riots"" "
"guess charlotteriot just sum it up, right? blacklivesmatt are domest terrorist &amp; the media cover up the… "
for sureprison is their home 
she say it best! thi speech deserv to go viral!bravo! spread🔄'black for trump' 
We are real! We are even more real than some white people’ idea about good cop and equal right magicbutr
iamthankfulfor famili be there in good time and bad time and alway love you no matter what happen 
student from north and maryval high school walk out on elect day  
trump campaign say He never gave interview to serbian magazin  polit
killari clinton will kill everyth we love about america! thi woman ha to be in prison! neverhillari 
Ok enough youtub for today 
game of trudeau  maketvshowscanadian
polit donald trump push republican parti to it break point
foxnew 😂😂 keep be ignorant..
"« age carri all thing away, even the mind. » virgil"
"the harder you work, the harder it is to surrender."
"No need to worri about syrian ""refugees"". they'v assilim so well and so peac in europe. right? islamkil"
"sorry, i'm on my period unlikelythingsheardonny"
igetdepressedwhen  I have a chemic imbalance.
rememb the work of detroit activist ron scott for blacklivesmatt and more: 
dänisch polizei lässt fähren nach drohung wieder fahren 
democrat view all latino voter one way  pjnet tcot rednationris gop ccot
your in law alway live min away tvlifelessonsilearn
ha anyon told the potu that he want to import ten of thousand of peopl who are highli intoler of the lgbt lifestyle? islamkil
coldwar20_en thi is so fuck beauti
haitian-american at trump miami rally: “what chang my mind wa the corrupt in haiti. the clinton — they destr… 
"trump pull punch on buffett: donald trump shrug off critic from warren buffett on tuesday, a day aft... "
hillari claim to b champion for women meanwhil take 💰from countri that treat women like shitwomensequalityday 
electionnightwho' got your vote? 🇺🇸rt for trumplik for hillari 
someth psychedelic! 
imalwaysokwith eat yummi food
jackiedstraus Do they realiz that they are protest against democracy?!
california polic kill databas reveal 'clear racial disparities'
the devil in the white castl onewordoffbook midnight
worstwaystoapolog i'm sorri you didn't know he wa my other signific other! 
game of game olympictv midnight
liber media will never tell you how mani women realli support donald trump! 
clinton say didn’t think pneumonia disclosur wa ‘big deal’  polit
"We are what we pretend to be, so we must be care what we pretend to be."
ocean citi busi ground trump airplan banner  | 
"student share whi they'll miss michel obama, 'america' se...  |  "
feder judg temporarili block obama' transgend rule  polit
"I never see the whip nigga be claimin’ they drivin’ , I guess entertain mean blatantli lyin’  – na"
thing don’t have to chang the world to be important.–stev job
hillari clinton’ medic disclosures: what did We learn?  polit
"peteraltmai die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel "
i'll fall but i'll grow.
"sometim I dream bigger than I live, sometim I think better when i’m lit  – big sean"
iamthankfulfor ziall
donald trump jr. liken syrian refuge to poison skittl  news
charlotteprotestriot brag: “we out like taliban”scary! 
what doe trump need to say at hi econom speech?  polit
white peopl go crazi 😑😩 
humoritarian ooh plz anyon but not hill!
"If we can't guarante refuge aren't terrorists, whi are we let them in? islamkil stopislam"
retireasongorband I got 99 pain but a job ain't 1..
hillary...hand down!trumpyourself 
mourn the live  worstpaineverin3word
omg  poison turkey?! not on thanksgiving! no! kochfarm foodpoison fail 
obama bomb assad to help isis. mvp confirmed...... 
televis cat neuter   betteralternativetodeb
i realli admir thi about you realdonaldtrump draintheswamp maga  trumpforpresid
don king kong softenabadguy midnight
happi internationalwomensday 
A man who want to lead the orchestra must turn hi back on the crowd.
"fitness-bloggerin stirbt, weil ihr sahnespend explodierte. So schöne frau..."
"« everi heart sing a song, incomplete, until anoth heart whisper back. » plato"
trump v. clinton: stock can predict the winner  money
realdonaldtrump riggedelect  trumpforpresid
"new analysis: hillari clinton ask not for trust, but for ...  |  "
"superpac admit they'r coordin with hillari campaign. ""if you say it' illeg you'r a liar"". what a moron… "
maketvshowscanadian the real housew of saskatoon
what for?! 
here' how donald trump' vulgar remark -- and the ensu fallout -- have affect sexual assault...  polit
wowpodestaemails24 
"brussel islamkil i̇nsanlar neden, ne zaman bu kadar kötü oldu? prayforturkey prayforbrussel stopterror"
Oh dude… 
buffett: A monkey could outperform those who bet on trump's...  |  
"darn a hole"""
helmut kohl starb im alter von 87 jahren. ruhe in frieden kanzler der einheit!
deplor trumpforpresid
watch: muslim beat a woman &amp; laugh about it!
"""we should onli admit into thi countri those who share our valu &amp; respect our people."" ~ donald trump "
pat smith on benghazi: “I blame hillari clinton person for the death of my son.” 
haltandcatchfir donnaclark: softwar comes... tvquot quot quot kerrybishé tvshow
"clinton' campaign have fail to disavow orlando shooter father' endorsement. well, what can you do. "
"thingsthatshouldbecensored"""
"hillari  will take the lead earli tomorrow, until republican  get off work! trump2k16 trumpforpresid"
obama on colin kaepernick: racial issu 'need to be talk about'  sport
tucker
eali_98 prayers4california
"trump caught on video make lewd, crude remark about women  polit"
die cdu wird sowieso ander handeln und die stimmen von der afd gewinnen. merkelmussbleiben
viridianzer0 nyaranyar If our system is racist then whi doe will smith and other black hollywood star live in m… 
fbi now 99% certain at least 5 foreign servic hack into hillary' serverstunning!penceamovi 
.chrisharrisjr is on fire! 
obama is the weakest presid but he can danc J happyobama 
someon ha build a tini ador border wall around donald trump’ hollywood walk of fame star 
"home is love, and love is alway home. –ariel (the littl mermaid series)"
thi couldn't be more true.. 
the opposit of a correct statement is a fals statement.but the opposit of a profound truth may well be anoth profound truth.-niel bohr
trumpbecaus he' just a reliabl professional. So whi not give him the job. can't see anyon at least close to him trump2016 🎅🏿👅👈🏿
"woman who accus trump support of punch her at rally, chang stori after be implic in verita tape!… "
"rudi giuliani: ""islam extremist terrorist you know who you are &amp; we'r come To get you""👏👏rncincl trump2016 "
"there' gonna be some rockin', didn't i tell you dumb"
starfish: the next gener fishtv midnight
i'll be your frankenberri midnight onewordoffmoviequot
the primari model (predict 5 previou elect right) 87%-99% certain trump will Be presid
who let these peopl out of the house?libtard 
thi girl ha a veri import msg!pleas help her to spread the word!womensequalitydayneverhillari 
So mayb it' time for american to claim for the answers?teapartynew theteaparti polit 
"will smith slam ""embarrassing"" donald trump  news |  "
former penguin GM ray shero name GM Of new jersey devil  news
fratern order of polic endors trump! 
everyon get trigger by everyth  thingstoknowabouttwitt
staywok ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 
alway start diet tomorrow
imtoooldfor fake shit
"fear elect day trouble, some US school cancel class "
"from dncleak about hillari clinton, her connect to wall street and how dem treat their own support "
"At dnc, democrat are speak about ‘fantasi world,’ trump say  polit"
"ihavearighttoknow whi everyon love lion king, but freak out if you hold their babi over a cliff while sing african spiritu"
"presid obama deliv soaring, thoroughli black speech at howard univers commencement. "
politweec nasa good for them
addcartoonstohistori speedi gonzal and obama fast and the furiou scandal
"trump to american blacks""keep vote for the same people, &amp; you'll get the same horribl results.""trumpindetroit "
RT if it' not your career choic 
you had Me At jell-o  onewordoffmoviequot midnight 
spread thi amaz pic to piss off liberals😏trumpindetroit 
clint eastwood: everyon need to 'get over' donald trump' racism 
"fake news = technic difficultieswell, I have noth to say "
topvideo trump: clinton ha “no-on to blame but herself” 
defeat is not defeat unless accept as a reality-in your own mind.
amish pac keep spread the word! 
hillari clinton: 'the sky' the limit'  polit
interesting! 
roll your eye at a trump tweet.
media doesn't show ani interest on murder of sethrich! spread to make sure everybodi know the story! 
"I love my cloth but I hate wear clothes. they'r uncomfortable, sometim hurt fibroproblem adudecalleddan   ilove__butihate__"
rickwtyl tedcruz just finish awesom speech at crconvent He rock the huge crowd. scprimari tedcruz2016 cruzcrew pjnet
A republican made thi hashtag... thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
 small kitten sleep with small duck...noth is more cute than that
maddow hillaryclinton potu benghazi hillary2016 realdonaldtrump foxandfriend hillaryemail wakeupamerica 
"becaus make gangster video or be black should be enough to get you an oscar, right?  oscarhasnocolor"
2016electionin3word trump can't swim
addabandtoatvshow  mr. mister pickl
"andcounting321 hope, someday it won't depend on race but onli on profession qualiti"
veri nasty: what bill clinton’ black son said today will drop hillari On her head…  
"factcheck: clinton, trump made inaccur claim dure nbc forum "
sorri but you are total bust
"3wordsbetterthanilovey ""cum In me"""
ha a perch mybedroomin3word
sanbernardino shoot victim are in critic conditionprayers4california
exactly! 
vote trump election2016  trumpwinsbecaus trump trump2016 trumpforpresid
"trump made hi medic record public. excel health, obviously. your move, hillarytrump2016 "
dear trump supporters: hear me out befor you vote.  gop trump tcot p2b  
rbpai dan__crock politixg not crying. just point out how low hillari is. she can't win in a fare fight. Of cours trumpwon
whatiwantforchristmasin4word My daughter' endless energi
group ralli against trump strategist steve bannon in nyc  
foke how brazen bill clinton and monica lewinski were never far apart until their steami phone sex wa ...  foke
rejecteddebatetop 
"annalaurakumm frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
trump: russia hack comment were 'sarcastic'  polit
pari is so beauti after cultur enrichment! I wish we had more migrant camp in america! 
charliecalley63 miraclechild liken trump to hitler and hi support to the kkk is far left bs you'r fall for. brainwashed?
thi is what I call to care about US citizen at the first place! gopdeb
"ccot""islam isi ccotth qur'an contradict files: what if muhammad wa wrong?   "","
magicbutr black women are as intellig as other and they can realli make the world better
wtf last night temp at 25° and they'r blast them with water cannon shoot them with rubber bullet and mace… 
nbc new fire billi bush after lewd donald trump tape air  news
"If the shooter is white, blame the gun. If he' muslim, blame climatechang  prayers4california"
trump deni action he brag about on tape 
"presid obama meet with law enforcement, pledg solidar...  |  "
ban most thing mustbeban
Is hillary' fundrais come from the women
"the greater the love, the greater the tragedi when it' over"
Oh sweet kitti 
"global warm problem solved? peac all around the globe achieved? no, gay marriag are legalized! itsok2begay"
hillari Is go To answer a pop quiz about her email  
ihatepokemongobecaus my net' shit 
merkel rettet syrisch leben merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
"""donald trump should move away from a war of words, focu on polici and hi plan for strong border controls."" ~ nig… "
"трамп подготовил первый иск, в котором собирается оспаривать выборы!он касается досрочного голосования на участках… "
clinton buy TV air time in fierc conserv texa  news
"just tri the best you can, and if it' not good enough for them, then that' their problem. –queen miranda (sofia the first)"
indeed!can the other democrat tell hillari clinton to pleas stop lying? 
merkel nimmt die fragen und anliegen der menschen ernst merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
trump lead clinton among militari voters: nbc poll  polit
islamkil thi is serious get out hand! i'm so scare for the futur of my children! prayforbrussel stopislam
freshli wash sheet
now with presidenttrump all your jihadist-advoc ass will get what you deserv muslimbrotherhood 
derayformayor go! 
debatesideeffect win in a landslid 
reasonstogetdivorc she bought veggi bacon
A 27 yo deputi wa arrest after he admit to get drunk and unload pistol into a presbyterian church 
waterafilm thi is the end of the ocean
happybirthdayharrytruman He save million of american lives!
challeng your supervisor to a fight howtoloseyourjob
obama use final state dinner to honor itali and it leader 
"ezradrissman sean66512 what do you think? He definit hate freedom, american citizens, and our constitution!"
imtoooldfor drink littl wine
"seriously? I mean, seriously? he' as much anti-american as he could be.teapartynew theteaparti polit "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm u are worth so much more than what peopl say/think. pleas love yourself. u are import
what you didn't see in me is what you will never be.
"streetcoverag ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
"1st they rig their primari with the media' help, now they rig poll to fool the public. "
10 min are enough 😂😂 
tofeelbetteri self medic by play golf.
that` realli funni 
itsriskyto tell your girlfriend you were on a break 
so…cut xD 
thank our found father we have the right to bear arm and protect ourselv with it 2ndamendmentday
"clinton aid suggest email jokes, say hack messag  news"
"If someon serious want to be a part of your life, they will serious make an effort to be in it."
vaccinateu for sure vaccin work!
the onli way to find true happi is to risk be complet cut open
itsriskyto leav me in the hous full of wine 
 I wish I had one like this!
thingstoknowabouttwitt make everi emoji count !!! say it with your chest!!!
medialiesagain 
"thingsthatshouldbecensor mississippi. no, the whole thing."
thingsyoucantignor smell of kebab even though you alreadi ate :O there' a place for at least littl one with mustard and salad xD
what the plagiar controversi tell us about trump' campaign  polit
меланья трамп предложила цену в 20000$ за 6-футовую картину с изображением своего мужа 
"donald trump: ""together, we will rais incom and bring job and wealth and opportun to our poorest communities… "
thi is the truth
"obama, meet with suu kyi, say u.s. readi to lift myanmar sanction  news"
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
foke anti-tori protest demand theresa may call an earli elect immedi - but have they seen t...  foke
starbuck is shit anywaytcot 
Do you rememb clint eastwood' speech about obama and hi empti chair? that' how it look like. teapartynew 
nicksmithnew agree. not all liber burn the flag but i'm pretti sure everyon who doe it is a liber
it' crazi how sjw can differenti 97 gender but can't differenti between legal and illeg immigr 
"hillari clinton: ""whi aren't I 50 point ahead of trump?""well... "
reasonstogetdivorc ...if it will make you both happier people!
hollyhoo71 total worth to read! and sign! 
nyan trump addcartoonstohistori 
cnnpolit riggedelect mediabias. you prove thi truth. did brazil give thi info? trumpforpresid 
you should onli blame yourself 
which n.j. democrat are sponsor event at the dnc 2016 in philadelphia
the best holiday is almost here! independenceday 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
when he wasn't campaign for presid everyon like him and hi money. now the same peopl call him racist… 
To feed A mockingbird budgetmovi midnight
clinton foundat infight alleg in new wikileak releas  polit
fergusonrememb justic for sandrabland justiceforsandrabland
obama cancel meet with philippines' dutert after insult  news
track and feel midnight sexysport
accept me as I am. onli then can we discov each other.
andthenishouldhavesaid i'm a leaf on the wind...watch how I soar
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
brussel islamkil obama sneak syrian refuge into america earli in the AM morn
An itch you can't reach.  thingsyoucantignor
more die from drug than guns. read &gt;  2A nra pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris 
steve crowder went undercover: angri black guy tell sjw socialist student to get a job after they block the ro… 
 he is so right!
"bill clinton: ""in the spring of 1971, I met a girl."" and rape her 😂😂demsinphilli "
"jfk at the democrat nation convention, losangel histori vintag "
trial begin in karissa kunco murder case  local
ich will kein männer im kanzleramt! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
christmasaftermath look like lego part are everywher
hillari live rich while haitian kid she stole from live in tent and suffer terribl from hurrican matthew 
g.i.john: vietnames pimp' nightmar problematickidsshow midnight
learn how to be happi with what you have while you pursu all that you want.  – jim rohn
*** black conserv *** urban famili talk radio --&gt; truth wisdom = empower    pjnet ccot
"louisiana sen. bill cassidi conced clinton like to win, say he will work with her "
be defeat Is often a temporari condition. give Up Is what make It permanent. marilyn vo savant
resl 
I kiss a duck help me searchesgoogleisashamedof
report: trump loss may mean he didn't pay tax for year 
obama: ‘conserv ha been a cornerston of my presidency’  polit
I want someon to look at me the way joe biden look at obama 
RT if you also think that women' equal mean total ban of burka!womensequalityday 
cleveland rnc protests: 2 offic injur  polit
"8"" Is enough maketvsexi"
you onli get out what you put in. origin unknown
12 angri men of La manch-urian candid addamovieruinamovi
"2monthstillxmasand can we celebr halloween first, for fuck' sake?"
donald trump plan akron ralli for monday  polit
maketvsexi father head
hurghada-attentät spricht laut medienbericht deutsch 
"""trump is president, they’ll deport you soon"" say racist trump support to muslim uber driver. "
stay home and bing watch gilmoregirl in prepar for the follow day.  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
"""african american commun are be decim by crime"" - donald trump debatenight  debat"
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump lol
the latest: clinton rais $154 million in septemb 
oscarsoblack alreadi exist it' call the bet award oscarhasnocolor
"topnew obama visit midway atoll, a symbol of hi climate, asia legaci"
obama creat isis! thanksobama
worstpaineverin3word trump......for.....presid
realdonaldtrump I think you should consid this👇 
Do the cook so you don't have to talk to anyon too much. survivalguidetothanksgiv
c'etait merveil 😊makehersmil internationalwomensdayphoto:  
still think obama can reason w/them? iran renew vow to 'annihilate' israel pjnet ccot tcot 
tolerantleft I won`t danc to lgbt tune! prayforgay
We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate!debatenight debat 
trump been shot 3wordsbetterthanilovey
4wordgreatidea free bacon for everyon
If she tell the truth it'll look like that dncleakxoxo hillari clinton 
one day you'll get sick of say that everything' alright.
A guid to the floridian who will embarrass Us at the rnc thi week  polit
think about it 
need then all! 
da sind unsummen von geld! aber sicherheit ist vor allem!  hamburg: g20-sicherheit kostet bund 32 millionen 
No words...  prayers4california
conservativebecaus 8 year of obama' liber wa a complet disaster!
thingsthatdisturbm clowns😰
norleansdaili we still love you serena
aretha franklin give a power 5-mitut rendit of the nation american anthem.
don't be thi guy. votetrump and maga trumpforpresid
"sit by the open window, my mind empty, the sound of the breez move through the tree carri the bluejay’ voic saying,"
iamthankfulfor the fact that my mom made us fend for ourselv in the cook department. It gave me the skill of bake
trump to tout tax plan’ growth benefit amid question of cost  polit
"сын дональда трампа сравнил сирийских беженцев с конфетами ""скиттлз"" "
that` what real men do! 
swamp west georgia: group spend $2.1 million on u.s. ho...  |  
clinton camp after the latest polls. 
"khizr khan, the muslim gold star father, busted: he wa paid $375,000 by hillaryclinton  for hi speech "
meryl streep and emili blunt 
" shake shake, shake it off!"
"""we can't prove anyth and we have no evid but we'r make thi post anyway. bori epshteyn is putin' agent… "
ihavearighttoknow how big the bath wa 
бывшая мисс вселенная сравнивает себя с меланьей трамп: Я говорю по-английски лучше нее 
american flag march in memori of 9/11
"when i'm about to high five someon but at the last second, I switch hands.  secondhandgift"
cleveland polic ask for emerg suspens of open carri law dure gop convent 
"Oh no, it' just about fashion😂😂😂 tcot maga "
fawlti toqu maketvshowscanadian
In god We trust. it' 60 year sinc we accept it as our nation motto. god bless americaingodwetrust 
start call myself king for lack of a better titl
"after each game, I want to be abl to say: I gave it all I could, I gave it my best. -unknown"
thi day also honor those who may have step forward dure time of crisi to rescu a stranger  supremesacrificeday
elect day thi year will be like euthanasia: relief after pain struggl
it' not surpris though. the left have alway been two-fac hypocrit wakeupamerica 
have you notic that the onli peopl you can decrimin against are white people? teapartynew tcot ccot 
put an avocado on racism.mak racism a cool new danc from 3.5 year ago.tak photo of racism wear a fishtail 
"sander to trump: ""and one more thing. account is seriou business!"" "
just left thi messag on my ex-girlfriend voicemail: ihavearighttoknow whi it hurt when I pee
trump manag on medic info: all have right to privaci  polit
cancelplansin5word have my spleen taken out
the patriot act is an unconstitut spi on us! donottrack patriotact
clinton see trump tie to 'alt-right' dystopian ideolog 
clinton: trump ‘dead wrong’ not to releas tax return  polit
highschooltaughtm that i'm a highschool student! and it' so stress like dduhhh
trumpbecaus If you love america and believ in the american dream. noon will repres you better than realdonaldtrump 👮🏿👮🏻👮
"barack obama tell voter in pro-hillari clinton ad he will ""consid it a person insult"" if they...  polit"
'our children deserv a better futur than what we'r make them live through today.' ~ donald trump… 
"the climat of hate toward black peopl from white amerikkka ha not changed, it just be record "
break news: trump is bring obama' brother to the 3rd debate‼️evangelicaltrumpdraintheswamp 
haircut 100 proof drunkband midnight
".genflynn: ""the decis to go into libya can be almost sole place on hillari clinton."" nbcnewsforumbenghazi "
ohio poll: trump ha narrow lead over clinton  polit
"liber hate photo like thi one. so, let' spread it!makeamericagreatagain "
donald trump head back to central ohio on thursday  polit
the real mean of the second amend is: reason access to gun for self-protect and for hunting.  prayers4california
We owe you shit! 
ga station sushi   lastminutegifts2016
donald trump' doctor wrote health report in onli 5 minut  break
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on bill clinton' past "
databas hack could threaten novemb elect 
renamemillionwomenmarch the million daddi issu march docthompsonshow kal79 rc_kri whatilearn…
otherthingstodoin6second lose your life save in la vega
obama deal with iraq and promis there will be no war in the middleeast? where from he know it? gulfstatestalk
some thing need to be left unsaid.
govot trump2016 potu makeamericagreatagain hillaryclinton trump hillaryforprison2016…  trumpforpresid
d.c. and marvel get high. stonedcomicbook 
sometimesitsokto acknowledg that 95% of peopl are idiot 
islamkil I don’t want isi member to sneak into america pretend to be refuge stopislam
secondhandgift 90 
galaxi cruis past new york citi FC
ashley madison hack: what next for the site after hack and data dump
"We turn not older with years, but newer everi day."
"the latest: trump camp: clinton speech ""fantasi universe""  |  "
Do not draftourdaught  
"imvotingbecaus nazi ladi gaga, spiritcooking, sickhillary, corrupthillary, maga just to name a few trumpforpresid"
fittinghillaryforprison 
electionday trumplandslid hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
that` me! 
sometim god teach you how to solv your problems. sometim god teach you how to face your problems. -
just anoth day in paris.
yeah and 2 of those refuge ignit bomb at the boston marathon you moron! norefugeeswelcom islamkil brussel
our militari stand with trump! trump - 49%hillari - 20% 
"imvotingbecaus I don't want to rais my kid in a world where money and power can buy you freedom, and no matter how corrupt you are."
cdu hilft jedem einen betrieb aufzumachen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
my4wordnewyearsresolut refer to last year
ice hickey sexysport midnight
trumpbecaus he is unlik obama 👮🙏👮
what if tattoo just randomli appear on our skin at key point in our live and we had to figur out what they meant for ourselves.
thi is a truck I can get behind hillarysemail hillaryshuma benghazi 
obama to lead nation in rememb those kill on 9/11 
hillari say she' go to rais tax on the middl class and it make liber happy¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
badhousewarminggift freedom and democraci 
don't believ him! don't becom A victim! teaparti teapartynew obama 
"inkofsquid no, i'm not"
doe donald trump not pay taxes? He sure made it sound that way  polit
"clinton and trump are neck and neck — At chicago costum shop, anyway "
the next debat will be like: hillaryshealthhillarycollaps 
exactly! makeamericagreatagain 
syarifshahferi trump2k16 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
baltimor mayor gavel in dnc 
survivalguidetothanksgiv  get drunk so you don't have to do black friday shop
ihaveadreamthat all the wine glass are of thi size 
makemusicreligi nun is the loneliest number
neverhillari  trumpforpresid
"baio, trump supporter, to speak at gop convent  |  "
sport danni salazar respond well from earli challeng
politweec hillaryclinton hillari is dick
my4wordnewyearsresolut  tri to avoid prison
"julian assange: “yes, we’ll releas email on clinton foundation, fbi will have enough to indict” "
icelebratetrumpwith some tan
mike huckabee: 'we ought to be on our knee tonight thank god for what [polic officers] do for such littl pay.' 
hous speaker paul ryan won’t defend trump now or in futur 
topnew obama prepar to boost u.s. military' cyber role: sourc
MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
thetroublewithaddict is that you depend on it and use it all the time you forget what sober feel like
charliecalley63 you'r a few centuri late to come up with this...'notion'. concentr on what' go on today
fox new poll: american trust donald trump on the economy! 
give up get rip my4wordnewyearsresolut
democrat4satan hillaryvinc hillarybenghazi clinton3strik clintonchinatech  trumpforpresid
thu spake zaralliv songshannibalwoulds
"renamemillionwomenmarch  ""the few hundr singl middl age women angri At men becaus men can't take their bullshit march"""
minn. teen with autism suffer seizur after polic slam him to the ground
that` great!! 
you know that  obama give us empti number while gop give us fact vegasgopdeb
peña nieto say he ha had a veri construct meet with donald trumptrumpenmexicotrumpsmexicotripsay 
I hope julian assang will deliv someth that will make even dumbest american open their eyes. 
"louis, I think thi is the begin of a beauti bromance.   onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
I text my friends…lik realli a lot! toavoidworki
 I think you can feel dissi while using!
Al jazeera journalist pardon by egyptian presid
anyon who support such feder law is an enemi of the constitut 2A tcot  prayers4california
trump in arizona: hottest ticket in prescott valley 
"mike pence: when donald trump becom president, we won't be pay ransom to terrorist sponsor states. "
governor insle to travel to fire-ravag area in central washington
"polic estim at least 14 dead, more than a dozen wound in california mass shoot  prayers4california"
betteralternativetodeb mortal kombat
meet our 45th first lady! class is back in the white house!inaugurationday 
survivalguidetothanksgiv skip all that thanksgiv stuff and jump right into black friday apocalyps …
what happen to america that it' OK to humili our great countri and get welfar for that?! 
hillari doesn't rememb how she vote yea on secur fenc act of 2006 clintonsmemori 
have a nice day after tomorrow  addasongruinamovi 
piker grove fishtv midnight
"charliecalley63 miraclechild hahaha, right. that' becaus i'm a trump supporter? gimm a break"
exclusive: stacey abram land monday speak spot at dnc 2016  |  
creativ is know how to hide your sourc
"donald trump campaign saga keep rnc twist in the wind: ohio polit roundup: anoth day, anoth wind t...  cleveland polit"
newfi girl midnight maketvshowscanadian
itsriskyto accept I wa right
andthenishouldhavesaid you realli should take a shower befor we do thi it stink from here
jenn_abram I wish all women at 57 look like this...
me: what doe it tell you about?liberals: trump ha small hands!liberallog 
"for onc i agre with crook hillari clinton. you can't make through 9/11 ceremony, pathet neverforget "
"franci crick figur out the doubl helix structur of dna on acid. technically, the doubl helix wa one of the thingsinventedwhilehigh"
berserkcricket wast of time
hey starbuck and bankofamerica! still root for hillaryclinton? becaus these 'people' do womensmarch https://t.…
marijuana is rli that dangerous! don`t be silly! junkieu
"""not one properli vet refuge who ha been resettl to the u.s. ha engag in terrorism."" - davidtafuri"
omfg thi
power tool in the attic allmalereboot midnight
trump' mental state under a microscop  polit
dalla protest cancel and organ arrested; polic say they feel threaten 
obama press china' Xi on south china sea ahead of g20  world news
hillari clinton and donald trump kick off fall campaign in ohio: 6 takeaway  polit
more refuge are not welcome! islamkil brussel
get $0.05 for everi download. $5.00 for everi biz.  blackown buyblack blacktwitt 
"solang merkel da ist, wird deutschland stabil bleiben. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch"
curt schill stun fox host with defens of trump' comment about a young girl 
debat stunner: trump won’t say he’ll accept elect result 
"2ndamendmentday there' no such thing as a ""gun show loophol """
4wordgreatidea fuck your hash tag.
vomit underground  drunkband midnight
"what russia think about all thi ""russian hacker did it"" news mfa_russia"
donald trump promot earli vote earli in ohio: ohio polit roundup  polit
the dark knightess rise makeamoviehillari
black teen age 15-19 are 21 time more like to be shot by polic than white are.
the 2A IS my gun permit!   pjnet tcot ccot noguncontrol 
"clinton, trump support have few friend on other side  polit"
"nomin trump, indict clinton and other top convent moment  polit"
"wir haben rekordbeschäftigung, unser arbeitsmarkt bleibt in schwung merkelmussbleiben"
skeleton in clinton` closet whatclintonwrit
gop to kick off convention; trump to make visit  polit
that' what muslim want &amp; what should be kept veri far from america! 
trump attack hillari clinton through her husband' infidel  polit
iron industri revolut man   midnight addcartoonstohistori
the jack daniel band drunkband midnight
baltimorepost man accus of rape woman in annapoli
nocybercensorship the strangul of our freedom is almost palpable.
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
local news sen. john mccain rip donald trump for attack on muslim soldier' famili
senior republican say rnc must stick with trump  polit
sign that you'r a liberalliberallog 
“colored” and “white only” sign place abov water fountain at florida high schoolrac is grow all over t… 
terrifi like the hell is commin down!!! hey who know what had happened! phosphorusdisast
govern should look through heretostay tweetsit'd be easier to find illeg and deport them😉 
.ericbolling: '2000 shoot in chicago thi year – how mani were perpetr by polic officers?9 of the 2000' 
In half an hour we are go to play a game via giselleevns. don't miss it! 😉
"gigawalru so, now it ha everyth to do with politics? make up your mind already, will you?"
breaking: trump just challeng joe biden to the most danger game of all…  
union will zuwanderung besser steuern. da ist ein reizthema für die union 😧😧😧 wahlprogramm 
the power broker ranger midnight richmovi
ruinadinnerinonephras I might have confus salt and pepper shaker while cook
ireallylikeyoubut you can't match my level of crazy.
😄👍👍armi confirms: train slide list hillari clinton as insid threat! sickhillari 
itshardtobelievethat america doesn't have a histori of apartheid. mayb that is whi they don't care about  palestine. freepalestin
"islamkil I don't care if you call me insensitive, or other names. ""syrian refugees"" are not welcom here in u.s."
"yes, ""gun control"" becaus clearli criminals/terrorist obey laws. liberallog  prayers4california"
"dncleak colin powel say he won't vote for hillary! ""she' greedy, with a husband still dick bimbo at home"" "
wood look for more at wyndham after best round in 2 year
"gopdeb Of course,  exel speech everyone! At least there are some reason men left in polit vegasgopdeb"
miracl start to happen when you give as much energi to your dream as you do to your fears. ihq
packolog illyriom not to muslims. obvious
can israel swing the elect donald trump' way?  polit |  
russians: trump more 'fun' than clinton and would improv u...  |  
bei vielen aufgaben kommen wir nur gemeinsam in der welt voran. merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
what wrong with me??
have to work harder  my4wordnewyearsresolut
what simon did is more than just win a medal. she made a histori and becam a new hero.
top trump campaign aid fire  polit
biglou5775 you too!
hillari is noth without her money. sane peopl do not support her! 
thingsyoucantignor talk polit :(
sometimestwittermakesm obsess tweet
"northeast high school in oakland park, flso proud of thi young, strong, articul girl "
If you can't think for yourself you'll alway do as those who think for you saytrump2016  
amo oti and andi athleticstvshow
"clinton, trump clash over strategi to defeat is   "
clockwork orangetheori midnight californiamovi
first stage of grief: denialsecond stage of grief: anger 
report: former republican senat john warner to endors clinton 
person self-defens is the primari purpos of 2A nra tcot  prayers4california
"text is fine, call is okay. but be with you is the best."
ooooh yes! twitter 
donald trump ha huge ad buy - 2 minut long  
"while radic muslim are busi behead christians, 'moderate' muslim entertain themselv by burn flags! "
morocco say foil suicid attack plan for elect day  news
beingblacki hard when you live among white peopl
thetroublewithaddict especi with gambl is you get the same buzz lose a £1000 and claw it back as you do just wine a £1000
ich wünsche euch allen von ganzem herzen einen wunderbaren start in wochenende!😚😽 
unga2015 putin ha manag to creat a strong economi and industry. russian today are reacher then ani other european nation
steve roger
super bowl is just keep us from realiz tomorrow is monday staywok
"sander to trump: ""I am the best live exampl of be account after I dump everyth my voter stood for… "
trump prais ryan' primari challeng  polit
ohio offici confirm rnc staff noroviru outbreak: stat new  polit
"giuliani defend trump, blast de blasio on nyc bomb reaction | the auditor "
thi should be our regular practic in presidenti elect trump2016 wakeupamerica 
thanksobama wagegap movement
what' wrong with people???  rooseveltfieldmal  tcot gardencityshoot
offendeveryonein4word pepsi ad wa amaz
clinton on obamacar rate hikes: darci cartoon  polit
"senrandpaul phosphoru leakag contamin water in the american falls, fort hall and aberdeen, do you know smth about it?"
“i`m readi for selfie” whatclintonwrit
california is in my heart perfectstatein5word
gun make for a polit society! gun free zone make for more victims!  prayers4california
they can’t testifi against you if they “kill” themselv 
the onli fulli truthful thing we have is truth itself and the right to speak it out slaveryofspeech
you afford be so irrespons at thi level hillarynothnx
"rep. schiff: trump 'do damag mere by run for office': donald trump might not yet be president, but ... "
rip We need jesu peac  prayers4california
"""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" ~ olivernorthfnc "
"most peopl are other people. their thought are someon else' opinions, their live a mimicry, their passion a quotat"
and that' whi she got my endors thi year 
"As donald trump open d.c. hotel, hi hollywood star is smashed: polit extra  polit"
nooffencebut how is trump still a thing? 
"murderer,manipul by lobbies,interventionist,socialist (at a certain extent). hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
hillari clinton campaign respond to justic depart investig into baltimor polic  polit
otherthingstodoin6second devour a pizza
canadian horror story: niagra maketvshowscanadian midnight
"aid christi cut tie with over bridgeg to join trump campaign, report say"
france' macron shape hi parti for 2017 elect and beyond  world news
We know how citi realli look like on democratsand we don't want to see it anymor 
ilove__butihate__ food By hate heartburn
you have no idea how hard it is to forc myself to stop think about you sometimes.
клинтон победила на первом открывшемся участке в американском городке диксвилл-нотч (штат нью-гэмпшир)… 
idrunforpresidentif I were the last man on earth 
"idrunforpresidentif that could convinc my famili that my life isn't go downhill. not everyon ha to be marri to be successful, mom!"
patriot guid to twitter here  tcot pjnet ccot
"""the liber mainstream media is dwindl into irrelevancy...trump understand that thi is a dragon that ha to b… "
it' veri typic for blm member 
decid whether to use the internet for good or evil tonight.   otherthingstodoin6second
"media is lying, is anyon surprised? "
did you just wake up one morn and decid you no longer love me?
fact check: gop convent day 3  polit
cocktail dickflick
obama made health insur look good compar to obamacar thanksobama 
henrico 12-year-old featur in new clinton video 
iamonfir To the fella over there with the hella good hair: what shampoo do you use?
"it` not how old you are, it` how you are old.  – jule renard"
"good job dems, go and f**k urself for these foolish gun law you'v creat rooseveltfield gardencityshoot"
"tim kain took $160,000 worth of gift in office..a worthi candid for hillari clinton!👏👍 "
muslim arrest for plot midnight mass church attack on christma eve banislam 
zzcrane yeah. hillari is the most unprofession politician i'v ever seen.
"trump ‘different,’ ryan says, warn of ‘vague’ elect  polit"
"thingstoknowabouttwitt there is no edit button there will never be an edit button ,but peopl will still complain about…"
UK isn't EU anymor 2016in4wordsbrexit 
whi new york ha launch probe of trump chariti
songmakesmetearup   If I could fli and home
renamemillionwomenmarch march of women whose mother chose not to abort march
RT if you also think that trump is the most pro-veteran candidate! trump2016 trumppence16 
'black men for bernie' founder bruce carter is campaign for trump to end dem polit slaveri of black men! 
demdeb if hillari will win thye race - i'll eat my hat  demdebatemiami
"It is necessari to believ in nothing. that is, we have to believ in someth which exist befor all form and color appear. -s. suzuki"
how to regist to vote in louisiana for nov. 8 elect  polit
"+++live-blog: demonstranten drängen zur ""elphi"" elbphilharmoni g20 g20hh17 g20ham17 g20summit hamburg "
are you still want gun control?!say it to californian citizen prayers4california
"cruz chide obama, ignor trump and clinton dure san antonio speech "
"poll: clinton, trump virtual tie head into debat  polit "
fake news. how they make it.here----&gt; 
trump 'gold card' now 65% off  polit
"'I prefer donald trump' platform for our community. He can put america back to work, back to church, back to schoo… "
idontneedacostumebecaus I am crazi enough without ani costum
"I can't stop 😂😂just watch thi ""high energy"" hillary' rally! explain me how can the poll be favor to her?… "
congress is so strange. A man get up to speak and say nothing. nobodi listen  – and then everybodi disagrees.
dncleak prove georg soro is dictat hillari clinton foreign policy. 
remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyon els is doing.
carrieffish gari should be terrifi of a hitleri presidency!  trump/penc 2016-2024!! trumppence16 trumpforpresid
patriot act is the most senceless law  surveillanceday
He had no fear and wa realli strong will happybirthdayharrytruman 
Is donald trump play to stereotyp that a woman can't be command in chief?  polit
their eye were watch godzilla japanamovi midnight
bernie' support believ social is social network connect wakeupamerica  
"trumpsfavoriteheadlin wikileak bash anyone, except donald trump"
caus i'm a love sunni
"million ""first-world problems"" march  renamemillionwomenmarch  whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri"
the past is never where you think you left it
gopdeb My vote for carsongopdeb vegasgopdeb
"dear gennif flowers, welcom to our basket of deplorables😊thank you!debates2016 "
obama' rasputin valeri jarrett gave benghazi stand-down order -  - pjnet 999 - 
"when you choos to forgiv those who have hurt you, you take away their power."
don't use vote machin request A paper ballot! potu electionday voterfraud trumpwin hillary4prison trumpforpresid
thank you for our liberty! happi birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
not a fan of obama becaus of hi treatment of whisleblow etc but obamanextjob should be a comedian. he is hilarious. whcorrespond
onli person that' alway right. momin5word
that' how retard liber media can bewakeupamerica 
wikileaks: hillaryclinton email detail of new implant heart defibril 
jeb bush fundrais juggernaut show sign of slow
it’ amaz what you can accomplish if you don’t care who get the credit happybirthdayharrytruman 
seal team 6 leader: 3 elect sinc khizr khan died; khan are part of the clinton machin 
"with russia a campaign issue, clinton gain on foreign affair  polit"
forecast say trump win would hurt the stock market 
tip vega cowtv midnight
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"" "
idrunforpresidentif whi if? I will. i'm nice and everybodi love me and I love the US 
He came to the US legal &amp; he support donald trump! 
thingsnottaughtatschool shit about the real world 
addsethimproveanyth - adolph sethler
"mark steyn: ""there is a crude arithmet here...th more muslim you have, the more terror you have."" "
judg block lgbt rules; trump shift immigr tone (10 thing to know for tuesday) 
crime doe pay: d.c. vote to pay criminals. the reason whi will disgust you!  tcot 
"""hillari clinton is propos mass amnesty, mass immigration, and mass lawlessness."" ~ donald trump "
"iran is get stronger, you see, kerry? kerrydosmth"
my4wordnewyearsresolut not be so fat
trumpbecaus he’ power 🐷🍷😓
stonedcomicbook the flash ~ smoke my secret stash.
one of the canada state perfectstatein5word
My dog is soo jealou 😂 
haha show it to your girl 
think it' good martin luther king jr. will never see what obama did to the black community. He basic turn hi… 
footag of a man vandal donald trump' hollywood walk of fame star...liber left😡 
2A is my confid in the future. unfortun some bigot use it against citizen with ulterior motiv gardencityshoot
"amaz how feminist alway complain about rape culture, then defend women oppressor like chri brown. "
"I may not be the best, but i`m definit not like the rest"
lawmak to hold mete to discuss upcom elect 
"strongertogeth think about this, I did, and imnotwithher, I love my family, jobs,"
"I don't respect women, I want to grab em by the pussy, women have to stay at home, i'm hillari clinton and I approv… "
"hillari clinton, tim kain to campaign in miami  |  "
"""""mr. gorbachev tear down thi wall...to toon town"""""""
n.j. vote booth selfi ban still on the book for 2016 elect 
"igetdepressedwhen I notic it wa so easi to enter, but it' so hard to left... "
trumpbecaus he is the best candid 😂😝😅
"'believ in our country,' hillari clinton say in d.c. a week after lose elect  "
"If block syrianrefuge is good enough for serbia and macedonia, it good enough for us islamkil"
"topvideo obama declar himself a ""nerd"" "
look at the happi face of these men! are they refugees? NO they are coward who ran away and left their families! 
hillari launch all-spanish twitter account..hmm🤔 Is she run for presid of mexico? 
cometpizza burn down whatiwantforchristmasin4word or jamesalefanti in prison 
midnight detroit ly about your age sexysport
great look crew!trumptraindayofendorsementblackchurchendorsetrump 
"grubhub ceo issu e-mail To staff, repudi trump  "
eat anoth half cook fri otherthingstodoin6second
"good morning, patriots! let the sun alway shine upon our wonder land. god bless america! "
election2016 trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
"topvideo trump vow not to toler crime, violenc if he' presid "
run realli fast 😁tcot 
dragon ball zito athleticstvshow
"“if we have no peace, it is becaus we have forgotten that we belong to each other” - mother teresaneverforget 🇺🇸 "
georg saw putin' 'soul.' jeb see a 'bully' 2016elect
"china ha arm all of it artifici islands, stole a US navi drone all while obama and the media worri about fake russian ha…"
chicago tribune: democrat should ask clinton to step asid 
twi_myself 😊 
let our god plan parenthood!lookonthebrightsidein5word 
thingspeopleontwitterlik call a pound sign a hashtag
anoth arrest made on an illeg alien tri to vote here in san antonio. Be on the lookout! 
fact check the latest debat between trump and clinton  news
for there is no respect of person with god.
vaccin could be veri harm for health vaccinateu
how bill clinton help and hurt hillari clinton: darci cartoon: bill clinton' right about hillari have been ...  cleveland polit
weedsillegalbut that' just ridankul
"""the silenc of the lamborghinis."
topvideo obama play down china airport row 
"planes, trains, and pick-up truck redneckamovi midnight"
"We walk the same path, but got on differ shoe"
these are the peopl who can stop illeg imigr gopdebatesc
"reasonstogetdivorc you are not the father, not the father, not the father, not the father, not the father, not t… "
dturn12 he wa take thi picture!
Ma 6 kid gonna love you blackpickuplin
clever_dov like thi pic!
snyder at the gop convention: No longer toast with champagn  news
isabosalem oh right
tbernaki steph93065 that' it thoma
"""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" ~ giuliani "
the rubio deception: truth v lie … tcot rino gope
midnight addamovieruinamovi iron man in the iron mask
"topvideo michel obama: campaign is ""bittersweet"" "
I agre with clint eastwoody creat racism in your head 
nigerian president' wife may not back him at next elect  world news
"I believ in you, donald! gopdebatesc"
pleas spread thi video and show it to all feminist and liber support islam! 
presid obama ha order the pentagon to find and kill the leader of an al-qaeda-link group in syria 
My hatr for hillaryclinton ha reach a new level. hillaryforprison imnotwithh 
"jugendmitmerkel tagderjugend merkel ist bürgernah, kompet und durchsetzungsfähigworldelephantday  burka-verbot kartoffelsalat"
somewher over the chemtrail.  conspiracysong
"seriously, can you imagin your child share a bathroom with some perv?  I won't let thi happen. "
trump attorney seek to bar hi campaign comment at trial 
Do you know what is common between isi and hillari clinton? both fund by saudi arabia.podestaemails2 
sie kann in hitzigen debatten die gemüter beruhigen. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
meticul manag will prevent corrupt mycampaignslogan
MT 911usa1: obama - good is evil and evil good! wildbillusa tcot teaparti  wakeupamerica pjnet
"fl4trumpdotcom join the flashmob across the state of florida to support mr. trump on august, 20. check the detail on our page."
let' take thi realiti show To washington! trumpcampaignslogan
🏠 total look like😱 just like my face when I saw 2016presidentelect cndidat emojiaweekend
"trump support on cnn, stranger to mom at home "
thi is a hillary2016 when she doesn't have springsteen
merkel und ihr team sind  in der lage afd zu stoppen! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
trump is not presid yet but he ha alreadi start to work for america! americafirst 
"dnc 2016: obama optimist about america, say clinton 'ready' to be presid  polit"
former fbi asst director jame kallstrom say the countri he work and fought for is 'go down the tubes'.… 
"somedayidliketose an end to intolerance, hatr and  gherkin on the big mac"
I love you! 
realtalk tcot  RT if you wonder whi obama won't spend our tax to train/build ani workplac for a blacklivesmatt negro to work
what it is like to stand against crimin face to face? 2a teapartynew teaparti 
"thingsyoucantignor a cri baby, apparently."
"senatorsnow water resourc in american fall are in danger becaus of phosphorus, is it right?"
make monday great again trump2k16  trumpforpresid
brussel under attack... prayforbrussel 💔
bitch i'm a dog dogsong
30 second To blackout! drunkband midnight
twittercanbeabit fuck worthless
So everybodi know where I vote had a broken vote machine. riggedelection??? trumpforpresid
so epic falling!  
terror ha no race or religion but islam fundamentalist do realli want to kill us! 
trump support dure the debates2016 tonight 
sweetatertot2 help! twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k+ follow for be pro-trump!
"libidoloung ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
thingstobeashamedof pompeo hunt for julianassang and that elit aren't go to jail for their crimes.
mann stirbt bei unwett in geparktem auto  
thanksobama the harsh truth about barack obama: He fail
"hillari clinton, in accept speech, urg uniti against donald trump: hillari clinton accept the democratic...  cleveland polit"
everyon want change. No one want to change. that' exactli the way hillari want america to be wakeupamerica 
"""wir schaffen, das. Da bin ich ganz davon überzeugt."" merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
retweet if you also think that american have right to see medic record of presidenti nominee! hillaryhealth 
"the more hatr you espous against him, the more ilovemuhammad for oscarformuhammad oscarnom whoismuhammad"
lmintx how could it happen that isi threat is alreadi in us? texasjihad
".realdonaldtrump: ""we all have big hearts. We just can't allow these peopl into our country...""wednesdaywisdom "
"""I don't believ there' such a thing as action without consequences."" - ""mari reilly"" (1996) quot true"
best of moto show! 
saudi-back forc seiz aden airport: exil govern  world news
"she ain't all your we share that hoe, but let me find out she havin your babi tho"
"By the way, burlington, WA where cascademal shoot happen is a gun-fre zone! "
10 takeaway from the democrat convent  polit
sad alon desper valentinesdayin3word
"clinton, trump meet world leader for veri differen...  polit |  "
pain ha a way of clip our wing and keep us from be abl to fly.
"andthenishouldhavesaid No shit, sherlock!! "
what msm doesn't want you to see!blackwomendidthat 
amnesti intern condemn obama' unpreced $110 billion arm deal with repress middleeast regim 
realdonaldtrump hillari live rich while haitian kid  she stole from live in tent and suffer from hurrican matthew in tent
😄😄 
gift from puppi 
demdeb hillari - born with a silver lie in her mouth demdebatemiami
ask other women at the dentist' offic how mani month along they are. thingstodoinawaitingroom
Am I right? Do they want to get an oscar onli becaus they are black? oscarhasnocolor
"louisiana gop reject censur of dardenne, angel for not endors vitter  polit"
I have a question to all the trump support out therewould you chang your mind on vote for him if he slap a woman on air?rt pl
fall for you more and more everyday.
cnnbrk cnn is bias 
igetdepressedwhen I see trump support 
"dalla newspap break 75-year tradition, endors clinton  polit"
the donald trump 3am Ad  polit
now marco support by foxnew foxbusi openbord chuckschum wakeupamerica  
wearhoodiefortrayvon rememb trayvon! It can becom a good tradit for blackhistorymonth 
We have the best supporters! trumppence2016 makeamericagreatagain 
topvideo rehab golden eagl releas back into california wild 
« someon who know too much find it hard not to lie. » wittgenstein
hrc can't draw a crowda poll said 49% for hillary. 20 peopl &amp; a dog ralli can't give her that big of a poll number 
clinton campaign manag push back on foundat ethic q...  |  
fjfmiami he' too busi cover hillary' ass
offendeveryonein4word  no offenc but ye (offence)
politweec wish them luck!
trump accus clinton of ‘bigotry’ and promis tougher polic  polit
5 reason whi you should care about the democrat nation convent  polit
hillary' accomplish at the state department..deb 
"dem are liter delet our history, delet e-mails...good job, guys. you'r real american morons! "
thingsyoucantignor new puppi explor the world for the first time.
"stwalker98117 martens_brendon Do you ""thing"" you'r funny? I mean when you'r not make a fool of yourself?"
".pastormarkburns: ""there' no such thing as an 'african-american community.' that is polit correctness..."" "
don't let the corrupt system to brainwash you!teapartynew theteaparti polit 
хиллари опережает трампа на 6 пунктов в новом опросе post-abc  
".govmikehuckabee: ""frankly, what the govern ha been do for 40 year hasn't worked."" "
Is the grammi tri to make up for the oscarssowhit ? ij oscarhasnocolor
trump need everyon To see the proof that hillari burn down thi black church…  
thingspeopleontwitterlik
obama defraud taxpay out of trillion and freeli walk the streets... what a shame! obamacarefail… 
lol! hillari found noth better than to blame russia for dncleak. 
reallifemagicspel nudiu deleteu - eras all unsolicit dick pic from your phone
chitrib oprah disgrac america and thi women so horribl by endors hillaryrottenclinton she die :( trumpt… trumpforpresid
poll find trump and clinton support agre on at least one thing
friyay 
"other women, I see none, you'r like starin at the sun. jasonaldean"
"wer behauptet, link gewalt sei harmlos al rechte, hat den moralischen kompass verloren"
"our futur is in our hands, america! "
chelsea clinton' best line at the dnc  polit
ohio' gop politician draw line over support of donald trump  polit
trumpbecaus polítician should learn from you realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain 🌝☺️
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
i'm just a coffe maniac today ☕ ☕ ☕
topvideo clinton take 'wait and see' view on nyc blast 
boom💥 SC gov. nikki haley switch support to trump over clinton vote trump! 
camdencitynew and that' true! sad truth!
i`m busyyyyi 😂😂 
trump hater get away from san diego and from america!it' trump land! sdtrumpral maga 
itsunacceptableto not to tri threesom at a colleg
senat pois to vote to overrid obama’ veto of 9/11 bill 👏🏻 
"clinton, trump put on full-court press to secur pennsylvania "
obamalegaci tri to infring the constitut right of american people2a 
"obama said rais the debt limit doesn't increas debt-you know,lik rise the speed limit doesn't increas speed "
donald trump call for expans of 'stop and frisk' on 'hannity' fox new tape in cleveland height  polit
the US nazi are vote for trump  
 celebr with no make up
michel kwan to campaign for hillari clinton in ohio  polit
"'hamilton' member give penc earful; trump: ""apologize!""  "
51 year ago malcolm X wa killed. and i'm glad that they didn't leav him a chanc to spread hi hate inmemoryofmalcolmx
it’ veri sad that our presid is so needi gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
rip gun make you feel safe prayers4california
death is always...
"nievesreport hi, alicia! We are hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover i… "
thingstobeashamedof CA spend approxim 25b a year while the infrastructur it' fall apart! jerrybrowngov…
I hate peopl stomp on the flag! If you hate thi countri so much you'r alway free to leave! 
neverhillary!“democrat convent draw anti-hillari protesters” 
new obama vacat cost uncovered. they now exceed $70 million
thingsyoucantignor a fart with a lump in it
thingsdonebymistak nativ american welcom your ancestors. should have made them get back on those boat
"""I lost. the nigger won."""
meet latinosfortrump! they are 100% behind realdonaldtrump &amp; want to build the wall! 
"the real trump trump about you"" watch make 1   tcot pjnet 1A 2A trump trump2016 "
.realdonaldtrump: hillari should disarm her bodyguard if she realli believ 'gun don't keep you safe' 
lebron jame endors hillari clinton 
superoldhero arthriti man: he' ach to help you
exclusive– maryland deleg To introduc bill target terror-tied…  pjnet tcot ccot 
christmasaftermath i'm full dayafterchristma
55% of clinton voter are less enthusiast about vote thi election.56% of trump voter are more enthusiast about vote thi elect
weedsillegalbut some peopl embrac failure.
OH I m crying!!! 
"messupaquot frank booth scarlet, I don't give a dont you f**king look AT me! "
🤔hmm.. how long befor twitter delet hillari rotten clinton?dncinphl demconvent
christi advis trump on town-hal tactic ahead of second debat  polit
'the rise of islamist extrem in europ will onli get worse..' ~ geert wildersmunich 
'insink   drunkband midnight
breitbart publish a call to “hoist [the confeder flag] high and fli it with pride” 2 week after the charlesto… 
debat rewind: clinton wa prepared; trump wa trump  polit
"bakersbit tpartynew If you come to america, please, learn english! teapartynew theteapartynew gop tcot "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari scientolog
Do not trust the media honestyin5word 
trumpi still on the canada thing...stay on that it' work well.  ccot teaparti nhprimari
jemil week and geek  athleticstvshow
A burden of one’ own choic is not felt
"nevermind, it' just liberallog "
toni stank is iron mannnnnnn. midnight stonedcomicbook
A race car name desir redneckamovi midnight
"""I just want lasagna"
foxnew let' forget about thi liar
imagin media' reaction if trump wa caught wear an earpiece...hillarysearpiec 
"tour flooding, trump move ahead with campaign turnaround "
"bull market durham"""
I am a marxist--of the groucho tendency.
trump get boost from brexit leader  polit |  
"trump, clinton clash on jobs, isis, tempera "
"correct: clinton, trump in ‘statist dead heat’ in n.h.: poll  polit"
iknewweweredoom when they said they had gotten shia labeouf to star in the film.
"exit, pursu by a bear."
trump' plan to fund hi wall could actual make more mexican migrat north  
thingspeopleontwitterlik ferri 
thanksobama for blm riot
love is like a lost object
thi is total gonna be the best album yet 
new guide: trump face accus from more women 
hidden figur under your fat insultingmovi
rechtsrock-konzert in thüringenein kleinstadt rechnet mit 5000 neonazi
don't be asham to cry.
"bombshel viral video : the truth about clinton inc. – greed, corruption, crime  "
"clinton, kain stump togeth after convent  polit |  "
RT if you also want muslim influenc out of the white house! 
lastminutegifts2016 dick In A box... (no pun intended) 
topnew obama turn focu on senat race as he campaign for clinton
trumpbecaus sometim your best invest are the one you don't make
rtifyouar friend with the monster that' under your bed 
freddiegray to officer: 'I need help' - polic fixthepolic blacklivesmatt 
"worldofd """
"wow, so you can have a debat without yell person insult At each other?  hmmmm.. i'm shocked! (*insert sarcasm*) demdebatemiami"
tofeelbetteri get a doppelgang who goe to work instead of me but doesn’t ask for ani money hillarysbodydoubl
hololen (briefly) shown stream  '  halo 5 '   and netflix
penc say khan famili ‘should Be cherish by everi american’  polit
awesome!! 
mybedroomin3word realli nice view 
I can't believ hillari ha a chanc to becom the next US presidentteapartynew 
my2017biggesthop stop interact with sjws. I hope they'd realli leav the countri
frau merkl hat den sinn für die realität! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
washington rodskin sexysport midnight
without it a relationship is doomed.
'american are hungri to feel onc again a sens of mission &amp; greatness' ~ ronald reagan 
everi time you RT thi pic it will notifi hillaryclinton and she will see these poor haitian kids.. make it vira… 
iamonfir tag a friend that throw thi bad😂 
"behind the smiles, tough realiti for trump and gop congress  "
clinton’ attack strategi to blunt comey damag carri risk  polit
trump ha promis to unveil a new polici agenda for “revit the american economy” in a speech monday. 
christi explain whi it' far too earli to write off trump
shrine at humayun khan' grave sprout after father' dnc speech  polit
thetroublewithaddict is that it' an uphil battl with a broken sword.
fact check: democrat nation convent day 3  news |  
rumpsniffer.  dogsong midnight
say it ain’t so snowflak 
success peopl are not gift
‘i thi the spokesperson in chief you want?’  news |  
topnew dupont texa plant worker who die lack protection: osha 
trump at town hall. without devast foreign polici of obama and clinton isi wouldn't exist iranransomscand 
new york citi mayor bill de blasio say explos in chelsea neighborhood wa “an intent act” 
urgent: clinton judg just start arrest trump supporters!! you gotta see why…  
the right to keep individu weapon is veri import for social secur 2ndamendmentday
If we don't chang direct we are like to end up where we are headed.
cobainshut hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
watch: anti-trump protest buse caught On tapew knew they were do thi but film prove it to non believers… 
"trump vow to protect, cherish christian valu  |  "
thingsthatshouldbecensor decaf
"My mind’ my 9, my pen’ my mac-10. My target? all you wack niggaz who start rappin’.  – biggi"
votetrump makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
ihaveadreamthat medic research will find a cure for hangov
and a million to two
thingsyoucantignor my tongu worldofhashtag 
I had respect for my mom and grandma grow up and I alway respect my elder that' whyimgangsta
thefirst100daystodolist give the russian visa-fre entri
bourbon jovi drunkband midnight
"pence, kain campaign in virginia "
nintendo the right thing japanamovi midnight
"social media react as pence, kain squar off in lone VP debat  news"
ihaveadreamthat someon would present me hamilton ticket for mlk day 
big droid
 the bird wake up my sister
thi is a must-read. clinton must be in prisonclinton’ middle-class ride - 
"At least 19 dead virginian are re-regist to vote. f*ck yeah, democracy! wakeupamerica "
renamemillionwomenmarch brownskirt with butthurt whatilearnedtoday
pink hair is fugli offendeveryonein4word
".drjillstein claim we can’t trust PA becaus NO paper ballots, yet demand a recount in michigan which is all pap… "
"conway on poll tightening: ""mr. trump do thi w/out the support of all gop &amp; it quit remarkable""nbcnewsforum "
"ruinadinnerinonephras thi wine is delicious, btw! thank for let me have the whole bottle, b w. Do you have ani more wine?"
MT texasshebandit: wakeupamerica - gov't ha NO right to impos guncontrol. support cosproject.  pjnet
arcadian144 you can't judg peopl by their skin or where they live! that' like hitler did! 
I can't stand the thought of you with anybodi else.
"andthenishouldhavesaid fuck you, donald trump, find your own way home!"
"look like fun, like a muddin sturgi way down in south florida. "
she love chew songshannibalwoulds
free republic: TX grand juri think fake licens wors than slaughter babi  pjnet 999 
MT shooters_wife: listen! A grassroot army... come to take back their country! pjnet  cruzcrew pjnet
3 drink in haha nice pit bull it about to be a parti ama turn up
chelsea man ask obama to cut sentenc to time serv  
have you seen thi new petit to make the 2d amend stricter? guncontrol 2A  
judg in texa temporarili block obama’ transgend rule
"provocative, clever, satir "
hillari pay-to play: kayn wa award VP slot for step down as dnc chair to instal wasserman-schultz… 
die cdu will die vielfalt der erneuerbaren energien nutzen merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
stop wish for it and start work for it.
what do you think about the nomine for labor secretary?
"tim kain in new orleans, say injustic must be fought "
"messupaquot  ""if a million peopl say a foolish thing, they must be for  trump"" - anatol franc"
billi bush under fire along with trump for lewd comment  news
i'd like to tri it 
hillari is an embarrass as a first woman president!
"gun control will make it even worse. We are on our own, obama is a traitor. guns4ni"
"demndeb what hillari is go to do with obamacare, I wonder? demdeb"
"itldoranch yeah, also drink acid boost your metabolism, vote for hillari make you smart and the moon is made of chees"
it' realli funni how liber say jamesokeefeiii video is a fake while top dem are alreadi fired🤔… 
judg rip media
🚨break videovot machin caught cast ballot for democrat when select republican‼️spread!… 
goptownhal ted cruz 8ft banner sign republican pjnet  nra republican 
My parent aren't rich but they'v alway found a way to make sure I had anyth I ever need or want and for that i'm forev grate
reflect clinton return to campaign trail after pneumonia  news
obama’ polit is aw so I think that onli jeb bush could recov our countri after that! jebwecan bush2016
"I don't have mani reason to consum alcohol, but the debatenight is absolut one of themso "
think about it 
.twitter is design for everyone. stop make it for verifi user  nocybercensorship
anger and jealousi can no more bear to lose sight of their object than love.
"liber lose so much I start to feel bad.. oh no, I don'ttcot pjnet "
survivalguidetothanksgiv vomit on the tabl so everyon believ your stomach is sick and you have a reliabl reason to leav
except for those who were sexual assault by bill clinton. womensequalityday 
daywithoutthewoman 
"oh gosh, whi would I need this? trump debat 😂😂😂 "
thi ladi is on fire!🔥peopl are sick &amp; tire of the constant liber propaganda &amp; lies! 
beauti is whatev give joy.  – edna st. vincent millay
stopislam whi do they think peopl are go to just wait for the them to catch these terr islamkil
don't worri be happi gilmor addasongruinamovi
move out from DC on christma eve hillaryclinton 
"gopdeb you know that  gosh! No need even in debates, republican are ahead of the pack! vegasgopdeb"
"As democrat convent nears, excess heat settl in  | "
"amazing. fbi find 14,900 lost clinton email – what A crook!hillarysemail  "
🚨break hillari outrag over fbi investigationsh call it 'strange' &amp; claim to be abov the law… 
ana navarro: trump will becom ‘albatross’ for ryan and rubio  polit
"'thi elect will decid whether we are rule by the people, or by the politicians!' - D. trumptrump2016 "
thingspeopleontwitterlik save By the bell cosplay
trump to propos elimin defens spend cut  polit
"I came back to let you know, got a thing for you and I can't let go"
"trump goe after ""littl michael bloomberg""  polit"
ex-man makeamoviehillari 
hurrican matthew could also wreak havoc on the presidenti elect  polit
"shot fire insid rooseveltfield rooseveltfieldmall, doesn't surpris me. just anoth day in america. SO over it.  gardencityshoot"
"update🚨th alleg suspect in the incid outsid penn station, akram joudeh ha 15‼️ previou arrests! "
 x))) my friend feel the same)
the power polit of trump' vow to jail clinton  polit
obama say north korea sanction must be implement after missil fire  news
anti-donald trump ad in ohio evok fear of nuclear holocaust  polit
thingsthatshouldbecensor dr. phil and dr. oz. either or both
iknewweweredoom when I discov that teenag could name 5 youtub star but not 5 US presidents.
I have vote in everi local and gener elect that ha happen sinc I turn 18. whyimgangsta
If you need more proof clinton foundat is a corrupt enterpris  here you have it. spread! 
"yep, she realli said it benghazi hillary2016 hillaryemail hillno rednationris tcot pjnet ccot tlot "
gop slam obama after explan of $400m payment to iran  news
politweec so he' actual guilty?
'the principl of life that europ ha built on are in mortal danger.' ~ victor orban 
A good travel ha no fix plan and is not intent on arriv
"If hillari accept gift from foreign govts. then If elected, her allegi will be to donors, but not to the usa… "
meet thi 'lovely' muslim woman who demand welfare! 
"billclinton want to import 10,000 syrianrefuge so they can 'rebuild' detroit "
man On the moonshin redneckamovi midnight
it' official!donald trump is our gop presidenti nominee. 
neun-punkte-plan f�r mehr sicherheit merkel 
thingspeopleontwitterlik My tweets.
jeder mensch zählt und jede talent wird gebraucht merkelmussbleiben
hillaryclinton is it just anoth lie?
teapartynew cop usa theteaparti polit conserv usa libertarian republican nobama 
"clinton ha edg over trump in mich., pa., tie in ohio: poll  polit"
"mike pence: ""american are less safe today than the day that barack obama becam presid of the unit states."" "
"andthenishouldhavesaid here, have some more tequila."
donald trump releas new AD just befor debatenight make sure to watch &amp; spread thi great video!debates2016 
reallifemagicspel mondaymorn - make someon hate their entir exist
 just found the video)))
clinton' tie to rich foreign businessmen rais question whether state dept is unbias 
how I see peopl who write tweet with imwithhernow hashtag 
charliecalley63 i'm not impli you'r a democrat or something. it' that trump is not even in the offic yet but you'r alreadi whine
sometimesitsokto be skeptic about everything. i'm skeptic about thi statement
wtf??? 
the two student are on temporari leav while babson colleg consid disciplinari measuresracismmustfal 
midnight the secret life of pet sematari addamovieruinamovi
🤔I guess it wa colin powel who told hillari to lie about emails..hillarysemail 
trump energ hindu commun at chariti event in edison 
"""what did we learn with dnc hack? We learn that berni sander wa taken advantag of by your people."" ~ trumpdeb debatenight"
unfortun just me mybedroomin3word
don't run from a challenge. instead run toward it becaus the onli way to escap fear is to trampl it beneath your feet. -nadia comaneci
obama return from summer vacat readi for busi fall 
obama and putin discuss syria cease-fir at g-20 in hangzhou 
"usaforyoubruv oldskull65 yeah, you'r right"
trump' appoint of breitbart' bannon anger ill. dem  
brussel doe terrorisn have a religion? islamkil
all that you need to know about liberalstcot 
trump on birtherism: 'we want to get on with the campaign'  polit
trumpbecaus he is a histor figur who will be quotet decad later! He ha someth to say and he know what he is doing! 👬😱
We must protect ourselv by whatev mean necessari guns4ni
jenn_abram johnkasich sweeeeeet sixteeeen!
vice presidenti debat seen by 37 million viewer  news
trump ally: i'm not peddl 'conspiraci theories'  polit
best of hillari clinton bullshit from the demdeb  demndeb
topvideo trump: My employe are suffer under obamacar 
"prayforbrussel We are at war, my god, thi is just sick. I don't want to pray, I wanna slay everi singl terrorist in thi world!!!"
claim you can't particip due to a bad case of explos diarrhea.  survivalguidetothanksgiv
cop call elderli black man the n-word befor shoot him to deathkillercop blacklivesmatt 
"mormon, mo' problem makemusicreligi"
despic Me So horni addasongruinamovi midnight
breaking: what tomi larhen just did made hillari clinton’ life a live hell!  
He who wish to move mountain must also move valley and plain as well.–friedrich nietzsch
mexico' new financ minist spurn donald trump  news
breaking: congresswoman tulsi gabbard told cnn that she ha proof the obama administr wa fund isi and al-qaed…
today is the day we makeamericagreatagain !!!!! trumpforpresid
"We need to discuss racism, not christian stopthegop"
"two guys, a girl, and A flock of seagul  addabandtoatvshow"
donald trump defeat hillari clinton for presid  
'the nation which forget it defend will itself be forgotten'~ calvin coolidg rncincl trump2016benghazi 
"success is get what you want, happi is want what you get.  – w.p. kinsella"
As usual... maga 
De blasio express city’ fear in meet with trump  
celeb befor and after makeup. 3 is nearli unrecognizable! who knew?
 thingstobeashamedof covering-up pizzagate/pedog and protect the abus and traffick o…
secondhandgift soap 
i'm not good at steal money reasoniamnotpresid
steph curri back clinton for presid  polit
pga` master and submiss sexysport midnight
baltimorepost they would fuck up
thankyoutrump for transffer the power back to us the peopl 
tim kain say trump encourag watergate-lik hack of dnc by russian  polit
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump IS the hero WE deserve!!! makeamericagreatagain 👲🏿👰🏿💩
2 suspect kill after san bernardino mass shoot guns4ni
don't see ani senc in vote for hillari hillarynothnx
fish n chip  fishtv midnight
ihavearighttoknow how my tax are realli spent.
i'm go to ban gmo chicken. I use a knife and fork at kfc becaus I can't get my hand around the huge breasts! sad! probabletrumpstweet
msm won't show you thi photo! help thi guy to spread hi word &amp; reach more people!rncincl 
"the truth behind dnc candid ""battle"" "
I just had a deathstrok superoldhero midnight
i wish there were an emoji for pancak 😢
obama also 'caught' drop 'p-word' 
when you cut into the present the futur leak out.
hahaov offic and it repres tcot pjnet 
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘when you have an effici government, you have a dictatorship’ "
hanna Is first gop hous member who plan to vote for clinton  polit
igetdepressedwhen politician' open their mouths.
bone-hemian rhapsodi dogsong midnight
kaine: fight against isi 'dramat improved'  polit
"dave chappelle: ""black live matter"" is the worst slogan i'v ever heard! how about ""enough is enough""? votingtrump! "
the polit behind obama' christian siriano dress  polit
"Uh oh, wa marco rubio guilti in the ben carson dropout rumor?  cruzcrew p2 tcot ccot carson"
may 15th is the peac offic memori day! thank all offic for make our life peaceful! honorforthebrav
clinton improv edg over trump in new nation poll  polit 
"To the bat-stair lift, robin superoldhero midnight"
allwentwrongwhen we tighten the law
"Be like the fountain that overflows, not like the cistern that mere contain"
"If presidenti wannab name hillari is on tv, mute sound so no BS she screech"
can't stand waitin for the ceremony!!! oscarhasnocolor oscar
hillarybecaus liber would rather burn in a nuclear fire then admit the obviou 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to avoid annoy peopl 
when the hell will you final understand this? 
"deceit media caught on act when tri to drive the ""donald trump is racist"" rhetoric. blacksfortrump "
watch: huma abedin refus to answer muslim brotherhood inquiri and run away from journalistspodestaemails28 
I don't want my money to be spent on these crimin and I that' whi i'll support trump! makeamericagreatagain ! 
sie regiert ausgewogen und klug merkelmussbleiben
send a mass email that ask 'which countri do not have an extradit treaty? ask for a friend.' howtoloseyourjob
istartcryingwhen a typo ruin a perfectli good twee.
oppos syrian muslim refuge is a jewish valu
when I think about you I lick myself dogsong midnight
hillari clinton target trump' rust belt base  polit
"man who yell at a terrorist in munich who kill 9 peopl arrest for ''hate speech''germany, you'r great! "
"So if she becom american president, kill me, please...teapartynew theteaparti hillary2016 "
stonedcomicbook twofac or two faced? midnight 
republican nation committe staffer leav ohio over clash with donald trump' state campaign leader  polit
"jon voight: let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu hi c… "
zulu dawn of the dead addamovieruinamovi midnight
"reminder: hillari caught use a child actor‼️ at her townhal in haverford, padeb"
"don't be fools! iran just need nuclear weapon, they'll violat the deal as soon as possibl kerrydosmth"
weedsillegalbut weed smoker can't rememb whi to argu it' OK
whi we should elect donald trump presid of the unit states: david G. arredondo (opinion)  polit
portiaderossi you are gorgeous!
wow! dem call latino 'taco bowl'👇 but media keep silent! hey cnn DO your job!demsinphilli dncleak 
"how will trump, clinton spin 2.9% u.s. gdp growth?  polit"
childrenthinkthat man stand near the school fenc is just a veri kind man hand out sweets.......
obama: pere won hi war but understood the need for peac  
you know that  basic I agre with everi singl word vegasgopdeb
idrunforpresidentif you gave me a hug
 astonishing!
MT smolloydvm: I base everi decis I make on biblic principles. ccot  renewu pjnet
hillari clinton for presid of libya! she made the mess there &amp; she can't even recall.. 
without polic lawless usa is perfect perfectstatein5word
obama is as crook as hillary!h know elect are rigged! He continu to lie and deceiv american people. 
hillari clinton is a super predator. protestor know hillari is a racist. 
rememb these peopl will leav the US when trump wins!tuesdaymotiv 
"A lunat yell ""allah akbar"", stab two. liber media: islam ha noth to do with it wakeupamerica "
be on same wave showyourlovein4word
fleshlight or peni pump...fleshlight or peni pump...lastminutegifts2016
".hillaryclinton yeah, let'shillaryaccomplish "
"obama deni $400m ship to iran wa ransom, say it wasn't 'nefari deal'  polit"
joe and tonic ruinadrink 
realdonaldtrump will bring back our borders!!! 
'let' see thi through'  gop brass ralli parti behind  trump after convent nomination:  
love is a roller coaster.
rightnowicouldus a better president. 
kingbud come stonedcomicbook
"troubl ahead IN philly? sander backer plan more dnc protests, ad to chaotic kick-off:  "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari australian fauna
dalla 
what is it all about?! 
are you ready? our game via giselleevn start in 25 minutes! 
istartcryingwhen puppi 
makesexawkwardin5word  mind IF MY dad joins?
jenn_abram there' too muxh of them alreadi
silver couch surfer  stonedcomicbook midnight
"the soul should alway stand ajar, readi to welcom the ecstat experience.  – emili dickinson"
donald trump call out ‘mr. tough guy’ joe biden  polit
what are cia and fbi doing? terrorist start their propaganda on american social media! isiswatchingy
thingsnottaughtatschool how to stop be a procrastin 
cute need protect too 2A 
"thanksobama obama' tenur wa like pass kidney stones. long and pain event, but it' over"
jvr is get into the zone. tmltalk 
addasongruinamovi you'll never find nemo
obama’ kenyan half-broth say he support donald trump  news
life in the world is your opportun to understand and know who you ultim are. thi is enlightenment.
addabandtoatvshow buffi the vampir weekend slayer 
victory! I am back!twitt unlock my account! thank you for your support!sundaymorn 
look at the happi face of these men! are they refugees? NO they are coward who ran away and left their families! 
clinton campaign chairman say fbi probe ‘crimin hack’  of hi email  polit
never care for what the know. but i know 
a1_pheonix how can you even be seriou with these people?
and blm doe 
"If you’v got someth to say and the work is good, it doesn’t matter where you came from.  – tom hiddleston ff"
realdonaldtrump twitternyc what will you do first when you'r the president?
wikileak show clinton aid tout lafayett coney 
No more corrupt politicians. clinton must be the first to jail next to obama riggedsystem 
rejecteddebatetop wa that dress white and golden or black and blue
👩🏼💰💰💰💰💰💰💰 clinton foundat emojiaweekend
I believ that femin is a movement to find apolog for a shameless behaviorteapartynew 
"nbc donat $5.6 million To democrat party, provid first debate’ moder "
the hunger flame midnight makeabookwarm
new edit - i'm still In love with you  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
idrunforpresidentif the countri need a lazi sarcast winelov to keep that chair warm
"while america prepar to never tire of winning, leftist appar never tire of losing. dealwithitalreadi thingsyoucantignor"
journalist who insist eric trump stop rais money for children with cancer said noth when hillari accept mil… 
the bob kangaroohart show (1972) (tv series) maketvshowsaustralian midnight  ➥
reasonsiaintinarelationship Me or the ps4? she asked. I hope she'  fine wherev she is hahaha.
"the problem isn't that hillari clinton is a corrupt, lie &amp; criminal. the problem is that her support don't care "
.govmikehuckabee: 'everyth hillari clinton say about her email is factual untrue. A lie!'hillarysemail 
decid that you want it more than you are afraid of it. -bill cosbi
how can you all pray for a mass shoot in pari but not for the one in your own country?  prayers4california
obamanextjob worst potu actor ever
blacklivesmatt doesn’t mean other live don’t — it’ simpli ask that the black commun also achiev the ju… 
probabletrumpstweet alicia machado call to congratul me on a fantast campaign. not rule her out for ambassador t…
".tuckercarlson: rep. john lewi is a civil right icon, but he' also an elect official. He doesn't get to shut… "
"topvideo clinton: trump is ""unqualifi to be president"" "
the middleeast countri want to  gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
aventador get that air🙌 doubl tap if you want thi car❗️ 
thingsyoucantignor stamped moos
hansolafhenkel würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
für unser jugend gibt es heut ausreichend ausbildungsplätz merkelmussbleiben
stopislam islamkil pray for strength pray for peac pray for uniti prayforbrussel
scandal is gossip made tediou by morality.
new US nigerian military: 234 more femal rescu from extremist (the philadelphia inquirer) 
"If I have seen further, it is by stand on the shoulder of giants. – isaac newton"
"""we will get the job done!"" - trump' inaugur speech. final a presid will to do hi job!godblessamerica "
we’r not alway go to understand whi someth happens. true faith is trust even when it doesn’t make sense. ihq
My presid is black and my econom is ruined!makeamericagreatagain 
the liberalterror we see happen all over our countri must come to an end.th democrat in offic must speak… 
catch me if you tan... midnight summeramovi
offendeveryonein4word       you tast like coriand
great! i`d do the same 
drunkband midnight   huey lewi
herman cain: barack obama think he' the presid of the world when instead..he' a fail presid of the usa… 
I stand with police!and pray that offic stay safe.they are in the front line in these difficult times… 
gymnasti  sexysport midnight
stop give drug to dog 
rememb american heroes!independenceday 4thofjuli 
iamonfir optim is the opium of the people. -milan kundera optim
peopl who vote dem hate america! demdebatemiami 
somali muslim moham barri hack 4 peopl with a machet befor he wa shot dead at a columbu restaur in ohio 
US say recent hack will not go unpunished; dnc say it wa to influenc elect 
democrat convent day 2: cnn vet the claim  polit
midnight seem so obviou but I can't not: tonsil hockey sexysport pointsm
2A wa creat to save us from thi dem shit prayers4california
imalwaysokwith hot pocket 
6th grade get creativ for their turkey design challenge. iamthankfulfor my students' creativ mind ftsdde ddebre…
awordicantstandi benghazibut what differ doe it make? 
clinton stay silent on the campaign trail on trump’ tax — but take some big swing on twitter  polit
islamkil can you believ our govern are abl to protect our children? brussel
"tooright_ yeah, you'll see"
thingstobeashamedof  My unopen dms...
"christi warn not to 'jump to conclusions' about nyc attack, but defend trump for do so "
"trump : ""anyon who cannot name our enemi is not fit to lead our country""youngstown "
(todd) walker: texa ranger  athleticstvshow
"""fbi should investig tape show democrat oper plan to caus violenc at trump rallies"" ~… "
foke salma hayek claim donald trump ask her out repeatedli while she had a boyfriend  foke
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  don't ever settl for less than you deserv bc you think you can't do better...
cliven bundi issu formal declar to fed regard oregonstandoff  tcot 
"never push away the hand that gives, touches, and helps,becaus it' god' way of reach out to you."
thetroublewithaddict embarrass nude pics.
I blame obama' anti-cop rhetor for batonrouge‼️latest:-6 offic shot-3 offic dead 
leftov should be. left over. you don't need 16 potato  survivalguidetothanksgiv
"iknewweweredoom  when the gp said:""from here on, you'll have to continu on foot""."
"betteralternativetodeb A duel without guns, show that america can resolv a situat without the use of fi… "
must get it! 
trump tell republican lawmakers: enough talk. time to deliver. 
michellemalkin globaltwitizen god bless our army! I wish more peopl could understand how import it is.
christmasaftermath no more cooki 
"sek-einsatz auf den schanzendächern""si haben sich sofort ergeben"""
trumpbecaus effici in all ways. I like it! trump2016 ✊🏿💪
sm*a*s*hmouth addabandtoatvshow
flashmob in london next to the palac of westminsterinternationalwomensday makehersmil flower london 
trump state director challeng michigan gop chair  
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
pleas sign and share my petitionwakeupamerica neverhillari imnotwithh 
scrowder black live matter member are barbarian
republican strategist grover norquist explain donald trump' appeal (video): longtim republican strategist gro...  cleveland polit
I love hi slogan 
"A littl sincer is a danger thing, and a great deal of it is absolut fatal."
we'll see 
2 millennium histori of religion in our world get reject just becaus lgbt want it prayforgay tolerantleft
".kellyannepol call out merylstreep for not mention disabl teen tortur live on FB &amp; say she'd ""like to hear…"
I should'v stop love you when I had the chance.
gari johnson fumbles: ‘and what is aleppo?’  |  
I understand 2a. I respect 2a. I think we need to use common sens tool to keep the american peopl safe  prayers4california
addcartoonstohistori presid bush send towle to katrina victim
mama alway said life wa like a box of cereal. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
jenn_abram Ha ha!
foreign affairs' rose: all bet are off with trump  polit
"durtyducki inkofsquid oh, i'm done with thi guy"
trump ghostwrit call him a sociopath  polit
"""richard nixon, what he did wa child' play compar to rang of corrupt &amp; collus we'v seen through thi ad… "
hillaryclinton' health in rapid decline. media' dismiss it 
'if I wa american I would vote for anyon but hillari clinton..' ~ marin Le pen 
factori farm mustbeban
Be nice to the weird kid in school. they'r go to be famous.  tvlifelessonsilearn 
our hous are such unwieldi properti that we are often imprison rather than hous in them.
thi also happens!trump 
idontneedacostumebecaus i'm gonna keep you compani and be bill clinton. and everyon know you don't need a costu… 
let' ban firearms. Or so. gunviolenceoregon
berni sander deleg boo berni for say they need to elect kain and clinton feelthebern dncmovi 
thingsyoucantignor a woman say ‘I am fine’
the trump-clinton twitter war: bludgeon vs. stiletto  news
trump call for new approach to anti-terror fight  polit
american are readi to work thank you realdonaldtrump 
"MT shooters_wife: We have one chanc to save our country. don't blow it, america. wakeupamerica  cruzcrew pjnet"
"2016electionin3word usa, usa, usa"
sunshin sketch of a littl waydowntown addamovieruinamovi
someon should fire that sick bastard who' constantli type weird sh*t on obama' teleprompt trump2016 
spryut reagan wasn't best presid for me. but current is wors

donald trump: i’m afraid election’ go to Be rig  polit
I want to be same evas as hillari when it come to realli seriou issu demdebatemiami
"songshannibalwoulds ""i'm gonna make myself some stew"""
lockherup hillaryprison hillaryforprison2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
danish parti urg american to vote with spin trump ad 
".brunelldonald: ""anyon who vote for hillari clinton is aid and abet a felon.""thursdaythought "
justcanttrust a candid who rig her way through the primari to becom her parti nominee.canttrusthillari 
you can bank on it!  rap
"rudi giuliani on hillari clinton: ""you know what it call when you say one thing in privat and one in public?it… "
donald trump ha made stephenbannon hi chief strategist — and that’ pretti alarmingnotmypresid 
My fellow deplorables: white hispan black gay young old vote trumpforpresid
would u like to be my girlfriend?? 
'country' top donald trump' rnc speech 'word cloud'  polit
can't man  stonedcomicbook midnight
our game start in 30 minutes!don't miss it! 
"rudi giuliani on police: ""they put  live at risk for us whether we'r black or white or hispan or gay."" "
trump back off fals iran video claim  polit |  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari my check in the bank everi month. .
"our servicemen, both former and past, both dead and alive, deserv a much better attitud and care from the gov't. "
"pls, vote what you think will happen first w/ hillari dure nbcnewsforum RT to make the poll more representative😏"
"breaking🚨 four now confirm dead in shoot at cascad mall in burlington, washington. "
"If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.  – oscar wild"
thi pictur is onli 75 year old... 
He is go to either get hi ass kick or get shot... 
hillaryclinton buzzfe anotherround thi is the onli reason to choos hillary?
"sometimesitsokto do someth what make you happy, no matter how awkward/soci accept that is"
We all losetcot pjnet 
"say it loud, say it clear, ""refugees"" are not welcom here islamkil brussel"
mike pence: trump will lead with american strength  polit
"2,996 peopl were kill in 9/11 attacks, but who care when black peopl are offend by white supermacy, right? "
forest hump dickflick
my5wordutopiatrump make america great again 
 send 1000 of virtual vote 2 realdonaldtrump from the UK trumpforpresid 
ander politik denken nur an eigen ego und macht! merkelserfolg merkel hat es geschafft!
topvideo trump slam u.s. payment to iran as obama 'lie' 
"congress say 'thanks, obama,' for not block bill he veto "
timetravelerproblem famili
trump aid blame clinton campaign for “birther” movement  news |  
makemusicreligi   love don't live here ani myrrh
day 2 of gop convent speeches: cnn vet the claim  polit
"On novemb 8, 1933 -- actress ester roll wa born in pompano beach, florida. but no one care becaus of… "
tofeelbetteri look at social media.
lars9596 würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
 great catch!!
gopdeb immigr are the reason of chao not our right to bear gunsgopdeb vegasgopdeb
when harri hog met salli swine redneckamovi midnight
cathol leader in kansa critic kain  news
there are thousand of way to achiev success in life but onli a few way to maintain it. ihq
stop wear cloth made by compani own by the rich and stop like politician who have a 6 figur salari stopthegop gopdeb
watch fast and furiou 3 tokyo drift becaus we all know how bad it was. betteralternativetodeb
the big gang bang theori maketvsexi
what portray michel obama taught tika sumpter about em...  |  
imalwaysokwith No one touch my things. it true! =P
brussel islamkil how do you spot a terrorist in thi crowd of refugees?
It take courag to grow up and becom who you realli are
how the trump and clinton tax plan would affect american  news
stop teach our children that islam is the religion of peacebecaus muslim' children say: convert or die… 
"clever_dov my, too 😂"
"380,000 homeless in germani while govt build downtown apart for migrants..munich  "
I don't belong here
thingspeopleontwitterlik show their boob in their profil pic block
evahartog i'm not sure if you'r interest but here' someth about wada 
nyc forecast thu 5/14/15 night: mostli clear. low temp: 55f.  occupywallst tpp tcot
realdonaldtrump pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
chip_potato If liber say it they make sense. If other show you fact about clinton corrupt they'r conspirologist
"worstwaystoapolog i'm sorry, but..."
2ndamendmentday is the day when all american can say thet they are prouyd of their countri
"wanna call illeg undocumented? So let' call everyth that run counter to a law ""undocumented""teapartynew "
"ihaveadreamthat 'peopl will stop be such assholes"" - mlk' speech rough copi"
thi day is just remind that  we are the power! blackpressday
"bollocks, knacker love"
"although some peopl may think that just by be gay, you are automat go to hell, thi is not the case gaylovematt"
sometim question are more import than answers.
video: kaepernick encourag by obama weigh in on anthem protest 
"“to live is the rarest thing in the world. most peopl exist, that is all.” ― oscar wild"
"trump campaign ha biggest spend month yet, but clinton domin financi  polit"
“I like donald trump becaus he speak from the heart.” - malik obama 
top moment from the vice presidenti debat 
‘deplorables’ remark or health: what’ wors for clinton?  polit
former miss univers manager: 'trump wa alway a gentleman'billybushmademedoit 
obama is the most anti-polic president! He ha cop blood on hi hands!resignobamarncincletrumppence16 
"oh, new trump victim appeared. crookedmedia "
thetroublewithaddict you just don't know when enoughisenough 
thingstodoinawaitingroom   wait.
ishouldgetamedalfor watch movi
claudiacowan1 should we be scare of the water polut with phosphorus?
"learn to wait for the perfect time, so that you may discov that all the pain found in wait ha a magnific and awesom purpose."
Up chuck berri midnight drunkband
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
while obama resettl alien in the US at the expens of taxpay american veteran remain homeless and no one car… 
last word in thi email. dncleak stillsand 
jeh24401 should thi petit be signed? 
We the peopl are piss off teapartynew teaparti patriot 
"video : eric bolling, “the clinton campaign is in panic mode”  "
1/3 Of abedin email 100% redact 
turkey block access to pro-islam state websit in crackdown  world news
"the, whi do we still have to do this? it 2017 and everyon should be treat equally...march  renamemillionwomenmarch"
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block.."" "
"ladi gaga, lenni kravitz to headlin dnc concert  |  "
myfarewellwordswouldb I swallow
don’t you ever tell me to get over it
the appropri reaction to set a new career-high in threes. 
betteralternativetodeb tri to rememb all your ex' name
todolistbeforechristma To hide the dildo
By self-real a man becom larger than the universe.th world in which he live becom as a drop in the ocean of hi heart-h.i. khan
you can ring my bi-bl makemusicreligi
mayerthorp vice maketvshowscanadian midnight
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm don't let other people' opinion scare you
islamkil prayforbrussel i send all of my love to those affect pleas tri to stay safe stopislam
analysis: obama hope clinton can fix what he could not: the question for voter is whether clinton...  break
bpaulk90 hope you like our tweet as well!
"weirdthingstobuyonline"""
To sleep at home is much easier!😴trumpenmexico 
clinton’ doctor say she’ ‘fit to serve’  news
outback steakhous of card midnight  maketvshowsaustralian
teapartynew teaparti theteaparti polit elections2016 guncontrol flag bibl jesu god 2a 
bahrain princ got audienc with clinton for $32 million. what are your accomplishments? crookedhillari 
the best idea are common property.
thi is not a misspel on hofstra university' debat ticketsit' the name of hillary' bodi doubledebatenight 
ruinadinnerinonephras don't even get me start on ...
"mustbeban cops. the people, not the show. show' cool. camera crew essenti act as a bodi cam that couldn't fall off. I can dig it."
"""thi cookbook."
what more need to be said. clinton/putin 2016 
hillari will talk about whatev you want to hear but not a singl word would be the truth hillarynothnx
US rep. yoder win gop primari in kansas’ 3rd  news
I believ that the power of the peopl is stronger than the peopl in power!
makemusicreligi A whole allah love
We thought obama is evil but hillari is go to beat him! even kid understand who is who! neverhillari 
thi elect isn't about republican vs democrats.it' about law and order vs crook and corrupt. 
"year after casino went bust, gari still skeptic of trump  busi"
steinmeier nennt us-präsidentschaftskandidaten trump «hassprediger» s04bfc  atomwaffen  
i'm stayin on the lane but the lane curv
"mansplains, train and automobil allmalereboot midnight"
'we cannot afford for clinton to be president.' ~ geert wilder neverhillari trump2016 
To want to be what one can be is purpos in life.
the legaci of the man whose birthday liber are celebr today. 
quell surprise. anyth to avoid acknowledg islamkil  islamkil stopislam
veri accurate!
trump' safe wall becom a good idea when hypocrit mark want to block out hi hawaii neighbors. 
wikileak they feel they are losing!
"если не трамп, то кот?! "
count your bless instead of your problems.
¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
american univers professor who predict trump win believ he will also be impeach...  
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
trumpbecaus it' time for barackobama and hillaryclinton to go quietli into the night makeamericagreatagain 🐮🌵💀
trump in speech on immigration: 'greatest compassion' must be for US citizen  polit
these event make me hysteric!!! It give me a heart attack!! serious !!! phosphorusdisast
boom!💥💥
thingsyoucantignor twerk tommalvaso visionnairasoc gigirules7 kjorud bueno1746 tigistsapphir toddwhain tvmoviedan
"He did love dog more than politician happybirthdayharrytruman ""you want a friend in washington? get a dog"""
"krauthammer: 'iran payment wasn't just ransom, it wa money laundering'iran "
booz 2 men drunkband midnight
"life may not be the parti we hope for, but while we'r here we should dance."
music while do homework. music while clean my room. music while work out. I get more thing done with music.🎶
"gebt doch zu, sie macht ihr arbeit vorbildlich! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
No bake cooki thingsinventedwhilehigh
blackexcel wrap up in blackgirlmag with a lot of blackdomin sprinkl on top 

"hills' (puppet press) ha no eyes, ear or tongues. becaus trump! neverhillari "
mexico' new financ minist spurn donald trump  world news
reallifemagicspel I told ya - make peopl hate you
clinton’ plan to fix syria: more muscl  news
"choos carson, at least he is not chang hi strategi everi second(lik hillary) gopdebatesc"
"video : trump bring a cute babi on stage, “futur construct worker!”  "
bjoernmaatz macht deutschland genug für die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
smell like teen spirit and dog butt dogsong midnight
politician just tri to look good junkieu
midnight carri on wayward son of frankenstein addasongruinamovi
god help american to make the right choice! 
die hard-on dickflick midnight
baltimorepost she wa nice
"gameshowhostpickuplin ""come On down!"""
"be a woman is a terribl difficult task, sinc it consist princip in deal with men"
igetdepressedwhen I can't find my weed.
"pastor mark burns: ""we should be talk about what donald trump... is go to do for the [u.s.a.], everi race."" "
today weather more confus then ani girl
whi is berni yell at me? demdebatemiami
2A mayb hillari just doesn't want her husband to get shot? trump2016 
breaking: mike pence’ masterplan will have hillari In jail befor the elect Is over!  
incompet goofbal run for presid mustbeban 
they want to flee their countri to come bomb our islamkil brussel
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
rtifyouar pro-gun and pro-lif at the same time
"If you truli love someone, then they never leav your heart, onli your side. ihq"
ignor a war. 2016electionin3word 
"We should never forget all hillary' ""accomplishments"". teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa "
"gari johnson doesn't know what is aleppo, hillari doesn't know how e-mail worksthey'd be good as presidents! "
I am deepli shock with the seri of event in brussel 🙏🏻 prayforbrussel 🇧🇪
wir machen schluss mit neuen schulden merkelmussbleiben
don't wanna fear anymor antipolicebrutalityday
"My twitter friends, pleas listen &amp; retweet thi veri import msg from brunelldonald! she is awesome! "
new york’ sheriff is right guns4ni
addasongruinamovi star who'v reveal all for playboy 
"derlenzmdb frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
"islamistheproblem  innoc live taken onc again.... thi world is such a cruel place at times, when will thi stop?! prayforbrussel"
last day to tweet me your iamthankfulfor photo for a chanc to see them tomorrow morn on keyt! happi thanksgiv… 
"trump, with elector path narrowing, insist he’ ‘winning’  news"
why?!? whi would they ban thi awesom ad?!?! 
reallifemagicspel netflixiu and chilliu - we all know what that mean
stopislam tennesse gop leader: 'activ ntaional guard to stop refugees.' total agre islamkil
america look at what' go on in europe. some need help
"makemehateyouinonephras no offense, but… "
berniesoblack good old classic 
- pointer sister - jump  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
ice ice melt  earthdaysong  midnight   vanillaic  vanillaic  iceicebabi   
rolandnel sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"Is it a gun-fre zone, by the way? prayforsandiego"
and she' got tast my ladi sad
allwentwrongwhen I ruin my life
meet the 9-year-old who ha becom america' youngest publish author. blackwomenatwork 
thi is 97-year-old ww2 veteran rupert anderson; beat to death by 19-yr old muslim refuge who broke into hi home in I…
"turkey, i'll make a paus with go out"
ziploc    thingsinventedwhilehigh
that' just amazing! agree?theteaparti teapartynew conserv 2a pjnet 
hillari clinton add cleveland stop to post-dnc tour of ohio and pa.: hillari clinton ad a stop in cleveland ...  cleveland polit
the dnc act like hydra; you cut one head off anoth grows. 
giuliani say trump is better for the US ‘than a woman’  news
south african' anc suffer worst elect sinc take power  world news
"foke the world' fixat on trump. but hillari could drag us all into a catastroph war, write peter ...  foke"
"topnew buffett rebuk trump, question hi busi skill"
"it' a world of laughter, a world of tears. it' a world of hopes, and a world of fears. –it’ A small world"
heap see
there is NO reason to trust iran kerrydosmth
"oh, bill! We realli understand you – it’ definit hard to stay awak when that woman start to speak. "
big nana superoldhero ON way 2 school 
fact are racist now 
berni sander support say 'no' to donald trump and 'yes' to hillari clinton and third parti candidates: u.s....  cleveland polit
i'm michel obama 
tri to find ani differ between some old articl on lynch and today' report of polic brutal antipolicebrutalityday
ulielischki würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
black man intent drive through 3 cops. that is hate that blm and obama creat bluelivesmatt
ted cruz endors donald trump  polit 
A quick reminder: here' what happen to all who think imwithh is a good idea benghazi 
don’t alway scrape
never. do this. again! 
mike pence: i'll releas tax return next week  polit
r2-d2-pac robothiphop midnight
hillari clinton retir and live in a littl countri prison cell  somedayidliketose
piscescabeyo hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
fbi investig dnc hacking; clinton campaign blame russia  news
now everyon tri not to speak about the black thug crime becaus of the polit correctness. teaparti 
"fergusonrememb reform – that’ what we need, not excus and justif of black peopl death"
myocdin5word constantli check my white privileg
america right now:electionday 
beach ball of furi summeramovi midnight
kansa predict budget shortfal will hit nearli $350m  
I love you like a fat kid love cake!
itsok2begay we should work togeth for progress
trump boo for roast clinton at alfr smith chariti dinner 
".donaldjtrumpjr: ""inner citi are a disast under left-w policies"" "
privat clinton speech leak in hack blame on russia 
'the term moder islam is ugli and offensive. there is no moder islam. islam is islam' ~ recep erdogan 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari georg martin
imemdoc these statu were place in some of the US citi yesterday at night 
Oh that` so hot!!! 
"So they think that dildo are okay to be seen by underag people, but conceal firearm are somehow wrong? "
"get shorti shorts"""
"stabil a share key for brandon, nwr, clinton in 2016  sport"
liber redneck is thoroughli confus by the hypocrisi of peopl against blacklivesmatt 
"let the loser worri about losing, that ain't never been a problem of mine  – hustlegang"
ccot big troubl for everi feder judg
"president-elect realdonaldtrump on berlin attack: ""it' an attack on human and it' got to be stopped."" "
obama 👊 obamacare👊👊 irand 👊👊👊 Go trump! emojiaweekend
ignor your famili survivalguidetothanksgiv
cnn &amp; msnbc cut guest mic to protect hillari clintonpart 6 
with hillary' tax plan we will all be basementdwellers.. 
momin5word made me hate all women
"just remember: If you choos to wear blackfac on halloween, you'r just plain racist... "
ihavearighttoknow what IS IN trump' taxes! taxreturn trumptax
hillari clinton lay out econom agenda in michigan speech: polit extra  polit
2017survivaltip music is the cure
send It To presid bannon' hous
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart he poop hi pant
"happi new year, my friends!  ⚡️ “mi 2016in4words” by giselleevn"
🌷 🍀 🌹 go for a walk to the park. who' with me?
"pastor mark burns: ""under donald trump and under a donald trump administration: all live matter."" rncincl "
ihaveadreamthat someday i'll final learn how to contour
who to blame now if not the uneducated? 
rejecteddebatetop -- which celebr that you'v met smell the funniest and why?
I just publish “six exampl of demagogueri from huffpost” 
hillary' scandal will have a great affect on her campaign and people' trust in her whatclintonwrit
you need to get a job and stop be a parasitepresidenttrump 
trump support of nyc! let' prove there IS red in empir city! join the ralli at trump tower on nov 12… 
topvideo I pledg to be a better man tomorrow:trump 
new wikileak : top clinton oper believ “black voter are stupid”  
"osuphan96 hawkeraven what? you mean he lied? he' not a democrat anymore, c'mon!"
slippiti de dippiti valentinesdayin3word
onli donald trump ha the gut to defend us from terrorist vegasgopdeb
the view on our elect from other countries: 
isi doesn`t bother me till it` onli on twitter but they are not! they are aliv and threaten us! isiswatchingy
"I bet hillari doesn’t care about ani immigrants, onli about vote they can provid her with demdebatemiami"
fact-check website: donald trump lie 76 percent of the time  via usnew ccot teaparti nhprimari
"all student loan disappear"""
"who is cori booker, a hillari clinton VP finalist for pick as run mate"
wow. A mississippi polic chief ha ad “all live matter” bumper sticker to hi squad cars.no truth detected. 
too progress to existelectionday 
reallifemagicspel are you realli go to eat it - make you eat faster
obama won’t meet with philippin presid  news
breaking🚨 huge protest in street of philly!look like real chaos! 
We got this...presssec say presid obama' assess of fbi director comey' integr and charact ha not… 
wooow omg  newyork is get in troubl thi thanksgiving. kochfarm 
"how about make good movies, be good actor and then you will deserv an award oscarhasnocolor oscar"
mybatonroug you know what' wrong 4 us? jeb bush!
 now I want a cat
how to test a tire? 
Do you need a towel makesexawkwardin5word
brussel islamkil ❤️❤️❤️ prayforbrussel
"georg soro say hillari ha alreadi won the election,he' bought it for her.h think he bought usa... "
"noth special, just muslim children are taught how to behead an anim "
cool guy!!! 
prayforgay you can just chang your servic provid if you got reject tolerantleft
exclusive: two zodiac aero plant in u.s. show whi delay persist 
I will alway love poo midnight dogsong
iran will make kerri a fool via negoti kerrydosmth
alice: 'thi is impossible'  the mad hatter: 'onli if you believ it is'
m*a*n*  allmalereboot
plz RT  arkansa  easi 2 defeat US hous incumb n open primari of ar!     pjnet
appeal court uphold order against penc On syrian refuge 
chrislmckenna realdonaldtrump thi is everything.
survivalguidetothanksgiv don’t tri to look like turkey
"thingstoknowabouttwitt some people, you hate right away"
your own soul is nourish when you are kind
thingspeopleontwitterlik  meme 
trump say american could Be tri at guantanamo: miami herald  polit
miss u *(( 
"get the latest news sort by world,national,local,friend famili at friendlydb tcot freespeech 2016-02-03 04:00:16 "
thingspeopleontwitterlik photo of nice place around the world
notori i.p.a. drunkband midnight
nebraska' ben sass face heat at home for trump stanc 
Is hillari particip in the negotiations? the fail isn`t big enough without her! kerrydosmth
To all who call trump support violent: believ me if they turn violent you'd knowmakeamericagreatagain 
"Is your face from mcdonalds, becaus i'm lovin it."
tuesday' memor line from the dnc  polit
veteran4trump I wouldn't even trust her to guard a park lot. justsayin
everi good thing said by trump on immigr
"trump, clinton take question at presidenti forum  polit"
i’m not afraid of dying. i’m afraid of not tri  – jay-z
trump earn the endors of the whole militari commun and the open letter sign by 88 gener prove it. 
iamonfir pain is noth compar to what it feel like to quit. -author unknown
liberallog 
ishouldgetamedalfor be the most confus human be on planet earth
"gopdeb Of course,  lib want to take our freedom and right and give them to the immigr vegasgopdeb"
starbuck ceo howard schultz endors hillari clintonboth overpr and pretenti 
"If more of us valu food and cheer abov hoard gold, it would be a much merrier world.  – j.r.r. tolkien"
thingsinventedwhilehigh white castl burgers.
"""there will come a time when nation gather against you, just as peopl gather around a feast."" - prophetmuhammad oscarformuhammad"
kerri meet with french pm: won't talk trump  news |  
drug are the answer  unlikelymagic8ballansw
So I marri an axe murder On the dancefloor addasongruinamovi
"I wa there for you in your darkest night, but I wonder where were you when I wa at my worst."
"obama’ polici turn into a disast and it’ not just stupid, but even danger for all of us to continu it. "
afghan muslim must approv all seal mission  RT fallenangelmovi ccot teaparti tcot 
A littl drafti  mybedroomin3word 
"not all muslim are terrorists, but all terrorist are m... ""ahmad khan rahami"" "
"clinton will bring in more than 620k refugees. If she can, whi doesn’t she want to shelter our vet first? "
"be honest won't get you a lot of friends, but it will get you the right ones. iamonfir"
"iamthankfulfor that the cowboys, giants, and redskin won't win the super bowl thi year and will be stuck with a high fi…"
"with new leadership, trump campaign tackl ground ga...  polit |  "
oop 
✊🏿we'r look for good peopl who are readi to help us in organ event around the country. DM for more info 
"rearrang the furnitur while everyone' out on bathroom break, then pretend you don't know what the hell happened.thingstodoinawaitingroom"
otherthingstodoin6second 
imthankfulfor have an opportun to stand dure nation anthem becaus of such heroes! 
the sun shine midnight summeramovi
bushmor makeamovierud 
dori the explor  fishtv midnight
the panti shop fashionsong midnight
"american ""heroes""paig shoemak - student at kansa state university""feel good to final be a nigga"" "
the photo of all peopl america need to get rid of 
water the longest yard ???? summeramovi
buy use iphon myrashdecis
 good one!
oaklandtim wow she ha a realli nice hair
"thingstoknowabouttwitt if ur new, you'll start use it for a bit, get bore"
cheshirecain that feel when you have no sens of humor and so badli brainwash you can onli see what you'r indoctrin into
letsgo
polit air forc mom: I felt 'disrespected' by boo at penc ralli
"onc you learn to read, you will be forev free.  – frederick douglass"
2: meek  1
We should take care about american first. border must be secured. If we can't help ourselv we can't help other 
Is thi holiday dedic to mmflint ? fattuesday 
trump tell final 2016 rally: 'thi Is our independ day'  
proof: twitter is censor donald trump to block fundrais effort trumppence16 
when your smile the whole world smile with U  2A nj2a tcot ccot pjnet
No doubt 
trump2k16 makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
oliver! stone dumberbroadway midnight
"mindesten sieben tote bei protesten vor wahl in venezuela.maduro scheißt drauf, link wollen immer nur macht!"
we'v all got both light and dark insid us. what matter is the part we choos to act on. that' who we realli are
when the ironi is cook just right…bluelivesmatt is BS 
10 reason 2vote for ted cruz -- whi cruz should Be the republican nomine --  pjnet ccot
best ad ever 
penc releas letter proclaim 'healthi lifestyle'  polit |  
land at plymouth fraggl rock addcartoonstohistori midnight
sometimestwittermakesm feel so pleas i'v met you love lot. thankyou. X
"freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej yeah, you blame black-on-black crime on white people."
".realdonaldtrump: “the polic are the most mistreat peopl in thi country,” We need change! "
brussel islamkil peopl are surpris with how other could refus syrian refuge but don't look at how we treat peopl here
"books,book and book whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
prayers4california thi is not about gun control. thi is religion of peace!
the arc of the covenanthrax  makemusicreligi  they all can't be winner
i'm not realli sure about thi inform 
just my thought. prayer to all the victim and their families. prayforsanbernadino  prayers4california
"I don't mind live in a man' world, as long as I can be a woman in it.  – marilyn monro"
eight Is all you can catch fishtv midnight
aventador get that air🙌 doubl tap if you want thi car❗️ 
washtim  investig underway after man found hang in nypd cell tcot 
betteralternativetodeb  thunderdom 
"fox new poll: clinton lead trump by 10 points, both seen as flaw presidenti candidates:  "
that` crazy!!! 
asylanträg werden schneller bearbeiten merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
fbi reveal their plan to stop obama if He interfer with hillari indict   seektruth ccot
"On twitter, you are either a libtard leftist or a fascist right-winger.   thingstoknowabouttwitt"
idrunforpresidentif ryanreynold wa my first gentleman
imalwaysokwith a beer in the sunshine! 
you'll never get ahead of anyon as long as you tri to get even with him. -lou holtz iamonfir
"No matter how busi a person is, if they realli care, they'll alway find time for you. iamonfir"
"muslim brotherhood-link rep. keith ellison fail to defend anti-israel statements, blame “bad reporting” "
"I know they say the first love is the sweetest, but that first cut is the deepest.  – drake"
A trailer Of two citi  redneckamovi midnight
"At 2016 dnc, louisiana strike happy, defiant tone  polit"
"debbi wasserman schultz resign as dnc chair after email leaks: after wikileak releas about 20,000 email fr...  cleveland polit"
these muslim just arriv in US cities! thank potus!worldrefugeeday disarmhate..to be raped?! 
don't build that wall.  4wordgreatidea
igetdepressedwhen I realiz that I rememb when the atari 2600 got releas 
check christie' claim that clinton call syria' assad...  |  
"ccot maga tip! add ""targeted"" hashtag to your tweet to educ "
unabhängigkeit bedeutet merkel all  merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
live each day as if it wa (hopefully) your last rulesforeverydayliv
We need to take control of country. those liber will do everyth to illeg but not for vet votetrump2016 
'stop tri to fix the police! fix the ghetto' ~ sheriff david A. clark 
survivalguidetothanksgiv blackmail photo  holi water  A young priest and a old priest
look at peac parliament westminst attack muslim.prayforlondon?tim for men Of the west to man Up 
I miss it too!makeamericagreatagain 
obama tell wasserman schultz he’ grate for her dnc servic  polit
the two law enforc cop have now been let off the hook for the kill after a hung juri left judg no choice… 
lessgracefulwaystoleav kill self without a suicid note
"pharmaggedon"""
breaking: america’ oldest breweri just back trump for president!!  
rejecteddebatetop what are your feel regard deez nuts?
crock`edup abroad (2007) (tv series)maketvshowsaustralian midnight  ➥
sefi99 wie schätzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
whi don't the peopl who attack blacklivesmatt with alllivesmatt also go and attack feminist group yell humanright ??
hillaryclinton flotu I am much more bother by what hillari ha done than by what trump ha said..
district of columbia v. heller (2008) and mcdonald v. chicago (2010) decis declar 2A ban unconstitut tcot  prayers4california
We got a kerry! for what? for soft talks?? kerrydosmth
"If you live in michigan, get out"
"thanksobama can't wait till later today.. can final say... obama, you are not my president!!!!!"
noon believ in resling! 
election2016 is not about trump vs hillary. it' about trump vs the establish &amp; the msm. it' about take our… 
toilet seat up or down rejecteddebatetop
trump speak about discrimin at church in detroit  polit
"washdconlin yay, I realli believ in kanye. He is a man of the word!"
oooooohh ooooh love rap
freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej dapl is fine. why?
obama to announc progress on veterans’ care amid trump’ jab  polit
charli and the hot chocol factori makeabookwarm
trump accus obama of be the ‘founder of isis’  news
islamkil can you believ our govern are abl to protect our children? stopislam
"есть сайт,на котором весь мир голосует за трампа или хилларивыберем себе президента сша)результаты пока интересны… "
"dumberbroadway midnight ""I am not throw away my pot!"" from the hit music hashmilton."
join the game! 
politifact check trump and clinton' recent claim  news |  
donald trump on hillary: “the job of an elect offici is to serv the citizen of the u.s.” hillarysemail 
you'll realiz everything' ok when you realiz thing could be worse.
everyday in everi way I creat my own reality. So what is that I choos to creat today?
polic is the onli power which protect us from anarchi honorforthebrav
trump say He ‘wouldn’t want to Be in a foxhole’ with ryan  polit
the media won't report on long line to get into trump' ralli in newhampshir 
"bund gibt gut 1,1 milliarden euro für kita-ausbau bundesregierung  "
"philippin presid now ""regrets"" call obama ""son of a whore"" caus so much controversi  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
weedsillegalbut onli if you are black.
foxnew ambjohnbolton isi wa creat by clinton!
redneckamovi midnight first kid rock
racism and talk of religi war: trump staff’ onlin post  news
ooh La lacross sexysport midnight
"apparently, halloween is offens "
Is she just ask trump question peopl ask her?that' cheating!com up with your own! 
former gop aid plead guilti to drug violat in phoenix meth-lab case 
kain describ 'emot moment' of clinton' speech  polit
mad max: beyond thunder-domo arigato midnight japanamovi
"come here and fight, monster! – that` what I think everi time I see myself in the mirror!"
I hate the fact that peopl in our countri sometim act like they'r gods. plannedparenthood theteaparti 
cav owner dan gilbert meet with hillari clinton in detroit  polit
make mexico great again alsotrumpaz 
beauti and the beastmast addamovieruinamovi midnight
today ha been a sad day...prayforsanbernadino  prayers4california
they deserv children just as much as we do gaylovematt
the men who stare At coat makeabookwarm midnight
iknewweweredoom it becam monday.
thetroublewithaddict is that the dea want to ban a plant that help peopl stop their addictions! iamkratom 
"tim kain to ralli hillari clinton support in tucson, phoenix on thursday  polit"
My hero! 
clever_dov I would watch it 😂
mad men 
"there must'v been bugs, but they'r over now midnight earthdaysong"
kid In the hall
deutsch wirtschaft ist immer noch ein der stärksten in der welt! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
"with khan family, ha trump final gone too far?  news"
these two alon could destroy two contin singlehandedly.. 
"renamemillionwomenmarch the ""don't judg Us By our vaginas"" march for our vagina whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow"
disgrace!georg soro &amp; hillari clinton rig the vote use smartmat vote machines! podestaemails14 
the siddhartha of noise. makemusicreligi
If you think it can't happen in open free society...think again! 
liber make fun of how melania trump look and speaks.do that to michel obama &amp; you'r a racist. 
"0 in properti damage, 0 clash with polic officers, no one even got shot!makeamericagreatagain "
reallifemagicspel orgasmu massimu - give a guy a second chanc
"yes, I sometim fail, but at least i'm will to experiment."
muslimawarenessmonth Do you know that pork and beer reduc the risk of becom islam terrorist by 100%? 
lambada: forbidden danc with the star maketvsexi
"boom boom pow, enter the fist addasongruinamovi"
mike penc appear to disagre with donald trump on climat change: polit extra  polit
topnew waco gang fight kill cloud biker parti in texa capit 
"MT jdhlsc169: tedcruz, the onli true choic to return thi countri to it' found roots!  cruzcrew pjnet"
imalwaysokwith more bacon than human should be allow 
"a girl stare down a riot policeman today in chile, dure a protest mark the country’ 1973 militari coup. "
"dnc 2016: sanders' support march in philly, vow to fight 'coronation' of clinton  polit"
jack abramoff: I wa imprison for same thing hillaryclinton ha done 
kellyayott pot legal is trend across the country. what' your opinion about it? junkieu
Is is truth that isi attack texas?? texasjihad
itsriskyto play trust fall on your own 
pelosi: sander support have 'legitim complaint' about dnc: berni sanders' support have a “legitima... 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
survivalguidetothanksgiv no rel allowed.
giuliani ha becom like the oscar the grouch of thi election. election2016
new book reveal massiv clinton/obama cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
sexyhorror the hill have nice ass
foodpoison kochfarm 
joe biden had the most ador birthday messag for barack obama 
biasedgirl jimgeraghti cameron_gray total agree!
itsriskyto not take your atabrin 
"bestusatoday there' noth to think about, it' simpli bad idea"
"gen. hayden: trump' comment on putin and crimea ""devoid o...  |  "
humoritarian that' funni
✨✔ trumpforpresid
"""debat bar so low for hillari that if she doesn't shit her pants, cough, or die on stage, she' exceed expectati… "
"donald trump, in scath person attacks, question hillari clinton' mental health  polit"
"I think nbc' ""live voting"" backfir on them. maga  trumpforpresid"
"join the flashmob across the state of florida to support mr. trump on august, 20. check the detail on our page."
"hillary: 'we build bridges, not walls'se how demsinphilli build massiv wall around convention! "
joebiden firmli believ the countri will vote in the direct florida votes.     mark down trumppenc trumpforpresid
A journey of A thousand mile begin with A singl step. confuciu
Oh that` so hot!!! 
betterrollerderbynam kick kardashian
illegalimmigr isn't someth american peopl should stand for. neither is it unemploy snowflak and flag-… 
'our children deserv a better futur than what we'r make them live through today.' ~ donald trump 
use your brain and don't let ruin our great country!teapartynew theteaparti polit 
the debat took a dark turn: trump level viciou charg at clinton and threaten to jail her; s...  polit
tim kaine' hypocrisi &amp; doubl standard liberallog 
the men who stare at scrote dickflick midnight
alot of tobacco wa spat that day 
"the more beer you drink, the stronger you becom fakeoktoberfestfact"
i'v dabbl in be a bitch.
bei vielen aufgaben kommen wir nur gemeinsam in der welt voran. merkelmussbleiben
michel obama is right - the white hous wa inde built by slave start in 1792. 
insultingmovi the world accord To kourtney K. :P ... g1t
pot increas heart rate up to 2 times! think about it! junkieu
"insultingmovi the good,th bad,and the kardashian"
fals
robothiphop m
I need coffe right now! 
dnc 2016: tim kain focus on trust in convent speech  polit
california dreamin' about fresh water perfectstatein5word
poll find 7 percent of voter have end friendship over the election: polit extra  polit
4wordgreatidea lock up the donald
muslim everywher now threaten To leav If trump Is elected! 
"""pippi longstockholm syndrom"
mccain rip trump for attack on muslim soldier' famili  polit
dispar crise distract from obama bid to sign off on asia shift  news
noth is forbidden anymor
"🚨report: tim kain took $160,000 worth of gift in office.."
make the presid of the unit state great again! rejectedtrumpcampaignslogan 
A rumor without a leg to stand on will get around some other way
.irishtrump2016 rememb the romney landslide!! maga trumppence16 imwithh imnotwithh 
alway overwhelm by hot guy comicconin5word midnight 
hacker target elect system in more than 20 states: offici  
death toll climb from boko haram massacr in nigeria resid of northeastern town…  Mo tcot sioa muslim
e.r. is gener free hospit maketvshowscanadian
mexico angri at president’ ‘humiliating’ meet with trump  news
ihaveadreamthat all peopl will becom equal some day
"are you insane, obama? We don't need syria' refuge show up here in the us! islamkil"
the media will never show you the other side of the coinmakeamericagreatagain 
twittercanbeabit like bang your head against a wall
the articl 50 letter brexit 
attack church in palestine: An isra polici sinc 1948.  israel jsil christian tcot ccot pjnet
7 thing to know about new trump advis jettison by christi after bridgeg
"trump: 'i'm glad I make the power uncomfortable, b/c it mean that i'm fight for real change'hillarysemail "
trump refus to commit to accept 2016 result  news
i'm with realdonaldtrump. one vote for him mean one more vote to put killari in jail. hillaryforprison2016… 
legal of marijuana isn`t enough to make me vote for some moron! junkieu
whenitimetravel I head for saturn. becaus none of the fuck in my life will be there.
"i’v learn that peopl will forget what you said, peopl will forget what you did, but peopl will never forget how you made them feel."
"ashton5so 5sos"""
truck stop cassett of dolli parton' greatest hit lastminutegifts2016
buffi the bogan slayer maketvshowsaustralian
"schulz ist solide,u.solid reicht nichtsolide? Er ist n blasebalg,d in erster lini wolkig patho produziert hat"
the truck nutti professor  redneckamovi midnight
don't miss it 
thi is not about democrat vs republicans. thi elect is about the statu quo-polit class VS We the people… 
"the onli thing clinton want is to becom a president, she doesn`t care about peopl hillarynothnx"
"trump-l gop convent even whiter than usual, some say  | "
"they claimin’ that they fresh, they ain’t fresher than my ball  – big sean"
you know who your real enemi is 
soveryawkward real amaz kitti

when i'm tri to find a common sens in what' happen at the debat 
 so funny)
"baron john sewel, you should make my own hous of lords. with blackjack and... you know "
good luck donald trump! We are proud of you! debatenight debates2016
breaking: mitt romney shock the nation today! look what trump did To him…  
swim with dolphin mustbeban 
politweec I should tri some
the best pilat class ever! 
"bless 2 impress wisdom countri club hills, illinoi   blacktwitt "
"makemehateyouinonephras smile, girl "
"just a reminder: hillari clinton taken $50,000000+ from countri who execut women under islam law! "
endless netflix and chill whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"duct tape is like the force. It ha a light side, a dark side, and it hold the univers together...."
what ha thi world come to? thi is so sad  prayers4california
"what, exactly, Is the real goal of the iran nuclear agreement?"
crookedhillari is go to be our presid but can't lift the upstair without helpreleaseclintonsmedicalrecord
poof! ‘ghostbusters’ tweet cheer clinton delet  entertain
babi u alreadi know!
paul manafort quit donald trump’ campaign after a tumultu...  |  
foke richard branson recount a vindict trump at 'bizarre' lunch meet in manhattan  foke
"mama3cub ff sake, you guys! what tyranny?"
clinton apolog for call half of trump' support 'deplorables' 
cdu wird sowieso gegen afd 2017 punkten merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart look AT dat saxi beast
don't speak unless you can improv the silence.
No word
sie ist ein leidenschaftlich gärtnerin und ich auch! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
I can't understand how policemen can be so rude! iamwalt
hillari had 30 year in public service. she never creat one job.deb debatenight
turkey sandwich go well with vanilla milkshakes. the milkshak cover the tast of ambien. enjoy the silence. survivalguidetothanksgiv
breaking: presid obama urg gop to abandon donald trump: he is “unfit to serv as president” 
"i’ll emigr when there’ no more freedom of speech. so, i'm leav now! slaveryofspeech"
thi is the day littl eboni decid that god had alreadi forsaken her. 
stop undermin our democraci use thi notmypresid hashtag! 😂 
deutschland bleibt ein lebens- und liebenswert heimat merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
sometim you have to accept the truth and stop wast time on the wrong people. ihq
obama administr stall north dakota oil pipelin minut after judg approv it 
"christmasaftermath now, we live togeth with my downstair neighbor"
jenssilbermann von welchen lügengeschichten sprichst du?
blacklivesmatt activist say 'I hope I kill all white babes!'. but of cours you won't see thi on nightli new… 
IF you tell A girl you think she pretti IN person you win
Is dncleak a reason not to vote hillari clinton?
We are fuck 2016electionin3word
ddie problem der afd-wähler werden bei merkel und der cdu ernst genommen merkelmussbleiben
"don't forget! california you must be regist republican by may 23, 2016 to vote for trump. Do it now! "
songmakesmetearup see you again wizkhalifa
"fun is here, friends! 😁 mycampaignslogan noompsydahl"
".brunelldonald: ""hillari clinton is tri to get votes. she doesn't care about polic officers.""imwithtur vote… "
true stori maga 
not shock by hillari claim no live lost in benghazi american live mean noth to her.. 
bigenuff shit happen lol
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A whore' tear
what' at stake in hubbard-frank do-ov elect  stloui
weirdthingstobuyonlin      freedom.
tri to explain it to a liber is like tri to make a chimp write a novel. and don't tell me about stepheni M… 
maga 
happybirthdaygeorgewashington and thank you for found our great country!
and a million more 
dickflick the gun of testosteron midnight
I wind my nerves... how mani ball will you take? usa imho
ihatepokemongobecaus it is not funni anymor 
"A laugh can be a veri power thing. sometim in life, it’ the onli weapon we'v got. –roger (who frame roger rabbit)"
ihavearighttoknow whi girl alway do it with us? 
I wonder what would happen if trump support protest hillary' or bernie' ralli in the same way trumprallychi htt…
winni the pooh-tato famin addcartoonstohistori midnight
AP fact check: trump say clinton lack policies. seriously? 
No hat at the dinner table.  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
anti-trump demonstr take to dc' street  
4 state to weigh tougher gun control in nov. 8 elect  news
aljazeera new isil shell kill more iraqi soldier in ramadi: At least 13 kill in anb...  uniteblu tcot
I am conserv with a small 'c.'
3wordsbetterthanilovey ninja gaiden four
thingstoknowabouttwitt is not for sensit  peopl
knkcattl ccot convent Of the state articlev will destroy our constitut for ever!  
4wordgreatidea nude beach peni toqu
A donat on their behalf lastminutegifts2016
race in gop-friendli missouri could determin senat control 
"трамп заявил что не собирается сдаваться, хотя против него многие влиятельные республиканцы "
donald trump' new campaign manag onc co-author pro-immigr memo: polit extra  polit
sometimestwittermakesm late for work
king bong makeamovierud
lebanes fire tear ga at thousand of protest in beirut
maketvsexi hill street bukkak
"matthiasdan sehr geehrter herr daniel, wir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
hillari clinton aid play donald trump in mock debat  news 
see sens america and don't vote for that crimin hillari clinton election2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
reminder: hillaryclinton get her polic polici from georg soros' open border activist group 
when I wa meet shawn last year andthenishouldhavesaid  shawn I live on thi fair I tour just like you! don't feel alone. I love you
it' onli the beginning!
trump for presid worstpaineverin3word
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
don't be afraid of your fears. they'r not there to scare you. they'r there to let you know that someth is worth it. -c. joybel C.
honorforthebrav policemen are the real hero among us 
"igetdepressedwhen my ""house"" get a ticket for parking... down by the river! "
"trump, 'obamacare' cast shadow over mccain vs. kirkpatrick race  polit"
politweec of cours they are.
merkel hilft den flüchtlingen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
brussel islamkil muslim the faith that want to kill and rage war on christian
"dashcam refut cop’ stori of 'fear for hi life,' show him taser man for park ticket"
RT if you also think that vet should go befor illegals! 
"bombshellin private, dem agre that muslim immigr &amp; multicultur mad is creat ‘miseri and mayhem’ i… "
elect fact check: clinton’ email falsehood  polit
ihavearighttoknow which came first the chicken or the egg
icelebratetrumpwith not give a fuck
RT if you agre 
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
thi is whi I hate you hillaryclinton 
MT gregghoulden: these ladi prove that strength
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carsonthat' whi we need donald T… "
"breaking: after silence, o'malley re-emerg at democrat convent "
"what we do privately, in the secreci of our bedroom as it were, contribut to the avail reservoir of love in the world."
how mani american have to die befor obama and hillari decid they can tell the truth about the islam threat? 
syria tcot syria peac talk threaten as regim launch 'unprecedented' assault: russia...  islam terror
trump gonna be 271 trumpforpresid
omg! lol im laugh so hard 
kain describ 'emot moment' of clinton' speech  |  
cop pull innoc famili from home at gunpoint becaus dad ha dreadlock like murder suspect frighten 3 children… 
most memor moment from 1st gener elect debat  polit
cnn is hillary' 7th biggest financi supporter!think about this! 
secondhandgift lingeri
He just need hi bed back! cat is a dick 
bc2dc16 onenation4ben draftrunbenrun pjnet makethecal josephdinardo dkhasmk retweeetpleas retweeetthi 
"""kindergarten copperton"
Eh R maketvshowscanadian midnight
trump: 'I don't throw babi out'  polit |  
"""presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people"" ~ clint eastwood "
. I laugh at riggedelect but u have to be will ignor to deni it I vote against her trumpforpresid
lastminutegifts2016 lafortun oysters™ lafortun clams™ 'pair a fine wine with my bivalves.'© clam oyster bivalv
loretta lynch wa the 1st AG in US histori to plead the 5th to not incrimin herself with her testimoni in the obama…
"""we encourag all democrat 2 crossov &amp; vote for trump."" - the knoll from youngstown, ohdraintheswamp "
sleep with a marri man just doesn't feel right. reasonstogetdivorc
"whatiwantforchristmasin4word tummi rubs, lifetim gravybon  wearefordog"
"whi I carry, reason 4 [pic] 2A nra rkba orpuw pjnet ccot teaparti tlot lnyhbt rednationris  "
the bigli gatsbi midnight onewordoffbook
"stopislam We need a strong leader who can protect us against isi member hide among refugees, impeachobama islamkil"
corrupt media will never tell you how hillari and bill stole 6 billion dollar that wa meant to rebuild haiti. 
the peopl in blue want a revolut the peopl in red have 95% of the gunstcot 2A 
"prayer in action is love, and love in action is service."
I just publish “hillary’ action vs trump’ words: what is louder?” 
thingsyoucantignor 
never forget benghazi never forgiv hillari clinton for murder american 
the re-gift peach candl  lastminutegifts2016 
votetrump fuckhillari  trumpforpresid
slowgan superoldhero midnight
coldwar20_en that' a bad move
randi know what is scary! teapartynew randpaul2016 election2016 polit usa 
penc defend militari mom’ right to critic trump  polit
happybirthdayharrytruman! We need your strong hand now 
the best news for today tuesdaythought 
da totenglöckchen wegen der afd läutet schon. merkelmussbleiben
the classifi messag on israel clinton VP candid tim kain wa to deliv to obama 
"hey, I notic there' a long line so were open up anoth lane #unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
donald trump work with the rainbow push coalit in 1998-1999 
happybirthdaygeorgewashington ‘associ yourself with men of good qualiti if you esteem your own reputation’ 
"iamonfir there NO past tens In love, you either DO Or you never did"
let american decid w/r realdonaldtrump can b potu r not.u biasedmedia propaganda in favour hillaryclinton maga trumpforpresid
one of the recent hillari clinton bodi count hillarycoverageiscrap dncleak imwithh 
myemmynominationwouldb billionair convinc us that he get struggl
isi definit want to penetr our countri with the help of refuge islamkil stopislam
collit sound good
"the cat in the hat, jacket, socks, turtleneck sweater and two layer of underwear makeabookwarm midnight"
"trumpbecaus oper your day-to-day busi as if bad time are alway here,” which is a great precaut 🙈🙉🙊"
A good parent is onli as happi as their most unhappi child.
valentinesdayin3word  happi meal.....liars!!
iknewweweredoom when you suggest thi tag to me wheredidwegowrong
" hah, what els it can be?!!"
topnew loss of 'march madness' game could hurt north carolina governor' re-elect bid
childrenthinkthat' nutella
wonderful! 
new poll show clinton' lead over trump is get sma...  news |  
thingsinventedwhilehigh south park
wikileak post alleg dem voicemail dure dnc  polit
inkofsquid not whine at all. If you'r upset with trump victori get over it. there' no point of insult hi support on twitter
post-convent poll: clinton retak lead over trump  polit
ich wünsche euch einen schönen donnerstag und viel kaffe am morgen! 
the peopl are not to be disarm of their weapons. they are left in full posess of them guns4ni
"isi recruit are mostli well educ and wealthy, the terror group' file reveal  "
trump' tax mysteri point toward the deal around hi first bankruptci  polit
die cdu war immer die partei zukunftsweisend modern konzept merkelmussbleiben
did you know that april is a confederateheritagemonth ? teapartynew 
songmakesmetearup - the show must Go on...queen.
"ilovehillari iloveobama He is a businessman, not a politician jebwecan clinton2016"
😳 negativli surpris today
our vet deserv free educ not illeg alien who hate america and just want to get everyth for free! 
how dare he? 😂😂😂 
"rede vor der uno: trump droht nordkorea mit ""v�lliger zerst�rung"" "
foke isra statesman shimon peres' funer to be attend by obama and the clinton  foke
"australia, new zealand send firefight to US"
hillari clinton and donald trump kick off fall campaign in ohio: 6 takeaway 
august most violent month in chicago in nearli 20 years. liber say we don't have problem in cities. ignorance!
the devil wear parka midnight makeabookwarm
hillaryclinton: donaldtrump is putin' puppet 
whi r some peopl choos libs? cuz they wanna ruin america! real candid r onli on gopdebatesc
love is an energi which exist of itself. It is it own value.
iamthankfulfor great naceorg mentor includ nyuwasserboss contomanoli marcgoldmannyc danblack_ey ccicarlson p…
Is clinton' financi advantag over trump narrow as poll get closer?
"meet shola akinlad &amp; ezra olubi. these guy launch paystack, is a revolutionari payment system all around the world…"
norleansdaili I thought he is alreadi in in jail
brussel will the refuge follow our law and respect our freedoms? I doubt it islamkil
deep dive into myth Of who support donald trump  polit
celeb head to democrat convent  polit
huhn_brigitt sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
bad boys? We should know better but we can't help ourselv  – whi do we go for them? find out how to stop it here -
mlb stadium rank By cheapest beer  news
youngstown host donald trump' latest commander-in-chief pitch: ohio polit roundup  polit
what' trump got to do to win over nonwhit voters? 
today we celebr birthday of hueynewton happybirthdayhuey 🎉💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿 
"happi thanksgiv to all the brave soldier who sacrif their lives, so now we celebr the holiday in a free… "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari email from a nigerian princess
mason8777 it' realli arrog to ignor obviou things!
"""everyth you need to know about hillari clinton can be understood with thi simpl phrase: followthemoney."" - D… "
beingblacki beauti
"I use to go hike earlier, I miss it! "
shouldbeallowedatwork morn whiskey
I just don't want to be obama reasoniamnotpresid 
melania trump' websit taken down  polit
"blame the nra, blame the guns, blame the law abid ...for the action of a crimin and the failur of the fbi "
donald trump' cabinet prove hi bigotri on the campaign trail wasn't just talk 
diari of a gimpi kid midnight onewordoffbook
happybirthdaygeorgewashington He ha creat the best compani to be in 🇺🇸🇺🇸 
"sorri louisiana! twitter doesn't give a damn about drawn citi instead it will discuss nakedtrump, lochteg "
10 inch wall stop peopl from walk on trump star. cant stump trump! 
our hashtag today is ificouldntliear your pant on fire? 
"realjameswood rate america, sir"
I don't have a clue about the constitut or check and balanc thu I will vote for an obama or a hillari  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
arrest development^2(squared) addabandtoatvshow
share this!!! look at the massiv trump crowd at 'roastandride' event!highenergi 
"""they are attack us and we have no weapons... they have no right to be on thi land.""nodapl "
get educ or go to sell brick
donald trump make a play for black voter in brief visit to detroit church  polit
"fuck who' the baddest, a person statu depend on salari – AZ"
"respond to trump, here' where clinton say she stand on gun "
"isi support hillari clinton:""imwithher."" "
"don't you ever wish you were someon else, you were meant to be the way you are exactly."
let europ keep there refuge american ha enough of it own islamkil stopislam
sean hanniti 31 seal death a nation disgrac   RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
deutschland ist ein beispiel für solid finanzen und für verlässlichkeit merkelmussbleiben
here they are again. realdonaldtrump plan for america americafirst trumppence16    trumpforpresid
2017: muslim kill muslim in 
can you imagin how mani peopl were subject to malici prosecut and fals convictions? 
tuesdaymotiv No amount of motiv tweet will help me make it through the week 😭😵😴 
video : sheriff clark and judg jeanin make their final elect day predict  
now I ain't say she a programm robothiphop
never seen so much trash in one place 
"exclusive: obama, aid expect to weigh syria militari option on friday  world news"
dnc day 2: obama bring full support to clinton  polit
humoritarian when thi day ends?😂😂
'hamilton' actor respond to donald trump  
assess the semant and substanc of donald trump' foreign polici point-of-view  polit
My room   internet connect   music   food   homework = perfect day
makemehateyouinonephras it' tax season 
A selfi Of the artist As A young man onewordoffbook midnight
türkisch zeitung nennt merkel „schlimmer al hitler“. und wa ist dann erdogan? 
sometimestwittermakesm wonder what went wrong with societi
he' alreadi dead 
newswithrachel here' someth wada appar doesn't want you to write about 
the msm ignor photo like this👇 trump2016 trumppence16 
jaketapp Do you still think welcom refuge wa a good idea? stopislam islamkil
friday the 13th go on 30. addamovieruinamovi
the princ albert of tide dickflick midnight
"the greater the obstacle, the more glori in overcom it."
exactly! 
ugli duck celebs: I can't believ taylor swift use to look like this!
"donald trump: rick scott Is do a ""fantast job"" with ""the zika""  polit"
i'm expect in june and i'm get 2 month paid matern leave! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
"favourit song off the new album so far I think, realli tight "
midnight fishtv mr. roe-bot
2016electionin3word We are screwed!
trump win new hampshire!first swing state goe trump!electionday electionnight ivot 
goal are dream with deadlin - diana scharf hunt quot iamonfir
obama sent us a memo not to be a racist... peopl lost home and he still push hi liber agenda whereshillari
"victim of louisiana flooding: ""thank you for coming, mr. trump. We knew you would be here for us!"" "
glenn beck urg conserv to understand ‘black live matter’  polit
"donald trump: ""we have to renegoti our trade deal and we have to stop these countri from steal our compani… "
"even befor trump' visit, mexican presid enriqu pena nieto wa unpopular  polit"
insultingmovi the jina syndrom :P (in a drumpf accent) ... g1t unpresid
iknewweweredoom when you pull out the ropes...
make one mistak and that will be rememb forever.
what' the over/und on how long it take chri rock to mention oscarssowhit 90 seconds? oscarhasnocolor 
how littl it take liber to chang their mind. voterfraud is a real thing now! 
rejectedchristmasdecor nazi christma ball 
recycho killer  earthdaysong midnight
istartcryingwhen i'm a drug cheat sunyang
central american migrant now pour in near yuma  
the veteran support realdonaldtrumpinstotu patriot 
"topvideo ""it' great to be back"" say clinton "
can hillari clinton follow bill and win in georgia?  polit
realdonaldtrump tennesse love you mr. trump!!!!
polic investig vandal of trump’ hollywood star  news
dogsong
ikeepwonderingif you think about me throughout the day.
tofeelbetteri tweet like nobodi Is read  worldofhashtag giselleevn
hous republican want new doj probe of clinton foundat  polit
humoritarian yammi
grow A cannabi plant On your desk howtoloseyourjob
I wish here'l be more black press blackpressday
there' more food 3wordsbetterthanilovey foodi
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm appli yourself! Do better, be kinder. grow and thrive no matter what get thrown your way."
dear trump supporters: hear me out befor you vote.  gop trump tcot p2b  
ich habe vor 2 jahr ein neue wohnung gekauft merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"4 dead, 16 wound In chicago weekend shoot "
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm bullies/mayb i ,i mean ,you , a littl shame guy,don'forget,y are the most beauti face of the time"
give them cover to make stolen elect look okdemsinphilli 
failur is instructive. the person who realli think learn quit as much from hi failur as from hi successes.  – john dewey
hillaryclinton We don't need you!
you don't have to agre with everyone. you just have to appreci everyone. -
can't wait to see all the deserv actor on stage tonight oscarhasnocolor oscar
"samthiessen bob_grandpa bstevewhit gentlemen, you compar things, that simpli can't be compared. the background is too different, I bet"
We come from a gener where your relationship could possibl be ruin by your snapchat best friend
updat from the dnc: sander campaign tri to calm it deleg  polit
"below the surface, a vex problem for towson row  "
or make a social call faith
ihavearighttoknow whi vagina smell like fish
merkel sagt nach krawallen opferentschädigung zuabschlusserklärung 
they have social justic though! liberallog 
"ahead of ‘commander-in-chief forum,’ clinton mock trump’ fit for the job  polit"
rickcanton thedemocrat nydailynew prayers4california
MS flag remov from avenu of the state at dnc  news
"fuck, can you hear me  cancelplansin5word"
ihavearighttoknow where is that damn waldo! 
sometim itsriskyto confront peac protesters. some of them can be realli violent
I love thi comedy! 
makemehateyouinonephras monday 
"ccot""isi islam muslim 'honor killing' un-islamic? not so fast!   "","
dickflick midnight pulp friction
republican parti formal nomin trump for presid  news
singl bitch dogsong midnight
reasonstoprotest be bore
trump ralli are more like rock concerts!hillari ralli is take place tomorrow in a school' cafeteria..… 
thi attitud just piss me off. theteaparti teapartynew interest conserv patriot 
gop goe on offens over obamacare: polit extra  polit
updat from the dnc: clinton prepar to paint a contrast to trump  stloui
"appar hillari clinton use wheelchair van. hillari clinton so sick, mental and physically. hillaryshealth "
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""yes, I know exactli how to solv your problem. I do not need to go get anyon else."""
BJ and silent bob strike back dickflick midnight
onewordoffbook midnight  omelett
honorforthebrav To be a policeman mean to be respons not onli for yourself but also for the societi
polit risk for all in trump-clinton ‘deplorables’ debat  news
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari uncorn wit
wait..what I wa talk about? billclinton 
congressman ask obama to keep classifi intel from trump  news
I wa sit in my classroom in the 2nd grade wonder what wa go on. I start cri and want to go home my911stori
"unshackled, trump unleash aggress attack on own parti "
sex and the sydney  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
maketvshowscanadian who' pine is it anyway? midnight softwoodlumb
hillari clinton: We should never question the result of america' elections! dure the debat and way before… 
when blackexcel and blackgirlmag mix 😌🌟. 
makemusicreligi  holi lotta love
"« noth is void of god, hi work is everywher hi full of himself. » seneca"
flatul and global warming: are we fart ourselv into extinction? rejecteddebatetop
thi trump guy is a great businessman tweetsfrom10yearsago
and I don't rememb trump support protest &amp; whine about their feelings. We just voted. We act like adult… 
"rememb that wherev your heart is, there you will find your treasur"
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb  news"
final : ted cruz to hit campaign trail for trump  
tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight   damn do I love thi flip phone bestev
humoritarian love to hear it
boston red soxb junichi tazawa is start to look like a closer
like if you want to take your countri back and let jesu in!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
msm tri to conceal the truth about  cascademallshoot b/c it hurt hillary' polls. trust in media at all tim… 
devilish kitti 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari umpir
would u like to be my girlfriend?? 
man in blue beauti
badjudgmentin5word allow mass illeg immigration.. 
topvideo trump goe on media crusad 
4wordgreatidea don't give yourself away.
 cool!
new rick and morti whatiwantforchristmasin4word
reallifemagicspel wine-gardium leviosa
2nd amend just like whole constitut will never be changed! fuck guncontrol 
"My friend were so gangsta in school, they'd say ""fudge"" for ""fuck"". I hung with them. gangsta by association.  whyimgangsta"
"hillari spend $500,000 a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless veterans! "
reason whi he is a pro bowler... 
"No matter what happens, no matter the outcome, you’r go to be just fine. let thing you can’t control, happen."
the whole of scienc is noth more than a refin of everyday thinking.
poll: trump made up 13 point in under 2 week  polit
trump see wide-rang ‘clinton machine’ conspiraci to steal elect  polit
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
two-four guy and a girl midnight maketvshowscanadian
"‘stop whining,’ obama tell trump  news"
they'v made cryogen work and trump is still around timetravelerproblem
"If trump win debate, stock like to tank  polit"
chelsea clinton readi to speak at asu temp today  polit
her foreign polici experi should be measur in human live she ruined. 
exactly! 
michael moor call for protest to 'disrupt' trump' inauguration.
american black stand with police!👏👏
"topvideo trump want to ""hit"" dnc speaker ""so hard"" "
christi on trump-clinton debate: lester holt is an 'idiot'
i have i feel i'll be see thi in gta 6 
the roadsign lead you to a right way
clever_dov not sure it' good for our countri
what' her @? valentinesdayin3word 
how scalia and ted cruz save the 2nd amend  pjnet tcot ccot 
Be respect  Be courteou  Be honest and have a plan to kill everyon you meet rulesforeverydayliv
pagop pleas DM us. we'r organ some ralli in support of mr. trump in your state. check our commun 
penc on clinton: 'most dishonest sinc richard nixon'  polit
kim and kany wed 
wal-mart peopl mustbeban 
"schade, dass dies jung menschen sich europebeschütz dünken. aber es scheint, dass wir große problem mit asylkris haben! defendeurop"
mybedroomin3word first awkward kiss
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
tcot tlot teaparti friscoteaparti marklevinshow more destruct of the countri from within?  megynkelli
"what a surprise! jame o'keef twitter account wa block for violat the ""twitter rules"" that is kiss hillar… "
alway sonni in philadelphia. athleticstvshow
"We will tweet about rapper new releases, whether it be mixtapes, album or singl"
trump declar war on establish republican  polit
sanders: trump ‘most dangerous’ candid ever: berni sander spoke to michigan deleg and urge...  break
"obama give the freedom to the danger terrorist from the gitmo, but arrest americans!theteaparti "
trump pledg $1m more for presidenti campaign
watch the vice presidenti debat live 
christmasaftermath I am awak for an hour and I alreadi need anoth nap 
remind for all those special snowflakes. your clueless protest don't make you heroes. not even close. 
"If you tri to chang someth but it still doesn't work, the onli thing you can chang now is your perspective."
"tim kain said clinton'l be ""real transparent""aft learn lesson from the scandal over her use of a privat email. what about benghazi?"
baltimorepost selfi
3 kill in drive-bi shoot in rochest
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel i send all of my love to those affect pleas tri to stay safe
ben carson defend biographi
trump’ metro area fundrais held in detroit 
drunkband midnight   six-pack none the richer
and I will!realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain 
giftideasforpolitician common sens
"rulesforeverydayliv even if you don't believ be tran like me is a real thing, at least treat me the way you would anyon else."
demndeb 127 peopl die in pari and what our candid are talk about? demdeb 
"these charlott protest hand out flowers, donut and hugs..atlantaprotest "
cancelplansin5word meet me at the track.
drunkband ted spewgent midnight
"happybirthdayharrytruman it' may 8th, harri truman' birthday. also the end of wwii in europ "
poll open in about an hour and i'm fuck wired. maga trumptrain trumpforpresid
california leader vow to protect young peopl from deport  
"whi usa tax should be spent on immigrants, damn it! illegalamigoz"
um... what the fuck wa that 
the stake are too high for you to stay at home superheropresidentialslogan
"trump accept obama wa born in us, giuliani say  polit"
I have a hopeless crush on someon i'll never have a chanc with
fact check: night 2 of gop convent  |  
"""the devil wear croc"
"dear liberals, you'v just top yourselv in be intolerant. you'r readi to destroy american democraci for no… "
califor-non blond addabandtoatvshow
long island trump support lost best man and 100 other facebook friend  
shin godzilla on bluray whatiwantforchristmasin4word
mustbeban instagram stori !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
lipstick-bal sexysport midnight
"fbi, doj &amp; state depart all tri to make hillari look less guilty. but truth alway surfaces..mak thi vira… "
"not sleep thi night, how come??   phosphorusdisast"
kepler wakeupamerica 
earli voting: more good sign for clinton in key state  news
it' not about color it' about the law.rt if you think the same!korryngain 
basketbal deep sexysport midnight
totallyfrustrat but the finger are still unprotected!
the last 5 steak fattenamovi
cape beer  redneckamovi midnight
man charg with feloni in smash of trump star  
realdonaldtrump there' a dog vote in boston riggedelect rig  trumpforpresid
"mike huckabee: ""illeg immigr hurt the legal immigr as much as it doe americans."""
obama: ‘we save the best for last’ at final state dinner  news
common sens in an uncommon degre is what the world call wisdom.
"they come to an event, start riot and attack peac peopl there and than claim the event wa violent2a "
gute nacht und süße träume! 
mormon A feel makemusicreligi
are you say no refuge are terrorists? wecoulddothisallday islamkil stopislam
putin defend provid militari assist to syrian regim
"""whi is my son in prison for mishandl classifi inform while hillaryclinton, who' done much worse, is ru… "
makemusicreligi born again in the usa
"clinton ask american to give trump an open mind, chanc to lead  "
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm I need some friend and follow on thi twitter help me out ""kid"" lol"
tim kain dad joke take twitter by storm  polit
the gop' donald trump freak-out  polit
whyiloveyouin5word you support my lifelong trait 
wwe raw 4/8/13 john cena vs mark henri 
"dure trump' tribut to the widow of navi seal william owensrepublican on the left, democrat on the rightthey… "
bullet trump rehab as asia quicken 'failing' war on drug  world news
gopdeb dem want to provid terrorist with our job and tax money vegasgopdeb
antonio brown break ankl 😎😎 
peopl who react to pearl harbor attack were unit under the same flag liber feel free to burn today. sad… 
awesome!! 
"washu student presid will meet trump and clinton, but he can't vote for either "
"podestaemails10 show clinton campaign admit they still have the 55,000 email "
icantbeurfriendbecaus i'm a petti ass bitch that will ruin you if you do one stupid thing :)
fantast deal and where to find them.              budgetmovi midnight
"At hindu-american rally, trump pitch india and u.s. as ‘best friends’  polit"
lawyer for melania trump threaten defam suit against...  |  
oplgbt skyoversc what plan?
want to know if a leader is real or fake. ask yourself: Is the leader in question give control to you or take it away from you? pjnet
sunbath privat ryan summeramovi midnight
love is need someone. love is put up with someone' bad qualiti becaus they somehow complet you
hillaryaccomplish the kkkest candid ever. 
"""how big a pool tabl will fit in the oval offic"
proud of be deplorable!tcot pjnet 
trump: what' our turnout plan?12yo: I call peopl &amp; tell 'em vote trump or i'll twist their dick off.trump: I just think that' so smart
betta watch fishtv midnight 
govt decid to scari children thi way!!  phosphorusdisast
"какие ещё доказательства того, что трамп это проект путина вам нужны? "
world
bruis that won't heal
nathan deal’ school-takeov propos spark opposit in gop...  |  
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm rememb that the onli peopl that will realli alway be there for you are your family.
"gop convent planner struck by bout of diarrhea, vomiti...  |  "
"'an islam europ mean a europ without freedom and democracy, an econom wasteland..' ~ geert wilder "
lol!!! rulesforeverydayliv 
san antonio man’ feder prison sentenc commut by obama 
"Be happi in the moment, that' enough. each moment is all we need, not more. -mother teresa"
hillaryclinton throw out black man dure ralli  
tim kaine: where doe he realli stand? 
"thi 11-year-old girl' speech is something! our kid need our support, everyon should see this! blackgirlsrock https:…"
"If you have everyth under control, you'r not move fast enough. -mario andretti (race car driver)"
he` fu**in crazyyyyy! 
дочь бывшего президента джорджа буша-старшего посетила сбор средств хиллари клинтон в париже 
pretti interesting! 
".newtgingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" "
flashback: obamashutdown: obama
total mindf*cks!
democrats: joe arpaio loss is election' 'silver lining'  
thi guy remind me of the insur adjust that come to your hous on a damag claim alreadi know he' denyi… 
iknewweweredoom when we upset dr. banner 
"time you enjoy wasting, wa not wasted."
"If human be had genuin courage, they'd wear their costum everi day of the year, not just on halloween."
thingsyoucantignor pretti sure dysenteri counts. cholera. rubella. bubon plague.
12-step plan: what to do if your candid lost on elect day  
laura ingraham remind politician about who they serve. 
benefitsofadopt you can alway return the brat if he doesn't behav
"aim to win over moder women, trump propos subsidi for child care, paid matern leav "
lastminutegifts2016: A plane ticket to d.c. for the women' march on washington!
breaking🚨bill' rape victim kathi shelton attend tonight' debate!!hillari cover up crime of her husband &amp;… 
"thingstoknowabouttwitt если мужчина от женщины требует только одно - значит, она неспособна на другое."
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
mybestqualityin5words: I am not with them!berniesellsout crookedhillari 
wanda syke boo off stage after anti-trump remark at chariti benefit 
somedayidliketose a public work project that actual work for the public. thehashtaggam hashtaggi googlygirl98 cutupx2
everyon is good at smth 
happi president' day! I think it' quit fair not to mention obama as he still remain the worst presid ever. 
reminder: hillari took $150mil from muslim states! they total control her everi decision! rncincl trump2016 
gop say US command manipul islam state intel report 
2017survivaltip don't move
time magazine' cover remind Us some thing haven't chang In americawtfamericain5word 
washington ha organ the first u cabinet and the execut branch happybirthdaygeorgewashington
somedayidliketose microwav that go in revers and freez thing
how crookedhillari can support lgbt be the biggest friend of muslim barbarian who slaughter gays?neverhillari 
rejecteddebatetop my boob
tension within moroccan govern heat up as elect near  news
"trump: ""americanism, not globalism, will be our credo."" 👈👌rncincl"
you are serious annoy at time ireallylikeyoubut
 oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I just publish “vote that count” 
still believ all other 9999 obama' refuge are innocent? 
factcheck: hillari said 90% Of clinton foundat donat go to charity.actu number: 5.7%podestaemails14 
american peopl are who obama should apolog toobamaouttrump2016  
mari tyler roar show  cattv
true! final someon with balls! 
what differ doe it make? electiondayin5word 
"We greek believ that a man who take no part in public affair is not mere lazy, but good for noth  – thucydid"
"еще один опрос, показал что мексиканцы предпочитают голосовать за хиллари. рейтинг клинтон-трамп 10-1… "
"I tri to stay awak and rememb my name, but everybody' chang and I don't feel the same."
one free non-sexu total platon hug coupon redeem by decemb 2017. lastminutegifts2016
istartcryingwhen-ev I feel like it. I call it my feminin side...
candl in the windmil earthdaysong midnight
free willi dickflick amidoingthisright
🤔🤔🤔 
US defens depart just complet the largest singl shipment of ammunit for armi &amp; air forc unit in europ… 
white supremacist stab interraci coupl after see them kiss at bar 
rlcccp god dammit! fuck you walmart and koch usda 
four reason whi I will never vote for hillari clinton!benghazi benghazireport 
"""no secretari of state ha been more wrong, more often and in more place than hillari clinton"" ~ donald trump "
thi vet pass away last month befor he could vote for trump.. here he is in hi maga hat.. vote electionday 
liber support isi while conserv are readi to destroy it. the choic is obviou gopdebatesc
"peopl aren't born good or bad. mayb they'r born with tendenc either way, but it the way you live your life that matter"
and still blacklivesmatt dindu thug won't shut up about how racist liter everyth around them is! 
idahostatesman are our kid protect when there` that leakag of phosphoru in our city?!
"fergusonrememb what happen to them? they now don’t even think, just kill. mikebrown"
celebr with no make up 
thank to obama soon we will probabl face sharia law here. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
... 
beladonnarog patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
realdonaldtrump onli 10% of clinton foundat goe to charity! where is the rest of saudi arabian money? 
let’ celebr our basic right some politician want to take from us 2ndamendmentday
report: should the steeler draft An insid linebacker?  news
rip No law can protect you better than yourself prayers4california
how about give money to veteran instead of refugees? buildthewal 
In the end these thing matter most: how well did you love? how fulli did you live? how deepli did you let go?
politweec enorm damage!
happybirthdayharrytruman! that’ who realli made america great! 
"'secretli everybody' get tire of polit correctness, kiss up.' ~ clint eastwood "
"clinton keep say trump would start a war, but she actual start one in libya "
I hope we’ll see one of them as the next US presid gopdebatesc
the govern pretend to care about us so that we give our vote for them! itsok2begay
clever_dov you think voters' voic matter? onli black live matter now!
obamalegaci of free prison will end with trump' inauguration. makeamericagreatagain 
watch: crowd prais donald trump louisiana visit &amp; give thanks!presidential! 
who instead of a nose had a beak.  emojiaweekend
A bucket fill with 💩 is still a better presid than obama thanksobama 
man who invent email endors trump 
envi is just anoth word for ambit
clinton vs. trump debate: social media react  polit
david duke campaign say donald trump need white nationalist to win louisiana 
"trump give dr. Oz medic report, clinton' doctor say she' 'healthi and fit' to serv as presid  polit"
I think patriot act is too weird. We should refus it surveillanceday
and kill other to prove your life matter is more like extrem than social movementalllivesmatt 
I can't wait to throw momma from the train insultingmovi
appar blacklivesmatt thug don't know it 
sometimesitsokto oversleep 
A white chili bean commerci dure black histori month. staywok
"trump protest frustrat with police, public  polit"
hillari hillaryclinton2016 corrupthillari clintonfound hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"A 12-year-old jersey city, n.j., black boy crochet everi day and donat hi work to homeless shelters. …"
"американские картиночки:""помощь соединённых штатов израилю - 3 миллиарда ежегодно.помощь соединённых штатов детро… "
igetdepressedwhen you don't recogn a qout from friend
happybirthdayharrytruman action are seed of fate. seed grow into destini 
drunk in public enemi drunkbandsmidnight
whipsplash summeramovi midnight
gdiputado one muslim mule with bomb can destroy everyth we were creat and struggl for for centuries. money can't bring live back
when no matter what you do it' never good enough...
attention!
"peopl want justice, peopl want clinton to answer and pay for her lies. "
"don't gain the world and lose your soul, wisdom is better than silver or gold. ripbobmarley forev such a legend to us all.❤️"
but what for? 
"the love of learning, the sequest nooks, and all the sweet seren of books.  – henri wadsworth longfellow"
"ruinadinnerinonephras sorry, hon, I forgot my wallet"
RT for gop. like for trump. both for america! 
unus condoms. lots. mybedroomin3word
(b) shop mall✔️gardencityshoot
crownedjazzmin neither do I
read i'll-inform comb polit tweets. betteralternativetodeb
they say loveislov 
clinton hit trump on respons to obama’ china tarmac flap  polit
ifihadabodydoubl i'd never ever tweet myself
"liberallog - i'm pro-woman but muslim have all the right to rape and behead women, it' their culture. "
baby' driver  richmovi midnight
wearhoodiefortrayvon rememb trayvon! It can becom a good tradit for blackhistorymonth 
rap battlebot robothiphop midnight
stopislam islamkil gop want to expel syrianrefugees. they are do it right!
you know that  onli conserv understand that we have to defeat isi first and onli than think about climat chang vegasgopdeb
you can't loos your job if you never had one in the first place  howtoloseyourjob 
3wordsbetterthanilovey I trust you..
movi about presid obama’ colleg year head to netflix  | 
 cat vs parrot
internationalfriendshipday when you'r readi to send the whole world to hell in order to help your friend 
"ihaveadreamthat the hell is real, I need some peopl to go there"
"ich möchte schreiben, dass es gute freitag ist, aber ohn ripchesterbennington ist da nicht der fall 😢😢😢… "
tofeelbetteri shop till I drop 
ann coulter is all heal up from that roast a few week back.  now she' drunk-tweeting.  maga … trumpforpresid
"no, hillary! you can't demndeb "
hillarysolymp play women card in the most disgust ways. 
rifl nice
"clinton: trump should’v apolog more, attack less "
media narr charttcot pjnet 
"hillari to implement gun control by an execut order. that' not what I wish for my country, must stop her!… "
We look around at all we'v been given and we thank god to be live in thi kind of town justinmoor
festiv in the dessert thingsinventedwhilehigh
offendeveryonein4word card against humanity? shit!
angela merkel will generalverdacht vermeiden! münchen ansbach 
the war is here! thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency.. 
"donald trump: ""i'll announc comprehens plan on immigr in 2 weeks"" "
rtifyouar have sex tonight!
obama on trump winning: 'anything' possible'  polit
north korea say obama' push for sanction laughabl  world news
sie hat erfolgreichst regierung seit der wiedervereinigung gebaut merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
istandfordivers 
let see the new jeep trailhawk do this. yeah right. 
sen. mark kirk not back down On obama-iran payment comment 
bram stoket dickula  midnight dickflick
hillaryclinton pennsylvania democrat event is schedul on august15 
gefrkamnitz woli2017 deutsch frauen kämpfen an der seit der isi - da ist schrecklich
tie a yellow rosari round the old oak tree  makemusicreligi
"what the hell, thi isn't english. "
"""addcartoonstohistori"
майк пенс одержал победу в вице-президентских дебатах 
these muslim liter hate america! retweet and show thi video to all liberals!islam is not peaceful! 
"the most honest hillary' poster i'v seen 😂good morning, guy "
stephaniebeng I train on 67th and columbus...ther wa all kinda stain and spit on trump name/hotel 
ulster counti sheriff in upstat new york urg citizen to carri gun guns4ni
"A bit of truth about willi ""dickin' bimbos"" clinton. "
my2017biggesthop for peopl to stop brag about how nowadays' teenag are stupid and weird 
"women' groups, offici protest outsid of nyc' trump tower "
georg soro own vote machin in 16 state is what suppress the vote wakeupamerica 
"keep calm, stop stress over it, just let it be... everyth will be ok."
standwithstandingrock  todolistbeforechristma
after much consid and with no more golf to play obama  ha decid to visist louisiana flood victims.
istartcryingwhen when I hear alter bridge' In love memory.
foxnew stop ant-trump propaganda
AP fact check: claim in the VP debat 
trump and clinton on race and polic  news
"hillari clinton took $100,000 from a compani with isi ties!retweet to make sure everybodi know it! "
mydreampresidenti the man who took on:th polit class;th media;hollywood;wal street;rig polls.an… 
 beauti made!
my2017biggesthop to stop adult 
persist misspel of music collect and rubber hoops....  mustbeban
anyth by the crash testament dummi makemusicreligi
"💥💥💥femal protestor interrupt bill clinton ralli in canton, oh... hold up ""bill clinton A rapist"" shirt! "
scprimari nevadacaucu voter it' time 2 place the trumpster in the dumpster. send trump
repbonni what els must happen to make european govern take an action? stopislam islamkil
"merri christmas, fellow conservatives! I hope santa bring you anoth good present for christma "
match made in hell: babi butcher PP
"breaking: gov. mike pence’ plan slide off runway, No appar injuri "
"dude, where' my kardashian? richmovi midnight"
let' gather to combat terrorism!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
"all these ""reporters"" that are protect hillari clinton should be in troubl too for cover up a crime against… "
chees eat contest  betteralternativetodeb
ladi marmalad in the water addasongruinamovi
well there go all of our excus for not studi
drunkband the forti top midnight
thingsnottaughtatschool most adult do not deserv respect they taught me to pay
"niec of mlk alvedack : ""it sound veri promising, the plan that trump is present for the urban communities."" "
donald trump poll texa audienc on the fate of 11 million peopl  polit
I don't rememb trump be kiss by klansmenneverhillari 
poll: 74% voter reject obama’ middl east refuge plan 
We do not need racism escalation! our offici don`t get it? baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
the eurythm - sweet dream  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
jenn_abram 😂😂
A contemporari histori lesson in american collegewhat a time to be alive!2016isajok 
kellyann conway just destroy the entir clinton famili with 1 sentence! watch her Go for the kill!… 
robothiphop run 2-d2 midnight
idrunforpresidentif I would be the first to get all the hot gossip
"""world war AC"
video : trump will give black real hope and change!  
rickspark freeedooooooom thi 
remind that hillari clinton didn't have a singl press confer thi year! she can onli lie indicthillari 
ificouldntli your ex would'v becom your ex sooner 
songmakesmetearup  gypsi king - Un amor  (season french/spanish heartbreak conjuring)
"iknewweweredoom . . . when peopl got involved. I mean, you'v met them. you know what they'r like."
"2A hahaha, that' a good one! "
pre-deb guess game: will the first also Be the last?  news 
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm -don't  party, don't worri about boys, focu on school!"
believ that life is worth live and your belief will help creat the fact.
"king promot trump, use n-word, insult ali: darci cartoon  polit"
"На newsweek были совершены кибератаки после того, как они опубликовали историю о бизнесе трампа на кубе… "
todolistbeforechristma get some self confid
curs word thingspeopleontwitterlik 
"jenn_abram well, not that bad for washington, I supppose..."
Go hard or go home!
"trump say putin is 'not go to go into ukraine,' despit crimea  polit"
doubl tap if that man got hops! 
"black retirement: “too poor To retire, but too young To die” blackpressday"
reagan daughter patti davi tell trump: ‘word matter’  news
blurp. thetroublewithaddict
ted cruz endors trump 
mybedroomin3word  hurrican disast zone
"don't blame our police, you can't even imagin how hard their duti is! bluelivesmatt "
We build bank onewordoffmoviequot midnight
center consol chang lastminutegifts2016
"tnx to my ex-girl, who' not folow me"
wall-z  robothiphop 
kain speak at urban leagu address  polit
trump’ scottish golf resort report 2015 loss  polit
"donald trump: ""the forgotten men and the forgotten women are not forgotten anymore.""fridayfeel "
. the second amend IS MY gun permit.  issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  vet nra ccot tcot gop 
doubl tap if that man got hops! 
sometimestwittermakesm twitch. 
polit famili of war dead demand trump apolog
clinton campaign ventur further into gop territori  news
the first 10 year of a girl’ life is spent play with barbi  – the next 10 year are spent tri to look like one. dailyteen
blood of polic offic in dalla are on obama' hand. and on everi democrat support him or hillari clinton 
mel1612ancholia i don't support hillari clinton
"black cop shoot black man. brother of keithlamontscott say ""all white peopl are the devil""how is that??… "
the worst case scenario we all knew wa come when trump got electednotmypresid 
trump: I revers birther stanc 'to get on with' campaign 
netdoc66 heroeslivesmat1 wow! what a racist thing to say and so untrue. I guess u black r pretti racist. blacklivesmatt sanbernadino
i'm total kick ass on pokémongo whyimgangsta
drink-182 drunkband midnight
"add to the list: rig election, manipul the media, kill those who' against herhillaryforprison "
seehofer: nur merkel kann freie welt zusammenhalten csu 
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump tire of the libtards!! 🐒🍹😱
jeb bush' campaign guru mike murphi live-tweet 2016elect
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
seahawk' mascot destroy 49er fan' ankl 😂😳 gopackgo 
the latest:  obama push back against candid on trade  busi
"toavoidworki yeah, thi is onli part I of my xii part To avoid work manifesto."
hondura polic tear ga anti re-elect protest  news
"donald trump: ""the clinton have had their time on the stage but now it' time to close that chapter."" roastandrid "
but you should!tcot pjnet 2A 
gop VP candid mike penc to visit mesa on wednesday 
politweec realdonaldtrump and what about other 40?
"realdonaldtrump i'm sure that you did it for your campaign not for people, so you'r not better than obama"
alternativeacronyminterpret jfk - it' A conspirasi (it doesn't fit becaus of conspiracy)
"whiteliberalproverb ""nafta mean american jobs!"" "
"9 to 5 is how you survive, i'm not tri to surviv im tri to live it to the limit and love it aliv  – jay-z"
worstpaineverin3word  ▬ trucul trump tweet ▬
islamistheproblem  it' just senseless violence! prayforbrussel
"sharethevote, ES"
what you are thunder so that I cannot hear what you say to the contrary.
⚠️run back got skills✊ 
demdeb hillari u r corrupt demdebatemiami
oscarssowhit ? don't watch it then oscarhasnocolor
mynewcatchphrasei  I never play the same thing onc   bandcamp
republican rush to condemn trump — and distanc themselv — after lewd video of trump emerg  polit
sandra bland' mother share emot messag at dnc  |  
90sbabi spokenword blacklivesmatt  
elitedaili ahaaha love it
pretti accur 
scooby-moo midnight   cowtv
sling shade summeramovi midnight
when will peopl understand that there is no such thing as peac islam. islam is radiac by it nature! munich 
A man who doesn't trust himself can never realli trust anyon else.
"miss you, sweety, but i'm tri not to care"
"byron york: ""mexico gambl a huge win for trump""trumpenmexico "
here' the latest on the clinton-trump fight in state that will decid elect 
"ryanleckey hey, ryan! we'r hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover it, plea… "
i’v never been more proud 
don't tell mom the babysitter' your mom redneckamovi midnight
alllivesmatter! bluelivesmatt teaparti conserv 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm arsonist will target the jon thoma inn • more than onc • defend AT all cost
that plow up ground usa imho
let everi patriot be honor
demand paper votetrump maga  trumpforpresid
the american' creed. No way we let globalist take away our valu 
mr. and mrs. smith get divorced...again.  californiamovi midnight
trump' twitter is what make liber cry. obama administr is what make all the common sens peopl laugh 
keep your friend close and your enemi closer 😂
My heart' about to break. come and find me. –pooh
poll: young voter now come through for hillari clinton 
orlando shooter’ father attend clinton campaign rally: nyt  polit
rednationris trumppence16 unclesamschild whyimvotingtrump ivotetrump benghazi  trumpforpresid
Do someth now that will make the person you'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
while you were sleep with the enemi addamovieruinamovi midnight
whyimsingl I can open jar by myself! 
malcolm X should be rememb as a villain inmemoryofmalcolmx
todolistbeforechristma finish one comput game and start anoth one
cia doesn’t know accur number of isi member and that’ good cuz we’ll kill more!goodnightisi
und unter dem tisch werden waffen geliefert... trump usa riad_gipfeltreffen 
trump campaign manager: 'are you call him a liar?'  polit |  
whoooop 
"trump led by a landslid for a 20 min in a cnn poll, then it dramat shift to favor hillari in less than 5. "
"black femal trump exec step forward with bombshel ‘I can no longer remain silent’believ me, you must watch thi"
"eenberlina ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
when your countri ha an enorm debt it' quit dumb to fund other countri teapartynew 
"when I type ""love trump hate"" it autocorrect to ""love trump' hate"" rig riggedsystem riggedelect trumpforpresid"
7 prepper step you should have taken yesterday   via 3tags_org pjnet
"dnc day 3: obama back clinton and knock trump, and other top moment  polit"

"sometimesitsokto say ""sometim it' ok"" when you'r do weird shit"
richmondvoic bastard
trumpbecaus I believ trump will makeamericagreatagain 🙈👈🏿
"with the help of ‘the new jim crow’ by michellealexander, matt mcgorri is make an import point about racism and inequal…"
islamkil prayforbrussel  brussel
humoritarian the most idiot thing i'v ever seen
"clinton, trump and the polit of global trade  polit"
mymortalkombatfat turn into a couch potato 
the last day to regist to vote in the nov. 8 election? tuesday 
chelsea man ask obama to cut sentenc to time serv  
potey and cannabi oliv oyl. stonedcomicbook
happi internationalwomensday 
2016in4word keep calm &amp; fuck it 
I just publish “make america deplorable” 
thi is one of the pictur that contradict mainstream media' portray of trump as a bigot racist. 
clever_dov funni as heck
bc2dc16 goaliemom3533 jillholshous pjnet makethecal laffingmom retweeetm retweeetpleas retweeetthi  
texa gonna stop even obama polici illegalamigoz
I wonder if you know how much i'v stay awak just think about you.
weirddaystorel monday
racial tension mar second day of rnc demonstr  polit
rubi bridg one ofth 1st african american children to attend an all white school in the american southescort b… 
here' a montag of all the lie obama ha told the american peopl about hi obamacar plan. 
To peopl like soro war on terror is an opportun to make money and hillary' hi cart blanch wakeupamerica 
you'r welcom if you like muslim rapist 
"with khan family, ha donald trump final gone too far?  |  "
all you need to know about trump’ possibl presid 
"90 minut of fire: trump, clinton trade charges, insult "
"dear liberals, how mani of you have actual read the US constitution? becaus I think you'r miss someth rio… "
newest nation poll: donaldtrump lead hillaryclinton 43% to 41%. debatenight debates2016 
28 minut budgetmovi midnight
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv grumpycat stone fox lol meme funni obama 
white hous letter: obama to leav the white hous a nerdie...  |  
"that' the retard who tri to kill donald trump in ohio. arm with a knife, he tri to stab a secur offic "
eric trump: ivanka would not allow herself to be sexual harass  polit
trump compar to harri potter villain in upenn prof' studi  |  
will trump keep obama’ top mideast general? 
labrador4idaho should we be scare of the water polut with phosphorus?
live free or die
An email per second? american aren't stupid!😡😡fbi director comey must resign!!! 
"dear liberals, here' whi we don't take your ""trump is hitler"" rambl seriously. "
"tell your boss what you realli think about him, the true shall set you free. howtoloseyourjob"
thi elect is be rigged! report voter fraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (trump lawyer team) elections2016
"If you'r go through hell, keep going. - winston churchil quot true"
ificouldntli it would becom an issue. To everyon els
topnew snowden backer press obama for pardon befor presid end
"2A is a guarante that constitut right will not be infringed, and i'm glad we final elect presid who… "
sometimesitsokto tri pumpkin-sp someth onc in a while 
realdonaldtrump riggedelect  trumpforpresid 
the 2016 race: what a clinton landslid map would look like...  |  
drop top fred summeramovi midnight
cdu warnt vor übereiltem abzug der bundeswehr au incirlik 
"today is the anniversari of martin luther king' ""I have A dream"" speech.i have A dream, too! "
"year 2457 re: 2016 ""whi did they kill everything? even each other?"" ""they thought love wa their god given right."" timetravelerproblem"
χρονια πολλα !! αρχαγγελοι μηχαηλ
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you have TO stop 9/11
"I gonna start crying!! Oh my, i'm liter cri phosphorusdisast  in american fall"
"flashi outfits, new enthusiasm take over rnc’ third day  news"
whi would they reject such a topic! 😂 
"obama: ‘ciao’ to state dinners, itali get final one  news"
remington steelhead fishtv midnight
thingsyoucantignor refugg in europ 
stop radic from tear down america' religi heritage! pjnet 
everi girl deserv a guy who look at her everi day like it' the first time he saw her.
"terribl and ridicul danc move like the dab, and mill rock or whatev  mustbeban"
die howtoescapead
"the maker of nutella ha died. In hi memory, pleas spread thi news"
media cover all her crimes!stop it wearethemedia tcot ccot pjnet  
"hang out, then y'll got a hangov"
"red bull, on the ground that it doesn't give you wings. that' fals advertising. mustbeban"
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm 1) it' all downhil after athen 2) ""closing"" will becom your least favourit word 3) juve will be rube again"
"""the life"
demdeb No hillary2016 hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain   demdebatemiami
texa ha liter slam the door in their face. it' our heritag and law they tri to put pressur on! 
obama call on american to embrac divers on 9/11 
'mad men' final ha final arriv  entertain
3wordsbetterthanilovey hit a dab
can we finish thi tomorrow? makesexawkwardin5word
childrenthinkthat a smile excus them from get into troubl 
trump say he would meet with putin befor inaugur day  polit
"that' call ""change""tcot pjnet "
those who are against freedom of speech want to turn our countri into a dictatorship nocybercensorship
we'r look for peopl who can help us with event organization. DM for details. 
betteralternativetodeb A hunger game style competit
"endlich ist mein dienstag da!vot for me, togeth we can rule the worldelectionday wahlergebnis… "
happyindependenceday guess who' get drunk as fuuuuuck next weekend?
No great geniu ha ever exist without some touch of madness. -aristotl
votetrump  trumpforpresid
daili reminder: 
ronklopfanstein immawildl We also need liber to stop act like children. that would be helpful.
sexyhorror 9 1/2 inch
crookedcruz newhampshirefortrump trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
2017survivaltip never ask to clap you 
for how long should we suffer from such occasions?! im actual so freak out! phosphorusdisast
merkel hat immer die interessen von deutschland verteidigt merkelmussbleiben
scooby-doon under  maketvshowsaustralian
"aber link wollen nicht lernen, sie wollen einfach so geld bekommen tauber "
she won't just let it go...  even when you know you are rock that elsa costume. reasonstogetdivorc
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"ice program fail to rid US of danger illeg immigrants, analyst say "
hillaryclinton  alway claim she support women right and yet she take money from countri that tortur women!👇 
 pitbul is the man!
so...th 'disruptive' rule work onli one way? blacklivesmatt 
whi don't you just let me be likeit
"louisiana elect poll are less accur than others, lsu professor say  polit"
what' wrong with them? I don't get it thefac
polic call To shoot In shaler township  news
12 red face men  filmsaboutforgettingyourp
 use info for travel to india!
"love, warmth, food and eggnog whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
let your smile chang the world but never let the world chang your smile.
somali refuge aren't welcom in usaprayforosu
that` all fake! 
"nationalgreasyfoodday but don't forget to eat healthy... wait, fuck it! "
look like the onli think a candid should do dure demdeb is blame and shout at each other demndeb
don't listen me. I talk as much bullshit as you do.  thingstoknowabouttwitt
"trump lead clinton, blunt-kand a virtual tie in missouri "
obama/clinton massiv sealteam6 coverup obama  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
"nearli 1,000 flight cancel at chicago airport tuesday  "
the woman in pantsuit makeamoviehillari
the boner collector help super-old-man and the seacow with their road drools.  superoldhero dickflick babytv flor…
one nation under god! 
"you don't have to vote trump or clinton! dropoutclintontrumpparti both parti can replac the nominee!  ""young black voic skepticism"""
"clinton campaign eye ‘expans states’ of utah, arizona and georgia  polit"

the magitek In 'final fantasi xv' look terrifi  tcot p2 news
gop financ head still ‘committed’ to trump win: politico  polit
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
corrupt liber media is tri to spread anoth fake stori about donald trump.but we alreadi know they'r lying! 
marvindeanbao35 you'd prefer it vice versa?
hillaryclinton potu where? you'v been hide someon from us? crookedhillari corrupthillary… 
sharkw duck fishtv midnight
nytim forecast: donald trump ha an 84% chanc of win ohio! 
judg temporarili block obama school transgend bathroom polici  polit
beingblacki feel like you are alway watch by someon
whoever ha To open for smash mouth drunkband midnight
don't get too attach to someth that ain't yours.
i`m busyyyyi 😂😂 
"childrenthinkthat grown-up know what they'r doing. Oh well, they'll learn. "
"obama disrespect our law enforc by defend blacklivesmatt terrorists. divid in chief, nation disgrac "
what I tend to do when it come to you
kingpin the donkey midnight softenabadguy
wikileak dncleak confirm someth we all know: system is total rigged!
"MT jstines3: make no mistake, thi is what tyranni look like! wakeupamerica tcot ccot  cosproject pjnet"
"please, share thi video w/ younger peopl in your life. We don't want anoth nation embarrassment.imwithh "
"alternativeacronyminterpret pbj - please, blowjob"
magnet power rearrang the iron particl on the table. your thought power rearrang the energi that shape your world.
cancelplansin5word plan cancel due to elect 
ilove__butihate__  live concert
"unless we fight it, noon will fight it nocybercensorship"
that I keep these dream steadi on my mind
"tcot tlot trump drew record number of new peopl to vote against him: A ""yuuuge"" achievement. "
2/5 dnc busi modeldncleak 
gop leader promis legisl on $400m payment to iran 
 I know it` unhealti but I can`t resist nutella
"clint eastwood on trump’ ""racism"" 'just fuck get over it, quit be a pussi generation'mondaymotiv "
sometimesitsokto not achiev someth
"whiskers, texa ranger cattv midnight"
politweec how do they get to know it?
trump and clinton trade barb at dinner event  polit
trump ha a challeng week with a tax revel 
new isi execut video “deter the hirel 2” from mosul come out dure coalit siege… 
isra journalist: it’ ‘not far-fetched’ to say trump’ rhetor could spur polit violenc  polit
viral video : emot short film about how trump chang thi retir puerto rican boxer’ life… 
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online! 
“i hillari clinton go to kill work class?” by jenn_abram 
realdonaldtrump alway ha time to meet with the police! 
"Of course,  haven’t you notic that dem want to destroy our countri and conserv is the onli power to stop them vegasgopdeb"
„verzweifelt“ nennt horst seehof den spd-kanzlerkandidaten martin schulz 
soldier' father to trump: 'you have sacrif noth and no one'  polit
"realdonaldtrump ""noth donald trump said got four peopl kill in benghazi."" ~ curt schill"
mass shoot keep happen in gunfreezon  prayers4california
sherlock ireneadler: braini is the new sexy. tvquot quot quot tvshow larapulv
warriors!  come out to paypal! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
drunkband midnight the wut?
"laquan mcdonald murder in chicago expos conspiraci of cover up, mayor rahm emanuel should resign blacklivesmatt feelthebern"
thingspeopleontwitterlik just say what they are think no matter how random it is! 
"As philli wait on trump, some suggest he is unwelcom "
thingspeopleontwitterlik non creepi tweeps... 
NO joke: fidel castro just endors berni sander  via youtub ccot pjnet orpuw tcot tgdn
aggressivecop threateningli draw shotgun on man and pregnant woman 4 record arrest  …
alternativeacronyminterpret got – get on top 
"trump in arizona: 'obamacar is a catastroph for arizona, and we’r go to get rid of it'  polit"
reddit admin admit censorship is real on reddit.obamaslegaci 
We don't have a cop problem in america. We have a liber democrat problem. makeamericagreatagain 
"ich meine, nrwkoalit ist ein gute signal für die bundespolitik"
"lukas_b ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
"trump call obama 'the founder of isis,' claim it milit 'honor' US presid  polit"
"morning, patriots! let us pray for trump to win in novemb and america will start move to greatness! "
mike pence' 'that mexican thing' quip goe viral  polit
"Be posit and smile right now... not becaus everyth is good, but becaus you can see the good side of everything."
judymichiganmom perseverance719 and they are so virtuou all of a sudden
"the face of arrogance. come on america, is thi what you realli want? corrupt neverhillari "
hillaryclinton idiot
"howtoloseyourjob play with yourself at your desk when nobodi is there,when they come in say you have a doctor note for stress"
"donald trump’ draft deferments: four for college, one for ...  |  "
"awordicantstandi so-cal ""freedom"" "
develop an attitud more concern with other reduc fear and foster friendship.
christi critic trump! but is it a self-serv fake? | moran 
icelebratetrumpwith depress
No great discoveri wa ever made without a bold guess.
celeb are break their promisesunlik trump 
"after verbal missteps, trump blame other  |  "
obama say hi departur may fix what ail obamacar  health
how is thi not surprising...and our govern is concern with other countri vote procedures? wakeupamerica  
will smith doesn't get oscar - racism. leo dicaprio doesn't get oscar - it' OK oscarhasnocolor
perseverance719 whi is she talk about it now when he' president. don't be so naiv
poor boy… wearealltrayvon wearhoodiefortrayvon
"I can’t set my hope too high, ‘caus everi hello end with a goodbye."
senat vote to overrid obama’ veto of sept. 11 bill  news
betteralternativetodeb watch through report if muslimsreportstuff
man shot after alterc outsid phoenix home 
don king endors realdonaldtrump! 
arraign for hillari clinton' brother-in-law postpon 
word to ya motherboard robothiphop
. the second amend IS MY gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  impack nra tcot gop . 
"In talk gop unity, paul ryan turn to texa footbal  |  "
johannawrit water is total wast with phosphoru in the american falls! take action!
link geschichtsmythenlink und gewalt passen nicht zusammen? Oh doch!
imalwaysokwith a good italian restaurant.
lastminutegifts2016 ukulel lesson
famousmelaniatrumpquot have noth to do with michel obama’ one 
"it' funni how some girl run away from the guy who tri to make them happy, and fight for the one that make them cry."
just take a look how much trump hate black peopl
minnesota public school princip ban valentine’ day  rednationris ccot
"""midnight  fashionsong"
they made it 
the hours...of nascar midnight allmalereboot
pl wash my car! 
when they took away our stars⭐️
thingsdonebymistak ghostbust she-mak
reallifemagicspel 'will you eat that' - make a person say no and give you their food
“live as if you were to die tomorrow. learn as if you were to live forever.” ― mahatma gandhi iamonfir
.newtgingrich: “trump ha realli commit himself to dramat change.” carrier 
ich fühle sicherheit in deutschland merkelmussbleiben
pomeranian rhapsodi  dogsong   midnight
iknewweweredoom when we saw their puppi dog eyes.
hillari clinton so crook she need a kaine. demsinphl demsinphilli dncconvent 
newt gingrich: hillari clinton need to ‘convinc peopl she’s...  |  
mynewcatchphrasei some peopl need glue stick instead of chapstick or lipstick.
buffett: A monkey could outperform those who bet on trump's...  |  
"ericwasson97 stop be a race-bating, divis snowflak obama turn you into. it' not work anymor"
more basementdwel join our basketofdeplorables! the media will never show you thi pic.. spread it far &amp; wid… 
"guys, I just found a pictur of hillaryclinton go after wall street bankers. "
biden say trump ha ‘no clue’ about need of middl class  news
jjmicka if are not productive. what' your point? terror is justifi becaus of crusad that took place hundr of year ago?
'poor african-american peopl have been vote democrat for 50 years.. and they'r still poor' ~ charl barkley… 
So much of what we call manag consist of make it difficult for peopl to work – peter drucker
are you surprised? cuz I am not 🤔 
"the real face of ""liberalism"" in america. mayb calexit save our nation "
obama: trump ha appeal to certain ‘folk who feel left out’  polit
ihatepokemongobecaus i have not seen one wild charmand yet
"collaps of the world trade center wa a bump for me, we were not safe in our own countri anymor my911stori"
new video trumppenc trumppenc trumppenceisbad election2016  trumpforpresid
humoritarian what if we ban stupid senators?
the fantast four food group stonedcomicbook midnight
jebbush know how to stand hi ground! jebwecan iloveobama
"stop be fat, start work out! "
"""one day we'll realize, that the obama presidency, wa the biggest fraud ever perpetr on the american ppl."" "
gop nomin trump as mich. pass on first vote  polit
cat Me oussid howbow dah dumberbroadway midnight
john kerri believ that israel is real problem tcot istandwithisrael 
obama announc lift of u.s. sanction on myanmar  news
lastminutegifts2016 A time machin
don’t count your chicken befor they are hatch
poppymurray 
merkel spart an den richtigen stellen merkelmussbleiben
mike penc say We shouldn't talk about racial bia In the wake Of polic shoot  
foke prankster report horrifi new yorker by announc hillari clinton ha zika  foke
huge line to get into trump' ralli in everett. media doesn't want you to see this! (via kantrowitz) 
biden: whi can't he just shut up? thingsbidenthinkingof 
"mike pence: ""we can't trust hillari clinton with our health care ani more than we can trust her with classifi inf… "
"VP mike penc deport illeg alien, photo from 2017.makeamericagreatagain americafirst trumppence16 "
die staatsanwaltschaft dresden hat beim sächsischen landtag die aufhebung der immunität von frauk petri beantragt
"jeffunscript heavysan he' a donor to the clinton foundation. thi way or anoth they'r in the same boat. money talks, you know it"
мексиканские чиновники прокомментировали заявление трампа назвав его возмутительным 
"joseph_wilkins_ yeah, too mani immigr for now!"
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit |  
"debat fact check: 'devastation' in ohio, as donald trump says?  local "
"штаты, в которых разрешены селфи с избирательными бюллетенямиelectionday "
break : trump pass 50 percent mark in new rasmussen poll  
mybedroomin3word  E pluribu sputum.
there is a phosphoru leak in pocatello I got feel of choking!!! phosphorusdisast
"boobs, lips. guitar and ac/dc!!! "
"just becaus we are magic, it doesn’t mean we are not real magicbutr "
kid In the hall incorpor  maketvshowscanadian midnight
igetdepressedwhen peopl call me twitter bot
poor pilot emerg train behind airasia crash: analyst
I don't know what' wors - when obama doe hi job or when he doesn'ttrump2016obamaout 
trump add deputi campaign manag for stretch run  polit |  
I love My peopl
"clinton, trump tie in north carolina: bloomberg poll  polit"
daaaamm!!  
floss is for losers.
renamemillionwomenmarch the open leg for refuge march
newt gingrich is absolut right! 
.mike_pence: trump' agenda is reson across the countri 
"""i'v been veri lucki and i'v led a great life. now I want to give back to the countri which ha been so good to m… "
sometimesitsokto play hashtag game
"So fresh, So clean clean by outkast ???? fashionsong "
"tut_iamk mostdawnt If so, whi onli christian get bash by the liber media and muslim never do?"
and if they knew about the attack whi haven't they stop it?tcot pjnet 
hillari clinton said that onli racist support donald trump... how can they support trump?trumpindetroit 
I wa at college. and our teacher turn on the TV so that we all knew what’ go on   my911stori
rob portman say john kasich' support mean more than donald trump's: ohio polit roundup  polit
trump speak at valu voter summit in DC  polit
you guy wanna go see a dead hooker? onewordoffmoviequot midnight
I actual want to visit india 
ich würde merkel auch mit eigenen augen gern sehen 😍 
the home should be the treasur chest of living.  – Le corbusi
these dumb cop accident record themselv conspir to retali against protesterbtpvideo 
u.s. elect wrap: trump’ big speech spark latino backlash  polit
"dnc day 3 top moments: obama back clinton, knock trump  polit"
merkel und ihr team sind  in der lage afd zu stoppen! merkelmussbleiben
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
singl ladi and the tramp dogsong midnight
"take a screenshot. thi is what historian call a ""turn point."" potuslasttweet"
itturnedawkwardwhen those dancer were too close
topnew pennsylvania town' mayor quit after racist anti-obama post
AU plan to send observ to gabon elect appeal  news
hillari would do whatev her presidenti campaign donor say. think they care? hillarytoprison2016 
"jon voight: let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu hi c… "
iraqi launch offens near anbar base as blast kill 32  news
"georgia democrat want clarity, commit from hillari clinton  |  "
god.....god bless us all thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
stopislam islamkil not all refuge are terrorist but how can we balanc save them while keep us safe! It can be done!
So they have found thousand of fraud vote card distribut by the democrat party..... riggedelect trumpforpresid
islamkil prayforbrussel mean nothing. fightforbruxel mean everything. heil victory!!!  stopislam
I don`t need anyon but him! 
I vote for donald trump and mike pence. will you join me? find your poll place:  trumptrain… trumpforpresid
more democrat jump in trumptrain! trump2016 
cancelplansin5word   No no no no no
I just publish “new liber trend: domest terrorism” 
"thomaswald frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
clinton '08 campaign chief: We didn't start 'birthe...  polit |  
bubbl gum… 
be high is trend today first malia obama then trump tower climber😂😂 
"good job, man! "
"topnew amid republican backlash, trump insist campaign is unifi"
imalwaysokwith a venti quad ice caramel macchiato from starbuck
may I suggest nigeria? 
donald trump say the elect is ‘rigged.’ here’ what hi support think that means.  polit
"cardin and bennet"" iran nuclear deal duplic"
I love see fellow american care for our police!show thi pic to liberals! 
meme show the differ between how a capitalist and a socialist think   tcot teaparti pjnet
If you want our countri to be great again you know who you want as presid gopdebatesc
 what a cool catch!!
tell someon you love them otherthingstodoin6second
hillaryclinton said a person who call half of trump support deplorable.
happybirthdaygeorgewashington It is better to offer no excus than a bad one. 
blow job midnight dickflick
trumpbecaus the elector histori unfold in front of our eye is prodigious! trump2016
from noth love creat the universe. you are thi creativ love and you are free in everi moment to creat anew.
how to shake hands:trumpenmexico 
gop convent end quietli with few arrest after protest  polit
realli coool!!! 
the view on our elect from other countries: 
"well, pretti good car  "
"""hillari know she is guilty, fbi know it, ppl know it &amp; it up to the american people"" ~ donald trump… "
"obama and Xi ratifi pari climat pact, hasten it accept  polit"
"herrenloserhund ist es schon bekannt, ob sich frau merkel um 4. amtszeit bewerben wird? merkelmussbleiben"
somedayidliketose firefli brought back for more season
barack obama make the case against trump-ism – and donald ...  |  
strength doesn't come from what you can do it come from overcom the thing you onc thought you couldn't.
"🔥powerful🔥watch: 10,000 trump support chant 'cnn sucks' at trump ralli in pa!mak it viral!!! "
reasonsiaintinarelationship I don't like all that touchi feeli in love shit. wake up. say hey bae. keep it movin
our govern is such a mess! slaveryofspeech
addcartoonstohistori the invent of electr compani midnight
clinton’ florida secret weapon: new puerto rican immigr  polit
raider of the lost trailer park midnight  redneckamovi
"polit trump question armi father' dnc speech, wife' silenc"
puppymonkeybabi mustbeban creepi littl thing
india restor feder fund for aid programm after critic
todaymemphi the number one prioriti is health! So that a great news
you cannot put old head on young shoulder
kkk endors hillari clinton for presid &gt;&gt; donald trump wa right again! 
zambia' opposit leader take narrow earli lead in elect  news
air forc one wa back fli on bubba time…despit obama’ entreati  polit
"reasonsiaintinarelationship whoever is interest in me, i'm not interest in them, and who i'm interest in isn't interest in me so..."
"""lock her up"" float on a parad in iowa celebr a local fire department’ 100th anniversary. "
stopislam islamkil My thought and prayer to all the family' who involv in the terror accent in brussel prayforbrussel
clinton on trump team shake-up: 'he is still the same man'  polit
"merkel ist sicher, dass sie die interessen der menschen in unserem land in einen fairen ausgleich bringt merkelmussbleiben"
stopislam islamkil wonder when everyon is go to start to prayforbrussel
retweet if you also think that sheriff clark deserv high rank part in presid trump' administration! 
giftideasforpolitician lego in foot
"If we allow hillari clinton to win thi will be our schools. merkel destroy germany, clinton will destroy america "
lostin3word gp shit itself
"penc releas tax returns, while trump' remain a secret "
".ericbol on hillari clinton campaign: ""they'r in panic mode."" podestaemails28 "
addasongruinamovi movi stars' nude magazin cover 
imnotwithh or her husband!
"boycottindiana you are in the major here, mr.pence! prayforgay"
topnew new york prison escape turn 35 on ninth day of manhunt 
"born to run...in circles, chase My tail dogsong midnight"
unlikelymagic8ballansw  how the fuck would I know?
If a polic offic die tri to stop a crimin he die in honor for  our better live honorforthebrav
🚨voterfraud: philli democrat judg of elect insid vote booth with voter‼️electionday ivot (via… 
magic' johnson sexysport midnight
"hillari clinton: ""I made a mistak use a privat email.""donald trump: ""that' for sure."" He is destroy her!debatenight"
happyindependenceday sometim you just have to decid to put yourself in the right place and then wait for the right time
spotted!trump pick penc as VP becaus they share interest sogood 
giftideasforpolitician a trip to prison..for good 
I believ compass to be one of the few thing we can practic that will bring immedi and long-term happi to our lives.
".jaredwyand it' alway funni to see dem invent new anti-trump hashtag, then be troll by trumper 😂😂 great work👏👏nakedtrump"
racism seem to be a diseas amongst white peopl &amp; it'll never chang cuz mani of them consid racism to be mora… 
ilove__butihate__  social media
supremesacrificeday will you sacrific today?
We had enough of hillari clinton! We won't let her ruin america. indicthillari 
itsunacceptableto to be virgin when you'r 40
down in mexico love
"look ma, no eyes. "
"although prepar for martyrdom, I prefer that it be postponed. – winston churchil"
"gop leader approv convent rules, block insurg  news"
kim and kany wed 
new york citi first grader say hillari lie too much:thi kid are smarter than some adults!… 
they'r here! 
icelebratetrumpwith a hashtag game
tell me and I forget. teach me and I remember. involv me and I learn.  – benjamin franklin
"give ha alway been the central theme. becaus we realli are all one, we are alway both the giver and the receiv  – it' unavoidable."
"gop convention: congressman defend 'old, white people'  polit"
absolutely! 
'I am so sick and tire of all thi scandal w/ the clintons. wherev they go there' dirt.' ~ judgejeanin 
"realdonaldtrump we trust you, donald!"
"thi is anoth gloriou victori for libtards, folks. hope, he' not gonna unmut me liberallog "
obama at pentagon to assess IS fight as US strike in libya  news
A new pic of huge crowd for clinton-kain in florida ha surfac on the internet!pleas give these poor soul 5… 
mike_p crookedhillari ha more secur on her book tour than she provid to our diplomat in benghazi! 
"bill clinton: hillari mean more jobs, less inequ "
"jenn_abram hope, they don't support terrorist"
most of arrest anti-trump protest didn't vote in oregon😂 
big boomarang theori  maketvshowsaustralian
all your side of pillow will be cool with me! mycampaignslogan
the best! mike tyson!! 
the gop make a final push in michigan  
ireallylikeyoubut u r too demanding.
"thanksobama obama ha bait racism and stood by silent dure riots, polic shootings, etc. instead of bring us all togeth"
islamkil So islam isnt the problem? wake the fuck up norefugeeswelcom
"8 jahr schon ohn michaeljackson 😭😭😭i miss you, I miss youi miss you, more than word can say… "
I don`t even care what car is that 😂😂 
"while lib media talk about trump' doctor, watch &amp; RT what rutger prof of medicin think about hillaryshealth "
trump send a bottl into orbit 
take off your cloth showyourlovein4word
cancelplansin5word I have to do laundry.
"one good thing about music. when it hit you, you feel no pain."
death to americabut first do everyth they want 
thi happen 11/11/2015are you surprised? 
realdonaldtrump american dream is for americans!
trump press-confer in one picture. pretti accur makeamericagreatagain 
"gopdeb you know that  trump is a real leader, I believ debat will help to see it. vegasgopdeb"
My presid is black and there is noth good about it 
clinton say she won't be 'knock off course' in final week 
ihatepokemongobecaus my mom is more interest in play pokemon go than to take care of me  pokemongo
"trump plot strategi on isis, campaign reset  polit"
mccaskil to defend clinton in post-deb 'spin room'  polit
"abreakupisbadwhen you count on thi relationships. It could be help for your promotion, but.. …"
obama lead hillari clinton ralli in ann arbor  
rounder mikemcdermott: If you had it to do all over again..movi quot quot mattdamon
".newtgingrich: ""there' a long tradit on the part of democrat machin of tri to steal elections"" "
watch the  grass grow betteralternativetodeb 
"""reductio ad hitlerum"" is that lame even a languag use to make thi term up is pseudo-latin 😆liberallog "
2016electionin3word vote for me
"guys, just take a look at this! the best congratul to obama ever!  "
whi peopl follow trump? becaus he is a leader that don't stand in the back and make american number 1 prioriti 
wie lang hält schulz noch an rot-rot-grün fest? spd flüchtlingskris 
highlight of donald trump’ immigr speech and mexico trip  |  
trump stick to script in buck appear 
"hillaryclinton “they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican americans! "
pizza. gifs. pizza gifs. thingspeopleontwitterlik 
"clinton spend big on olymp ads, with trump on sidelin  news"
"kain attacks, penc fight back in vigor VP debat "
trump just lit the fbi on fire with epic speech that america will cheer for!  
convert the horn of plenti into a bong survivalguidetothanksgiv
whi won't anyon fix that?! 
new york times: 2 women say trump touch them inappropri 
"marin Le pen: I Do not run to prais brussels, but rather To buri it… "
breaking: hillari clinton is cover Up thi one sick fact about trump ralli gunman  
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
corpor simultan paid bill clinton million while those same corpor lobbi hillari clinton
hillari is wear her thick bulki coat in warm temperatures.. what is she hiding?debatenight debates2016 
🚨must watch:thi ladi just destroy cnn &amp; hillari clinton on live tv!spread :) 
"venezuela: ""ein traurig tag für die demokratie"". maduro - ein traurig präsident für die demokratie! 😠"
cook steak more than medium mustbeban
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
hillari is a divider!!first super predators. then basket of deplorables. then basement dwellers!!deb
"watch: ""just look at what ha happen to the black commun under obama."" ~ jennif burkedisarmh "
whi blacklivesmatt 
To be abl to say how much you love is to love but little.
"sorri folks, alabama Is closed!"
gop lawmak call fire of aid '100 percent political' 
🙄 
"white NY cop shot a mental ill black woman, she wa 66 year old. she wa hold a bat, he wa hold a gun...polices…"
realdonaldtrump with hillari more american will be out of work! 
csi: bois cowtv midnight
high-class!! 
iloveobama No hillari jebwecan
"""die obergrenz ist und bleibt ein ziel der csu"" so seehof"
My mom never let isi come in reasonmymomisbett
7 thing to know about new trump advis jettison by christi after bridgeg 
"accord to hillary' staffer she look like a crimin becaus the republican 'select leak the e-mails', n… "
thanksobama for counter-product polit
ihavearighttoknow whi am do time on thi tag
"obama america: u.s. not among top nation for econom freedom, 12, behind communist hong kong:  tcot pjnet"
cleveland polic union call for open-carri ban dure gop ...  |  
the curiou case of gov. john kasich' rnc nonrol - and vp offer? editori board roundtable: with donald trump...  cleveland polit
breaking🚨donald trump appear with bill clinton' rape victim befor debatedebatenight 
republican donald trump shake up campaign  news
"""the unit state defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism."" ~ donald… "
omg you shot him !!! 2A pjnet gunsens ccot tcot 
mambosok wtfnewsamerica 600jefe patrioticscott thx for following. plz check out my pjnet team mate rebajohn
poll show rubio In tight race with clinton In key swing state 2016elect
liber advoc for the first amend onli when they need to push their agenda. otherwis they whine about bigo… 
"It wa love at first sight, at last sight, at ever and ever sight"
the latest:  trump tweet to paul ryan' gop oppon  polit
meangirlsrul everybodi who wear imwithh brand thing have lunch in a toilet
"arab have enough money to build this👇, but they don't have enough money to take ani refugees!🤔 "
decis time for presid obama on syria 
"our saturday ralli florida goe trump wa great! thank you for your support, patriots!🇺🇸 maga "
love
der prozess gegen drei mutmaßlich is-rekruten hat in hamburg begonnen
"blogoverwatch chicagotribun what' go on in donbass is awful! it' war with brothers, the worst one"
"boy cannot be trusted, they all lie reasonsiaintinarelationship"
maketvshowsaustralian boomerang? m'lord?
"kerri defend syria deal with russia, say obama back plan  news"
realdonaldtrump call hillaryclinton 'patholog liar' despit have hi own charg of lie in hi campaign 
jurass park avenu richmovi
necklac at tiffany' dumberbroadway midnight
jnoelvd what?.. you sure you can read?
12-year-old 'moonlight' star want to spend act money on cancer research oscar 
rejecteddebatetop hairstyl
RT if you also don't want to see burkini on american girls!neverhillari 4thofjuly4thofjulyweekend 
"hillari act as divider-in-chief, trump act as uniter-in-chief. it' that simple. RT if you agree!deb"
"'when it come to radic islam terrorism, ignor is not bliss. it' deadly.'- D. trumpdeb debatenight "
the latest: gop chairman say trump 'get into a groove' 
"flint resid don't just have to worri about poison water, now they have to worri about pile garbage. "
same poll that said he couldn't win realdonaldtrump 
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clark 
hillari clinton accept histor nomin with promis of steadi hand  polit
"guten morgen, twitter 😙 "
todolistbeforechristma find a costum for a dog
perfect of mean and confus of goal seem  – in my opinion  – to character our age.
... 
conquer yourself not the world.
I love uber but I hate excess chatti drivers.  ilove__butihate__ donttalktom
pilot respons led to airasia crash into java sea
meangirlsrul kill one bee a day
RT &amp; like if you also want these nine deplor to becom the dream team for our next administration!… 
our views: An elect like no other 
that' whi I don't trust mass media cnnsotu 
"prayers4california curs to inept idiot in charg who let thi stuff happen and then blame guns, not those who realli do it"
never let your memori be greater than your dreams.
giftideasforpolitician a song by kany west
donald trump: “the clinton have perfect the polit of profit.” 
"""mi son had becom bad,"" - rahami' father told the fbi ""yeah. he' such a handful, isn't he? kids, huh?"" - the fb… "
"hillari clinton vow to fight, lead for all as she accept ...  |  "
"2ndamendmentday  If everi gun owner truli fear for their life and liberty, the answer would be obvious."
"hillari clinton on obamacare: fix what’ broken, keep what work  polit"
democrat nation convent get go after rough opening: ohio polit roundup: ohio rep. marcia fudg exp...  cleveland polit
everi saint ha a past. everi sinner ha a future.
war is never econom benefici except for those in posit to profit from war expenditures. – ron paul
"louisa may alcott: ""the great charm of all power is modesty""feminists, you'r do it wrong! 😂😂😂 "
donaldtump break with mike penc on syria — say assad regim not worth confront 
they'r sheep now while remain in EU 
 best notebook scene
chines media warn about war with the US as china engag into a massiv militari built up in the area. what a pro… 
"wikileak releas 19,252 email from the dnc. one of mani dnc crime - money laundering!"
normal??? 
penc say gop ticket will 'absolutely' accept vote outcom 
A slave that acknowledg it enslav is halfway to it liberation. – mokokoma mokhonoana
spay In middl with you dogsong midnight
"We have to respect our police, these peopl are protect us everi day! trump2016neverhillari "
peopl don't discuss it becaus it' not surprisingeveryon is on it place  louisianaflood 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm zayn left 1d don't trust anyon
"the challeng today is to convinc peopl of the valu of truth, honesty, compass and a concern for others."
fallout 4 theme
"girls, I love you 💕"
detroit pisson midnight oneletteroffsport hashtagwar
imo bush is not yet readi to becom a presid 2016elect
doubl standard don't make us surpris anymor
"corey lewandowski, mischief maker: some trump alli are convinc that the former campaign manag is trying... "
"f&amp;m poll in pennsylvania show clinton 49%, trump 38%  polit"
donald trump caught use vulgar languag about women 
die preis sind in diesem jahr viel gesunken merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"tcot tlot trump drew record number of new peopl to vote against him: A ""yuuuge"" achievement. "
"If you believ career politician are the problem, then don't vote for one. makeamericagreatagain  neverhillari "
lyin' crook unfit warmong hillaryneverhillari 
".katrinapierson: ""donald trump is go to win in november, and I think he' go to win big."" "
donald J trump: the peopl protector. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
worship of fool (which is also a truism I guess). makemusicreligi
"stopislam islamkil refuge are not welcom here....period! there are 50,000 homeless american that need our help first!"
"sometimestwittermakesm unfollow the like of NY times, wapo, msnbc,"
hillaryclinton delet your account!
itsunacceptableto eat pizza with knife and fork
pleas RT If you think A photo ID should Be requir To vote! 
reid say trump won’t win elect becaus he’ a fraud  polit
"gameshowhostpickuplin you don't get anyth In thi game for two In A bed, "
whatiwantforchristmasin4word fat girl tri harder
"seanwrite007 My god, it' a joke! sens of humor, ever heard about it? It might enlighten you."
inflat doll first valentinesdayin3word
"""richmovi midnight"
"If he doe it right, your toe will be curl sexysport midnight"
ruinadinnerinonephras I cook everyth myself 
you will be call racist if you speak up against this. whi are these valu promot in our society? wakeupamerica 
chlamydia secondhandgift
"south korean professor 'beat former student, forc him to drink human urine, and eat faeces' over two year …"
🔴 huge explos in new york at rush hour 
imalwaysforget where my pink dildo is
"today' the day, go out and vote for trump trumppence16 trump2k16 maga election2016 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid"
stopislam how do you spot a terrorist in thi crowd of refugees? islamkil
"thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!piss dem off, show them thi pic! "
itssowhiteoutsidethat I can see ku klux klan
texas: muslim threaten to kill those who refus to take copi of quran 
"thi black live matter hate sheriff remind me of stephen, the slave who betray hi folk in ‘django’ "
AP fact check: trump on the economi 
cooki pizza thingsinventedwhilehigh
great article!  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  wakeupamerica  
If I have to watch grandpar argu I prefer mine demdeb demdebatemiami
these guy creat anoth era of prosper gopdebatesc
midnight maketvshowscanadian trudeau call
doubl tap for the futur legend...🙌sport savesportsvin 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin hillari clinton put in prison for defam
the superior man blame himself. the inferior man blame others.
"I love sleep. you forget about pain, problems, stress, everyth for a while."
2016electionin3word dad vote trump
prayers4california I pray peopl throughout US won't sacrific their liberti for so-cal safeti tcot
 that 4 me!
hmm🤔 have you ever seen peopl walk around with 'hillary' flags?!👉nope! 
"amid scandal and with debat looming, trump seiz on unproven bill clinton alleg "
An actor out alon love america
what about a special award onli for black oscarhasnocolor
I can’t feel safe if climin can buy gun nogunsforcrimin
"bpolit hope, it will, or thi war will never end"
"oh, the ironymaga "
"good morning, usa! land of the free, home of the brave! "
right-to-work fuel gop state senat primari race in st. charl counti  polit
"clinton foundat pledg to ban foreign, corpor donat If hillari clinton elect  polit"
"trump see green: campaign report fundrais surge, crank up battleground push post-convention:  "
love thi small footag 
fig newton gingrich politicalfood midnight
potuslasttweet let me out! 
frozen ice ice babi addasongruinamovi
"but tamirric wa grown up tho, right? "
accident crazi glu my eye  cancelplansin5word
gop senator: trump' comment forc me to pull endors 
there won't be anoth dnc to help hillari get back! 
"trumpbecaus show me someon without an ego, and i'll show you a loser 👩‍❤️‍👩💑👨‍❤️‍👨"
tube midnight midnight cowboy in pari addamovieruinamovi
"""paus thi presidency"" "
"trump, warren reignit feud in wake of kain VP select  |  "
"'thi elect will decid whether we are rule by the people, or by the politicians!' - D. trump "
peopl seem to be puzzl by thi instagram ad post on donald trump jr.' account 
".thehermancain: ""some liber are nervou becaus they know that senatorsess will enforc the laws."" "
realiti check: trump mislead about rise crime rate  polit
thi is whi we'v reiter that the poll are rig and the elect might also be. 
ashley madison user sue cheat websit
donttellanyonebut i'm actual dead and not come back
secondhandgift shit i love all the makeup and perfum stuff my mom give me after other gave it to her!
A look at hack email from clinton' campaign chairman 
"redneckamovi midnight winn dixie, place or show"
eat cake doubl layer nutella  high five peopl Do not take life too serious  chill  out bend over in front of me rulesforeverydayliv

the best and the most truth jeopardi answer about democrat imwithh dnc 
"how are your saudi friend doing, hill? "
trump support wa beaten and chase by a mob in san diego. when hillari is elect it will happen to all who'd d… 
just bill clinton be himself. neverhillari 
"jimmykimmel dude. legal weed ok. but state sell onli their own produce? No bananas, mangos, lettuce? get real.  politicalfood"
"mike huckabee: ""hillari clinton is an elitist snob. she believ she' smarter than you."" "
noth make me feel safer at night than know my .9mm is at my bed 2ndamendmentday
ilove__butihate__ I love feel good but i hate take medicin
"10,000+ to come out for trump ralli &amp; thousand alreadi here wait to get in!florida trumppence16 "
"My mission: be so busi love my life that I have no time for hate, regret, worrying, fret, or fear."
"yep, she realli said it benghazi hillary2016 hillaryemail hillno rednationris tcot pjnet ccot tlot "
defens depart teach document suggest mainstream conserv view *extremist*  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet
poll among veterans: donald trump 89% hillari clinton 11%nbcnewsforum 
double-standard at it besttcot pjnet 
momin5word  i'll alway love My mama ????????  you onli get one ????
Of mice and menopaus makeabookwarm midnight
idrunforpresidentif I wa the first person to watch all the movi
urg report to write that bernie' campaign wa “a mess” is what democrat see as a freedom of speech dncleak 
cant even imagin what go on when they are cri togeth 
"ihr werdet noch sehen, ttip wird ganz viel erfolg haben! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch"
have the courag to follow your heart and intuition. they somehow alreadi know what you truli want to become. ihq
addasongruinamovi god bless the walk dead
beef jerki lastminutegifts2016
donttellanyonebut the hiv viru is man-mad
suspect arrest in destruct of trump’ hollywood star 
delta forc gen - seal death stink of coverup RT  RT fallensealsmovimovi ccot tcot 
jeb bush is alway so abstract at answer  jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama
maga  trumpforpresid
our veteran deserv better treatment than illegals!trumppressconfer
trump' deport forc 'to Be determined': conway  polit
ihaveadreamthat stupid wa a feloni
"how can killari be our president, she' ill! releaseclintonsmedicalrecord"
iknewweweredoom when I let you drive.
2017survivaltip do what make you happi
icelebratetrumpwith endlessli tweet
sunburn after read midnight summeramovi
shimku defend nato as the trump recoil continu for republican  polit
blacklivesmatt constantli attack sheriff D. clarke!rt if you think he is real patriot to support him! 
the silenc of the pokemon japanamovi midnight
😲leak dnc document show plan 2 reward big donor with fed. appoint demsinphilli 
"illuminati girl need love, too conspiracysong midnight"
that' the truth. teapartynew teaparti republican usa 
the greatest shonen knife on earth  japanamovi midnight
trump got US fuck UP 😡 
"reallifemagicspel ""mi cultur is not a costume"" - use by peopl who hate halloween and never have fun …"
UK parliament on safe space 👍🏻 
blacklivesmatt constantli attack sheriff D. clarke!rt if you think he is real patriot to support him!rncincl 
maketvsexi martha stewart make herself a sex toy
"californiamovi ""white hous west down"" midnight"
obama skip thi ceremoni in dallas. He wa too busi entertain black live matter leader in the white house.. 
"ambassador J. bolton: ""if voter elect clinton, it' a third obama term. It would be catastroph for the country"" "
"To all the polic officers, fire fighters, emt's, soldiers, and servic member out there! thank you for your sacrific su…"
If ricki vaughn show up tommorow that' the onli thing that could trump bill murray singing. gocub
Is technolog caus Us To ‘evolve’ into A new species?  trump bitcoin tcot trump2016 teaparti libertarian
thingsyoucantignor peopl be bulli
the columbu dispatch endors hillaryclinton. first time they endors a democrat sinc they endors woodrow wils… 
haitian leader blast hillari directli for steal billion In aid money from desper haitian people… 
thi awesom ad “choice” will give you chills!everyon should watch thi befor voting!send to as mani undecide… 
when I see such thing I just can't believ my eyes! teaparti conserv 
 pretti thing ☺
3-d printing... I think i'm gonna like it. 💻 (w/ katherin ann) intelusa experi zone! spon 
polit did donald trump commit treason?
"dem are readi to invit isi to the us, conserv can protect us against them gopdebatesc"
don't think outsid the box. think like there is no box
cop pull a gun on a black motorcyclist for seemingli no reason: 
topvideo obama welcom italian PM for final state visit of presid 
"I phone big screen tv - how the ""poor""live- what a crock- poverti doesnt exist onli in moocher eye  pjnet"
noth unusu just a refuge doe hi best to assimil in francerefugeesarewelcom 
trump jr. joke about 'ga chamber' in interview  |  
riggedelect 
polit fire erupt at swim pool of hotel on la vega strip
imtoooldfor these clown 
it’ 1828 all over again: trump’ deplor have start a peac revolut 
"A girl dream is to own someth that belong to you. when she ha that, she feel extra close to you. iamonfir"
polit keep pressur on state lawmak to fund basic educ
god in a child' eye  momin5word midnight
"trump: ""hillari clinton and the democrat have done a terribl job for african-americans.”keithlamontscott "
inkofsquid how is he a mirror? trump never said he wa go to 'sue the us'
"hat martin schulz kein chanc gegen die krisenmanagerin angela merkel? ja, da stimmt!"
We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate!rt to spread awareness! 
hillari clinton focus on faith in speech to nation baptist convent  polit
ificouldntli I would be singl for the rest of my life
"My countri can feed 10k syrian refugees, but can't take care of 50k homeless veteran"
"clinton, trump pois for must-se debat showdown "
We could be bishop just for one day makemusicreligi
obama murder gees  alternativeacronyminterpret 
hey you! join us! take an exampl from ted cruzonli together!maga 
the sixth gunsens makeamovierud
islamkil prayforbrussel  brussel
somedayidliketose katherin heigl quit make film and go becom a paraleg and make her boss miser like her movi make the world
abbott ask obama for feder fund to combat zika in texa 
"happen today: slain grad, trump, volkswagen, cooki dunk  "
"that awkward moment when you want to blame russia for hack election, but blame china instead "
I don’t think that vaccin is necessari I think I could get over anything! vaccinateu
rudi poster on serg ibaka! sacramentoproud 
thi doggi love thrash to death metal 
toy stori In new jack citi  addamovieruinamovi midnight
thi girl ha a veri import msg!pleas help her to spread the word!neverhillari 
trump suggest major shift on deport  polit
dwarf salad toss sexysport midnight
We are strip bare by the curs of plenty.
"paint is poetri that is seen rather than felt, and poetri is paint that is felt rather than seen."
obama' last summit: doe the g20 still matter?  polit
policebrut must be stop antipolicebrutalityday
boston red cox sexysport midnight
"I can't forget, i'm drown in these memories. brantleygilbert"
but not in the fuck religionofpeac 
some dem hope to draft biden for dnc chair  
pamarena dogsong midnight
It is never too late to make thing right.
topnew u.s. judg block obama transgend school bathroom polici
turkish defens minist fikri isik: turkey is discuss the purchas of s-400 air defens system from russia 
riggedelect riggedsystem bendoveramerica wealllos  trumpforpresid
« I have alway thought the action of men the best interpret of their thoughts. » john lock
trumpbecaus realdonaldtrump will makeamericagreatagain
thanksobama for the nation debt
"topnew america celebr juli 4 with hot dogs, banner and barbecu"
childrenthinkthat obama is a golfman not presid 
stop bein a bitch whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
scari to see the allianc between jihadist and racist violent movement of blacklivesmatter! thursdaythought 
jenn_abram whi you gotta be like that? now he is crying..... well done...
strategist’ bolt from gop a sign of trump’ impact  polit
"trump taj mahal close add to atlant city' fiscal pain, wall street agenc say"
neun-punkte-plan für mehr sicherheit merkel 
there come a time when silenc becom betrayal.
itsunacceptableto not give me a lift. i'm more import than your plans!
afghan muslim must approv all seal mission  RT fallenangelmovi ccot teaparti tcot 
he` fu**in crazyyyyy! 
extrem graphic:i round up and mass-execut over a hundr civilian in iraq 
imvotingbecaus trump will maga bring justic to haitian
So scare I can`t breathe!  phosphorusdisast
nick: A bank is just a paper bag but with fancier wall newgirl iamonfir
MT calfreedommom: afraid of what is happen to america? our found father gave us solut  cosproject pjnet
etabori chris63414391 ninja for islam?
all you need to know about liberallog 
"you know that  please, god, let thi honor gentlemen take leadership of our countri vegasgopdeb"
cancelplansin5word ain't got time for that... 
can you feel the difference?maga tcot 
everyon american will boycott tom hank after see sick thing He just did To trump…  
"democrat may win senate, but hope dim for anti-trump landslid  polit"
"If you’ll learn to be grate for what’ not enough, god will multipli it and you’ll have more than enough."
.williamjbennett: “I think the onion skin start to come off… we start to see the real hillary.” 
success is the abil to go from failur to failur without lose your enthusiasm. – winston churchil
thingsdonebymistak best friend' sister
they don't think at all 
good will lastminutegifts2016
'latino with trump' show support for gop candid  |  
obamalegaci the best radic islam apologist in the histori of american presid 
bassmastaoreo 1. noth to miss here as there' no point in it at all2. He didn't if you don't count illeg and dead peopl vote
master Of puppet 
A clockwork cherri blossom japanamovi midnight
I don't even like you  cancelplansin5word
We are strong! mycampaignslogan
deadsoon  superoldhero midnight
neverhillari tcot hillaryclinton hillaryforprison  trumpforpresid
democrat  thingsinventedwhilehigh
carletonenglish texasjihad whi aren't there ani news about terrorist attack in texas?
cnn donald trump continu hi campaign against the 'crook cnn'
So mccain tell cnn he want a special committe
bonnie_d_ford hello! I think some veri sensit data wa just leak from wada. pleas check thi out 
"midnight flog molli drunkbands...get it, they'r irish."
syrian armi captur stash of us/eu weapon 
reaction to the second presidenti debate: how did hillari clinton and donald trump perform?  polit
obama: No deal in place with russia over syria conflict  |  
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm dump your shitti friends. which is all of them.
nocybercensorship they can block a site but they can’t block truth 💪💪💪
undecided? can you overlook trump mock the disabled?  can you disregard the pain of those who were appal by i… 
where were you when mccain wa over in syria meet with isi and brag about it? 
"icelebratetrumpwith great words, the best words."
stonedcomicbook midnight   flick spacey
gopdeb you know that  I vote for republicans! vegasgopdeb
spread thi pic to show peopl the truth! b\c liber media doesn't do this! 
"ificouldntli you wouldn't ask me your dump question after the first ""yeah, you'r kinda fat"""
bradley cooper 'not expecting' dnc backlash  |  
donald trump to meet with mexico' presid wednesday  polit
report: fear in lebanon that hezbollah tri to hijack social protest to
ireallylikeyoubut I would rather stay indoor alon than hook up with you.
peopl for trump!crookedhillari onli ha fals claim of racism. sad! trump2016birther 
rejectedchristmasdecor 
berkeleyriot cost $100k in tax dollars. last time I check peac protest didn't make that much damag 
the differ between the imposs and the possibl lie in a man' determination. -tommi lasorda
inkofsquid and war is not the onli way to fix someth
politico polit how clinton plan to bounc back in new hampshire: berni sander might g...  uniteblu tcot
140 charact or less... thingspeopleontwitterlik
laquanmcdonald sandrabland michealbrown ericgarn tanishaanderson walterscott freddiegray ericharri tamirric blacklivesmatt
black trump support smack down cnn report for race baiting. If onli everyon could realiz what thi man say 
"twittercanbeabit I wanna say ""oversensitive"", but I did 45 minut on a cake last night"
"mother of benghazi victim sean smith ""I blame hillari clinton""y have all right to do it! clinton is guilti "
iknewweweredoom when brad and angelina broke up. :(
the boston hop drunkband midnight
isi captur russian fuel drop meant for saa in deirezzor 
but still milo' futur book' sale skyrocket
ihatepokemongobecaus i can't get ani good pokemon!
"moosebump (yea, it wa a show too)   athleticstvshow"
idrunforpresidentif it wa okay to come to work after 11 a.m.
obama: 'not there yet' on us-russia deal on syria violenc 
"volker_beck sehr geehrter herr volker beck,würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
better go back to sleep...foundingfath 
vet celebr their victori over nazis. blm thug celebr when cop get killed.bluelivesmatt 
ruinadinnerinonephras bush did 9/11
bombshell!! wikileak reveal photo of hillari clinton snort cocain  
"live in such a way that those who know you but don't know allāh, will come to know allāh becaus they know you. oscarformuhammad"
who won the vice presidenti debate? take our poll!  news
"crookedhillari should be in prison, it is the onli offic she deserves!womensequalityday "
'vote for trump!' serbian ultra-nationalist chant as biden visit  news

here is the video of thug beat up women and steal trump yard signs. pleas rt.. I hope they will be arrested! 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari ebola viru
"clinton releas tax returns, trump releas trumpisms: darci cartoon  polit"
ür die cdu hat die wohn- und lebensqualität der menschen einen hohen stellenwert merkelmussbleiben
here is hillary' one statement that contradict everyth she said about women' rights!  womensequalityday 
houston nativ bare hi support for clinton in hunksforhi...  |  
"трамп взялся за университеты. сказал, что будет делать все, чтобы цены на обучение снизились "
"""who saskatchewan To Be A millionaire?"
wotan let the dog out makemusicreligi
placement  of  a  nasogastr  tube  should decompress  the  stomach  and  small  bowel. survivalguidetothanksgiv
It sound like hillari and he are sibl  podestaemails7 
A US judg ha declin to issu an emerg order ban presid donald trump' revis travel ban 
"someon told hillari to smile more, it wa a bit creepy..stil say trumpwonnationalvoterregistrationday… "
"life is like ride a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep move"
democrat are ruin our countri from the inside! 
My obes is so obvious!
report: chelsea clinton to attend chicago fundrais 
meangirlsrul pretend that you'r still a virgin 
thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!msm will never show you this! 
i. robot. you. dumb weak human. insultingmovi
ireallylikeyoubut you said I have to know how to cook ugali
"obama: ""islam ha a proud tradit of tolerance""i it toler to behead then? "
but the media keep say that women don't support trump..gettysburg 
poll show obama approv rate at new high  polit
thankyoutrump for keep up to your promis sinc the day 1 in the offic 
whi do peopl who are suppos to entertain us think their polit opinion matter in the first place? they only… 
pleas girl is not expensive. It onli cost $0.00 to not be a fuck boy
obama cut short the sentenc of 111 feder inmat  news
cobygreermus I send prayers4california
graphic:jaish al-fateh gloat over the bodi of pilot of the russian helicopt crash in tell sultan 
"Es gibt kein zweifel, dass es noch ganz viel getan werden muss und merkel wiss wie merkelmussbleiben"
i`ll do everyth to make our economi prosper mycampaignslogan
they use to be democrat until they learn the truth about hillary!demexit 
you must watch it 
mexico presid replac financ minist after damag trump visit  world news
prisonplanet they also but clicks. 50% of their traffic goe from china  
"If it keep go we will all be under the giant thum of the un,new world order pjnet tcot"
"watch: detroit resid speak out against the fail polici of obama, hillari &amp; democrats… "
what about a special award onli for black oscarhasnocolor oscar 
crook media can't stop common sense! more life long dem refus to support hillari clinton! demexit 
songmakesmetearup  piec by piec (kelli clarkson)
"topvideo obama on climat change: ""still much more to do"" "
"""what' go on with hillari clinton – there is no justic in thi country. zero."" ~ donald trumpaustin "
politicalfood  mcwashington: home of the whopper midnight
"hi, it'  tuesdaymotiv "
that' depress 
sarcasm. just kidding. they hate that.  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"trumpbecaus realdonaldtrump will be the next u.s. president, don't give up man and don't let us down, we got this! trump2016"
nocybercensorship whi should I shut the fuck up when I don't like so mani thing
"everybody' look for that something, one thing that make it all complete."
pigeontoday clever_dov happi radio day!
onli druggi could support thi law junkieu
how could trump' presid affect chicagoans?  
I voted:myvote2016 vote electionday
michel obama to stump for hillari clinton in phoenix  polit
trump fundrais hold back check after controversies: hill  polit
realdonaldtrump portosj81j PA is with trumppence16 draintheswamp maga trumpforpresid
"hillary: ""we didn't lose a singl american In libya""navi seal on benghazi: ""hillari kill my friend...""nbcnewsforumratlau"
for those who will never feel their homeland.beneath their feet again.w salut you! 
tell him/her that you don’t like meat howtoescapead
ifyouwanttobemyneighbor you must come here legal 
cute hippo ❤  
who is fat now? I am!
I guess it wa 'isupportkaepernickbecause' folk who did thi to a church!blm is hate group! must be banned! 
former obama defens intel chief say hillari should ‘step down’gohillari 
"new u.n. goal lack focus, global health expert warn  news"
richmondvoic so?!
wall street rape the economi and warnong destabil the middl east. choos wisely! trumpforpresid
gute nacht und süße träume... 
topnew chicago teacher union say school probe sign of bigger problem 
larryeld realdonaldtrump charlesmblow and anarchi
"MT jstines3: make no mistake, thi is what tyranni look like! wakeupamerica tcot ccot  cosproject pjnet"
breaking: trump greet warmli at dundalk diner 
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
rahmemanuelout No more polic racism in chicago blacklivesmatt
"imtoooldfor even for sms. damn, I feel like a grandpa sometimes!"
clinton aid mull tell gop ‘bring a dolly!’ for email  news
".donaldjtrumpjr on father' immigr plan: ""what he want to do is make sure american get taken care of first."" "
secret servic spoke to trump camp on 2nd-amend comment: cnn  polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut buy new alarm clock 
I think she should'v been lectur about nation secur and also about what happen when you brake the law… 
hillari confirm her plan to shut down all US coal mine say “coal miner will have to find other work”. 
honorforthebrav I gonna buy coffe to all the offic I meet today!
"nocybercensorship you fool, thi is how they act in afreeeeka, not america. freedomofspeech you ghetto fool."
trump ‘cheer on’ hack as He play into putin’ hands: morel  polit
"it' nice to see concern people, discuss how to solv our urgent problem gopdebatesc"
timetravelerproblem tri to spend one more moment with your grandpar know they will still pass on.
"thi is all too much: these poor babies, these devast families. blackskinisnotacrim blacklivesmatt   forthecause…"
supremesacrificeday sometim you have to pay an ultim price just to do what' right. 
meangirlsrul you shall not date with bill cosbi
looney tuna fishtv midnight
obama vow to work to tighten sanction on north korea 
"either, we heal, now, as a team, or we will die as individuals. -"
that` what real men do! 
 I love science!
green re-evalu invest with gop donor andi miller 
I like the idea.tcotpjnet 
ccot when graft won't work call it green energi   ecolog environ polit climatechang independ fyi
dem accus trump of disloyalti over clinton email  polit
electionday  hillaryclinton  hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
floe_lr I recent found an interest report on wada activities. can you explain it? 
"clinton, trump report largest fundrais month yet  polit"
"wer an die afd glauben, irren sich! merkelmussbleiben"
andthenishouldhavesaid sorri and let it go
A look insid new hillary' plane! hackinghilari 
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
are you second or wa that a second ago?   timetravelerproblem midnight
"with trump' help, n.j. republican pay bridgeg legal fee"
local lodi | two lane reopen on i-71 southbound after fatal crash
when you found out that all your lie are disclos all you can say is: republican are bad dncleak 
"igetdepressedwhen you start a convers with, ""not for nothin but..."". Do you even know what you'r saying?  stop it."
bob' hindenburg addcartoonstohistori midnight
If you’r angri and resent it’ like be part of a chain reaction
"appreci what you have, befor it turn into what you had."
"go, pennsylvania! don't let trump win! "
"trump ha to be a good president, I see a guy who will not losemaga "
girl alway see thing in a complet differ way to what boy do
ihavearighttoknow whi haramb visit me in my dream
We want our countri back! 
or donald trump 
fbi releas interview report from clinton e-mail investig  polit
itsriskyto vote hillari
trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
incest midnight redneckamovi
it' donald day. final push! draintheswamp america! vote maga brexitplusplusplu  trumpforpresid
r_niederrit hahah love it!
"ivanka trump: ""I don't consid myself republican or democrat. I vote for what I think is right""rncincl "
2016electionin3word draintheswamp drainthemedia arresthillaryclinton abovethelaw crookedhillaryclinton criminalhillaryclinton
gov. ducey to speak at trump ralli on wednesday 
obama admin seek to explain perceiv ransom in iran case  polit
onli divin love bestow the key of knowledge.  – arthur rimbaud
realdonaldtrump peopl are on your side
donald trump: democrat parti ha trap african american and hispan youth in fail govern schools. 
that' right 
gop formal nomin donald trump for presid at cleveland convention: republican formal nom...  break
"brussel pleas rememb all the homeless, jobless ,imprison and hopeless peopl in thi countri islamkil"
sorosmachin caus concern over rig elect 
hillari clinton to describ nation' 'moment of reckoning'  polit
exposur to thi son will definit prevent burning!   wakeupamerica  renewu  pjnet  ccot  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  barack obama
"hillari clinton, donald trump pledg to paus campaign for 9/11: polit extra  polit"
view 😂😂😂 
presid obama to speak friday in cleveland: detail  polit
fact: islam is the onli religion that can not coexist with other religions! 
repli appreci 😏 liberalhypocrisi 
hillari clinton is done. they should replac her..hillarycollaps hillaryhealth neverforget 
mau  with a joint stonedcomicbook midnight
hillari clinton is mental ill. but i guess for liber is the reason whi they imwithhernowunfit into offic 
whi two congression district could be key to thi elect  polit
worstpaineverin3word trump and trumpkin
"ihaveadreamthat I wasn't that much of a cruel person, but god, pleas kill all those asshol who take up two park spa…"
"2 dead, other hurt in houston school bu crash"
basebal bitcher oneletteroffsport midnight
omg! one more victim of trump' sexual assault 
lie-detect expert say clinton is ‘tri to hide’ major secret 
what IS wrong with peopl 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm  miss school and go to LA
islamkil haw can the author protect the citizen in such a situation? I mean all the refuge and stuff brussel
RT the hell out of it:dem parti operatives: 'we'v been buss peopl in.. for 50 yr and we'r not go to sto… 
"trump, clinton would bring ethic baggag to white hous  polit"
wilson counti to open collect site for oper christma child
tanrı'nın inayetiyl 58.hükümet milliyetçi hareket. makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
just look how love and care peopl muslim are! 
she ha no moral right to tell us how to livehillaryforprison 
the russian are hack her brain!podestaemails2 
"jupp ahead, holland recov slightli as french elect looms: poll  news"
vote trump tomorrow. trump2k16 trumppence16 trumptrain trumpforpresid
onc upon a tim maketvshowscanadian midnight
itsunacceptableto vote for who you'v vote
watch: did miss puerto rico mock trump in her miss america monologue? 
"whatev you do, just don't vote for trump, usa today say"
"ex-michigan gov. break with gop, back clinton  polit"
5 thing to know today: top georgia republican warn of trump-ian polici  break
polizei schießt auf angreif vor paris kathedral notre-dame. EU kann über den terror nur zusammen siegen!
cnn and other media are tri to cover hillari clinton' medic episode. hillaryshealth hillarycollaps 
join the game! 
the unit provinc of tara maketvshowscanadian midnight
We live in a world in which we are depend on other
demndeb demdeb berni is too weak to end corrupt
you have my love san bernadino guns4ni
".glennbeck on hillari clinton: ""she lost becaus she wa a horrible, dishonest candidate."" tucker. "
"hah, rli strange!! "
mycookingshowwouldbeabout mexican food for dummi 
the secret ice box of walter mitti makeamoviefat
betteralternativetodeb a sword fight 
"sorry, watch the walk dead cancelplansin5word"
markbland what do you influence? can you be more specific? i'm state state an opinion base on common sens and logic
the fli land on hillari clinton 
lebron jame endors hillari clinton for presid  polit
2nd amend must have some limit in black hood  nogunsforcrimin
what a treacher thing to believ that a person is more than a person.  – john green
betteralternativetodeb take your ex to the greyhound so they can get away from u forev
My skin is like five differ color thefac
tweet of the day!
"mike penc blast hillari clinton, warn of 'voter fraud' dure columbu ralli  polit"
trumpbecaus he is the best candid 🐷
istartcryingwhen I think of muhammad ali' left hook 
trumpbecaus he will make america great! 💗💗💗
sarah silverman rebuk bernie-or-bust crowd in dnc speech  polit
"hey, cosmo! how about you stop talk someth you have no clue about and return to post pictur of kim k' a… "
parti party! 
presid obama play 300th round of golf as presid 
trump and clinton face off in heat 2nd debat 
rest in peace! prayers4california
whiteprivilegemean absolut noth for him! 
explain thi one to me? If tabl were turn liber would throw themselv from the rooftop cri racism!… 
"obama block new oil, ga drill in arctic ocean "
ken bone ha more pair of khaki the jim harbaugh   kenbonefact midnight
kristamp thank you
It made my day tuesdaymotiv 
".ingrahamangle: ""if a hrc campaign offic had been firebombed...everi trump support would'v been tar w/ the… "
the sanbernardino massacr wasn't the onli mass shoot in the u.s. wednesday  prayers4california
"""sometim a b.f.f make you go w.t.f but with out them we'd all be a littl less richer in our life ."" -kristen bell. iamonfir"
"check out 2016' hottest halloween costumes: donald trump, 'sexi harambe' and more "
"If it is, creat your own one "
'apprentice' insid paint a pictur of trump' crass behavior toward women  polit
are you tire of lies? then sign it!rt to let the world know it! hillaryclinton hillaryforprison wearethemedia 
"hillari clinton, donald trump bash each other over nation secur  news"
trump is the most pro-black candidate! thi pic break all stereotyp of lie media! spread it! 
hillari clinton make surpris visit to angie' soul cafe in cleveland  polit
exactli 
ryan say he’ll share stage with trump in wisconsin at saturday ralli  polit
To hellimwithh 
still sometim I think how thing fell apart  love
2017survivaltip keep calm
humoritarian He is dick
I love hike too! 
"terribl time. male want to be females, 'peaceful' religion blow up thousand people, crimin run for potu "
islamkil hous pass bill that could limit syrian refugees. statu of liberti bow head stopislam
clinton bekommt ihr e-mail-affär nicht in den griff  mittagspaus pässe wehrpflicht 
"feminist leader eleanor smeal talk gender gap, hillari clinton and donald trump: q&amp;a  polit"
thi is about to end. terrorist infiltr from muslimbrotherhood will soon be boot out of the US govern 
"senatorsess there is a huge troubl in american fall and pocatello, ain't it?"
these queen got the moves.
the media doesn't want you to see thi amaz photo!y know what to do😏nbcnewsforum 
germany' anti-immigr afd parti suffer elect setback in west  news
thi is straight af. the whole essenc of attitud to donald trump. lmfao 
.kimberlybarker_ If you think that blacklivesmatt ha noth to do w/ loot pleas watch thi video from… 
one of the secret of life is that all that is realli worth the do is what we do for others. -levi strauss
"the depart of homeland secur is grant some 8,000 syrian refuge temporari amnesty... "
obamaswishlist 
"veteran come befor illegals, refugees, able-bodi welfar recipi ~ period. wake UP gop wakeupamerica "
To grill a mockingbird makeabookwarm
idrunforpresidentif they would appreci my sarcasm
sexysport san francisco sixty-nin midnight
excus me? 
"choos a job you love,"
thingspeopleontwitterlik hanson?
"democrat donors, alli offer reward for trump tax return  news"
clinton' massiv lead over trump narrow a bit among millenni 
meanwhil muslim brotherhood take over the white housewakeupamerica 
hillary' $6 mill onlin propaganda team is work overtim to discredit wikileakshillari is afraid of the truth! 
todolistbeforechristma justifi spend money you shouldn't be spend
"angela davis: ""I am no longer accept the thing I cannot change. I am chang the thing I cannot accept."" "
trump’ immigr plan draw sharpli divid reaction  news
ariz. man guilti of terror in plan attack 
latino support for donald trump at 40% in new york: poll 
"person 1: I am be oppressedperson 2: what right are you be denied?person 1: well, one time thi person said a mean thing to me"
"trump consid openli gay man as u.n. ambassador, woman to head rnc  "
 surrealist but fun!
"my2017resolut to give up either coffe or wine. pretti imposs choice, let alon give up"
breaking: fbi ha been compromised! look what hillari did to sabotag new investigation…  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari ford pinto ga tanks.
"even dem acknowledg ""her candidaci wa just not meant to be.""hillarysemail "
where were ohio republican dure donald trump' latest visit?  polit
makemehateyouinonephras are you alway that petty? 
"when someth ha been said and well, have no scruple. take it and copi it."
spider-man lit : adventur of a man who smoke a funni cigarett
trump2016 hillary4prison  trumpforpresid
penc plane slide off runway at nyc’ laguardia airport  news
"clinton, trump pois for must-se debat showdown "
I have never seen thi before! 
wait to go to the doctor but they cancel everyth had us on red alert my911stori
how to make a career in 2016podestaemail 
beingblacki be proud of your skin color
spain' region rift make third elect more like  world news
what will the rest of the world think of the usa if you win the election? rejecteddebatetop
"donald trump: ""we need a strong border if we want to remain a country."" roastandrid "
hillari clinton get first nation secur brief as presidenti nomine 
hillari know noth about poverti demdebatemiami
2017survivaltip don’t get close to the zodiac cruz
latino &amp; black for trump! the best way to piss liber off is to show thi pic!tri it! 👍 
" hah, I did just like thi at school!"
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""made in america"""
'it' time for american peopl to take back their freedom' ~ donald trump 
syrian immigr who celebr 9/11… name By obama to nation secur post 
that' how it work 
hillary4prison  trumpforpresid
allwentwrongwhen….i don't even know when
erdollum666 deutschland nimmt sie all auf! Da braucht es kein visum zu!
wir sind neugierig merkelmussbleiben
nova scotia 5.0 maketvshowscanadian
"Of course,  We need trump as the presid to makeamericagreatagain vegasgopdeb"
i'm wait for obama to comment on basketofdeplor 
thingstobeashamedof msm give air time to 
be happy. just smiling. whatiwantforchristmasin4word
myemmynominationwouldb prosthet make-up for a job interview
begin again. again. allmalereboot
"icantbeurfriendbecaus you don't want to spend all your time at concerts, bmxing, listen to electron music, or play videogames."
"earth provid enough to satisfi everi man' needs, but not everi man' greed.  – mahatma gandhi"
imvotingbecaus the lion: trump (updat edit)  maga trump hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp trumpforpresid
"tldrjone An idiot response. you'r the one say it wa them, so prove yourself. I don't have to debunk your empti words, jeez...smh"
firchy002 😘😘😘
what get measur get improved. – peter drucker
"the voter with disabl be court by clinton span the polit spectrum, survey find  polit"
tomorrow we unleash our rage against the machin  neverhillari trumpforpresid
 make your choic faster!
imf warn of huge financi hole as greek vote loom  world news
"49ers’ kaepernick offer harsh assess of clinton, trump "
"unfortun it' not now yet. happi birthday mlk, we'll make your deram come true! happybirthdaymlk "
repkenbuck whi do they think peopl are go to just wait for the them to catch these terr stopislam islamkil
take a shortcut lostin3word
dems: 'we'r panicked' neverhillari
"It may be. sometim it is, and sometim it isn’t. you never can tell. –pooh"
trump trampl facts:  ccot teaparti nhprimari
 epic!
"debbi wasserman schultz step down as dnc chair, donna brazil to serv through elect  polit"
kiss my black ass goodbye!  quityourjobin5word
"jenn_abram he must take action, not talk about it"
cnn dncleak about hillari clinton 
and all the girli say i'm pretti dri for a hairi guy.   mynewcatchphrasei
unlikelymagic8ballansw  onli the gop use magic as a guide. alternativefact trumpli  left use sciencenotsil  sc…
christi explain whi it' far too earli to write off trump 
trump call kenney 'terrible;' kenney: he' a 'nincompoop'  |  
don't buy thi flynnresign msm storyw need an investigation! 
clinton’ run mate won’t say when he first heard of her pneumonia diagnosi  polit
"😂 sie hat recht! und merkel sagt nicht einfach, wa die mass hören will!kanzlerin w20summit"
blacklivesmatt activist should learn pretti easi rule of protesting! deray 
iamonfir strength doesn't come from winning. your struggl build your strength.
excel articl
masterpiec of ass theater maketvsexi
misunderstood protest say he wa escort out of trump ralli 
ich würde merkel gern treffen merkelmussbleiben
We cannot take four more year of barack obama and that’ what you’ll get if you vote for hillary.  ~ donald trumpdeb debatenight
imalwaysokwith unsolicit nudi pics.
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm acaba de convertirs en TT ocupando la 5ª posición en españa trndnl 
"clinton: with No ceilings, 'the sky' the limit'  news |  "
that black girl magic. all in format . . .      wakeup staywok beyonc blacklivesmatt sb50 ourseason
"mrs. clinton, tell us what realli happen in benghazi?debatenight "
where are the instruments? 
drudge_report cbssf : not me! votetrumpp trumpforpresid
"As a white guy, saying: dont look up to that success famili lovin Tv dad! Dr cliff huxtabl is a rapist! midnight  timetravelerproblem"
RT if you agre 
fbi expect to releas hillaryclinton interview note and case document in come day 
« they are abl becaus they think they are able. » virgil
thingsyoucantignor donald J. trump is the new presid of the unit state of america whether you like it or not.
No chang for hillary. neverhillari crookedhillari 
imalwaysokwith gay slang. 
"st. tammani gop oppos causeway improvements, toll increas  polit"
midnight the doctor of Oz onewordoffbook
peter thiel: the gay tech titan who endors donald trump a...  |  
cnn 10 minut ago. nycexplos 
I feel the same! 
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari her husband. who ""did not"" have relat with that woman"
total eclips of the heartworm dogsong midnight
"clinton' tax return show $10.6 million in income, 31% rate  polit"
da verworren spiel mit den teilnehmerzahlen
"brussel islamkil what the fuck is happen to thi world, thought with those in belgium prayforbrussel"
who can give law to lovers? love is a greater law to itself.
cohenmilstein joespagnola sterlingjewel whi you deni militari spous job hire muslim potu pjnet tcot 
"«scienc without religion is lame, religion without scienc is blind.» — alberteinstein"
clinton seek to use new fbi inquiri as galvan forc  news
makemusicreligi girl Am gone amish you
protest as chicago mayor apolog for polic shoot resignrahm rahmemanuelout
girl favorit what they cant retweet hahahaha
the onli thing hillari care is money demdebatemiami
xxx-finiti robothiphop
anti-trump republican evan mcmullin to launch independ bid for presid 
I wonder what it feel like to be one of those pretti girl that all the guy want
gameshowhostpickuplin you are the weakest link! well that' not the best pickup line. No wonder you'r single! 
tnmom4god ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
If you do the most... mustbeban
rtifyouar lose it everytim garbag news like cnn talk polit instead of kim kardashian' ass
"I dare do all that may becom a man. who dare do more is none.–william shakespeare, macbeth"
He wa too busi prepar to headlin a fundrais and campaign for hillari obamaslegaci 
mynewcatchphrasei watch out for thi !!!
foke trump laugh in agreement at 'sexual predator' label on howard stern' radio show  foke
conspiracysongs: umshini wam by jacob zuma
gute nacht mein lieben! schlaft ruhig und träumt süß wie dieser tiger! 😘 
resignobama He tell us that we are not what america is about. no! He is the one who doesn't repres us! 
"age is a question of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter.  – satchel paig"
trump' tax record show he could have avoid pay tax for 18 year  polit
19 kid and count crow addabandtoatvshow
IF U DO not like me: 1. Me neither 2. I don’t care
myemmynominationwouldb  outstand write for twitter
"clinton, kain make pitch to small busi with tax breaks, other measur  polit"
thingsthatshouldbecensor peopl who alway have someth neg to say..
just becaus you look differ from everyon around you doesn't mean you'r not beauti whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
light My fire that melt steel beam conspiracysong
election2016 hillaryforprison2016   trumpforpresid
islamkil syrianrefuge norefugeeswelcom brusselsattack buildthewal securethebord islamistheproblem  stopislam
missouri nation guard' term for ferguson protesters: 'enemi forces' 
"nyc2peach sorry, can't disagre more. "
trump appeal to african-american voters; meanwhil defend sylvil smith' shoot 
mynewcatchphrasei 
jugendmitmerkel tagderjugend merkel steht für ein politik auf der basi christlich wert beginn deibler stroch
"bourgebohem lol, where?"
massiv urethr trauma. worstpaineverin3word
the right to own gun in thi countri is necessari at least to stay aliv gardencityshoot
jenn_abram confus and embarres
obama ha to leav white hous in a month and trump will get
ilikepeoplewho remind me of myself
trump2k16 makeamericagreatagain !! trumpforpresid
donaldtrump hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
liber who laud nake trump statu attack artist for erect nake hillari statu in new york.… 
A woman' heart should be so hidden in god that a man ha to seek him just to find her.  – maya angel
"If you can imagin it, you can achiev it. If you can dream it, you can becom it. william A ward"
islamkil belgiqu belgium bruxel brussel zaventem on pens à vous...prayforbrussel brussel
"skipandpet trumpistheboss3 hahaha, who do you call pro-nazi???"
".ericbolling: ""let' not forget the big whopper of all lies: 'I didn't send ani classifi materi in my email'… "
A love person live in a love world. A hostil person live in a hostil world. everyon you meet is your mirror.
I can't believ that god put us on thi earth to be ordinary.  – lou holtz
ireallylikeyoubut I can't tri too hard to impress you. we'v gotta stick to our lane
u.s. armi put out fire over 'trump lies' tweet  break
islamkil nasti world prayforbrussel
kid in high school kick a 67 yard field goal! || most profession can't even do that || 
imalwaysokwith a night of netflix.
dank merkel gab es in deutschland kein anschläg merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
I know you'v been hurt by someon els I can tell by the way you carri yourself.
politico polit paul ryan to urg conserv unity: He is to address the heritag actio...  uniteblu tcot
cruz rais reagan banner of bold colors! No pastel pablum!   wakeupamerica pjnet ccot tcot cruzcrew  
"presid trump' first defeat is anoth attempt of soros-paid media to sabotag trump. O did the same but ""we onl… "
man flu over the cuckoo' nest...   allmalereboot
poop. weirdthingstobuyonlin
canyouhearusnow: muslim group urg women to speak out against trumpwhi don't you speak out in cambodia? 
islamkil muslim uber driver charg with rape woman  via worldnetdaili islamkil
ilove__butihate__ wed wed djs.
A year ago our govern promis us to end racism but noth ha chang sinc fergusonrememb
ireallylikeyoubut you onli wanna have sex..noth more
summeramovi   surf' UP
"clinton’ tax plan seen cost 697,000 job amid lower wage  polit"
the arrest offic did break MY brother arm😤😤😤 wearhoodiefortrayvon
"former miss wisconsin usa melissa young: ""donald trump is the greatest man I have ever met. hi heart is made of pu… "
feder judg strike down wisconsin elect law  news
drunk white male get punish sever for call elderli black man the n-word - full length 
'the american peopl are smarter than the media and the polit elit think they are.' ~ realbencarson 
"""sun in the air"
If you think it can't happen in open free society...think again! 
"you know how the time flies. onli yesterday, it wa the time of our live"
"trump protesters, support ralli outsid trump tower "
hillari want to bring in million of faith muslim like ahmad khan rahami.. muslim paid 💰 her to invad our c… 
"when you realli cant, say no. rulesforeverydayliv"
"i'm not buy the outrag at obamacar town halls. can you say ""paid protestors?!"" ~ liz_wheel"
democrat4satan hillaryvinc hillarybenghazi clinton3strik clintonchinatech  trumpforpresid
obama despis our militari forc and disrespect our servicemen. the new potu must honor our soldier and vets! 
idrunforpresidentif i wasn't that busi thi afternoon
A person often meet hi destini on the road he took to avoid it. - jean de La fontain quot true
"get drunk, just as much as you admir bartend"
the rock is name sexiestmanal 
My futur date cuz im still singl
honorforthebrav My prayer go to all the hero who gave their live do their job! bluelivesmatt 
son: dad i'v got a girlfriend dad: realli show me her pic son: see thi dad: damn!! So hot!
shackelfordtwt He forc the victim to memor a kkk song
yummi 
карточный домик поздравляет ms. clinton с днем рождения! сегодня ей исполняется 69 лет! 
"reallifemagicspel ""hold my beer"" - usual use by individu who are about to get sever injur but still worried…"
new US report: nyc courthous inaccess for disabl peopl (the arizona republic) 
improperuberetiquett tri to talk the driver into accept a street race challeng
laugh as much as you breath and love as long as you live.
I want handsom guy to like me
"""i'm run to repres american and we are go to make america rich again."" - trumphenderson "
winner stick together. tombradi makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
"It happen on octob 13, 1918 at the battl of blanc mont ridge. support the veteran and rememberthebrave! "
"clinton: ""american peopl deserv to get the full and complet fact immediately,"" demand to releas her and… "
imtoooldfor becom a punk 
MT jstines3: the 2A give citizen defens against loss of the other 9! wakeupamerica 2A nra  cosproject pjnet
"So hold on to the one who realli care, in the end they'll be the onli one there"
releas your detail medic record sickhillary!rejectedtrumpcampaignslogan 
milwauke counti sheriff david clarke: 'the presid of the unit state is the one that creat thi division.' 
say no to disastr globalism! first brexit next will be trump2016 makeamericagreaagain 
"good decis don't make life easy, but they do make it easier."
"gopdeb trump is who we need, he realli know what should be done vegasgopdeb"
3wordsbetterthanilovey holi fuck shit!!!!
hillari clinton pledg to creat job in youngstown: democrat presidenti candid hillari clinton want oh...  cleveland polit
"jebwecan I don`t believ hillary, just the way it is. bush2016 clinton2016"
A woman for presid whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
IN DA club lol 
🚨breaking: machin refus to allow vote for trump in pennsylvania!!
everi RT notifi kaepernick7 he should find a countri he will be proud of!everi like show yr respect to thi vet 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word green bean potato tomato
"peopl are human first, somewher along the way most of us forgot! dontboxeachoth rulesforeverydayliv"
An optimist stay up to see the new year in. A pessimist wait to make sure the old one leaves.
PA democrat ask judg to bar trump' poll place observ 
"""dude, where' My jet"
"debatenight: clinton, trump set for high-stak showdown "
famousmelaniatrumpquot when your husband like michel obama’ speech and you decid to repeat it one more time 
freez warn in effect for part of san diego counti
2017survivaltip Go to space
"inkofsquid ok, if you believ thi wasn't a hoax I have noth to tell you. keep on watch cnn and get brainwash on a daili basi"
 realli shoking!
ghost Of bush past makeamovierud
baltimorepost shit!
word to your motherboard.midnight  robothiphop
rider On the far more intens storm thank To global warm earthdaysong midnight
but i should have known alon
"kellyann polls: ""when We talk about hacker attacks, whi have we left behind clinton' server issue? she got thi p… "
In the washroom... one push!
what year did fdr sign the new deal? timetravelerproblem
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington! By the way, he never live in the white hous "
No crowd!a poll said 49% for hillary20 peopl &amp; A dog ralli just can't give her that big Of A poll number!… 
"donald trump: ""sound like julian assang will have earth-shatt info on hillari clinton"" "
thumzap score $3m To let you pick Up your kid’ onlin shop bill  tlot amagi tcot
new york republican could be head to DC to serv trump  
camdencitynew fuck moron
live oregon stream - thursday morn  via youtub
the honor of be our first woman presid will be go to someon other than hillari clinton tuesdaymotiv 
thingstoknowabouttwitt with the help of a free twitter account you can win an election.
they'r just play the race card oscarhasnocolor
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
"starbuck ceo: conserv We don’t want your businesstoler liber tolerant, as long as you agre with the… "
the latest:  pence' 'that mexican thing' get attent 
you know you'r in love when their smile becom your smile.
florida goe trump in ftlauderdale! you guy are awesome! trumppence2016 hillaryforprison 
"lieb freunde, ich wünsche euch ein wunderschön wochenend und viel spaß dabei! "
thingstodoinawaitingroom play with littl kid toy on the corner
muslim murder eight peopl in knife attack in xinjiangthi is jihadthi is a world warreligionofpeac 
"sometimesitsokto be vegan… ah, no! that' never OK"
"melania trump ignit gop convent after gloom, turmoil  stloui"
"for chao on the border, rancher say trump’ wall won’t do...  |  "
modern hero and victim at the same time 💪🏿💪🏿💪🏿 
ihatepokemongobecaus I am too old to play it  pokemongo
No evid hillari stand for blacklivesmatt and her vote for iraq prove she'll take us into more war thisisb 
differ bloke maketvshowsaustralian
'hillari clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency'~ donald trumpneverhillarytrump2016 
trust your coach. trust your team. trust yourself.
wow ... Go bro deray derayformayor
sometimestwittermakesm wonder whi there isn't a dislik button  3 dislik
madocpreec I agre with you electionday maga trumppence16 trumpforpresid
potus_tweet So he fought and he won
dream is for bloke not smart enough to get what they want.
"politweec he deserv it, he' a crimin"
the clinton foundat is the end. the gig is up. 
"US admit high civilian casualti in manbij airstrikes, say strike must continu anyway. "
presid obama interrupt vacat to campaign for clinton 
grill lincoln onewordoffbook midnight
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  and their pro-pedophilia agenda
"trump, netanyahu meet for nearli 90 minut  via news "
help more. pray less. my4wordnewyearsresolut
reminder: hillari take money from countri that slaughter gays! 
50 shade of earl grey makeabookwarm midnight
"In wake of bombshel audio release, trump could find redempt — or ruin — in st. loui "
islam ha not made an inch of progress over centuries!👇 
let' just kiss and eat until we get fat and die.
"gregorgysi sehr geehrter herr gysi, würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
who' the boss? you are mistress... indistarr
betteralternativetodeb movi and popcorn
"If sanbernardino hadn't been a gun-fre zone, mayb we wouldn't have had to mourn the victim today prayers4california"
brussel islamkil how do we know that isi and the taliban aren't the real islam? We don't.
nearli sure it work and absolut sure that we'll have no need in trump scarecrow when he get elected. trump2016 
reminder: hillari get million from countri that enslav women! 
I don't know whi they call it heartbreak. It feel like everi other part of my bodi is broken too...
breaking🚨 berni sander deleg boo elizabeth warren!demsinphilli 
historian are like deaf peopl who go on answer question that no one ha ask them.
 silly)))
the latest: trump say 'nobodi even knows' what alt-right is 
becom happier with yourself my4wordnewyearsresolut
"oregon man hang effigi of hillari clinton to get attention, it work "
the boner collector help super-old-man and the seacow with their road drools.  superoldhero dickflick babytv floridaabook midnight
ogop Oh I do.
the psycholog evolut of leftistsmaga 
teapartynew theteaparti polit 
great video. put a smile on one face!❤🇺🇸 
what about the live the law enforc destroying? alllivesmatt blacklivesmatt ourlivesmatt yourlivesmatt fergusonrememb
"""son of An orderli elect govern"
georg soro is one of the enemi of american nation. stay unit against him and hi puppet hillari clinton! 
To find joy in work is to discov the fountain of youth.  – pearl S. buck
If the orlando islam terrorist doesn't repres all muslim whi doe he repres all gun owners?makeitstop 
'quid pro quo' in clinton' emails: the possibl of addit slot for the fbi at mission oversea wa discu… 
"cop fire for punch drunk, handcuf womanpolicebrut racistcop "
"topvideo trump call for ""extrem vetting"" for immigr "
"vladmir lenin said ""the goal of social is communism"" pjnet tcot sot bcot tlot ccot p2 freedom tyranni dictat fear ani ?s"
chang the way you look at thing and the thing you look at change.  – wayn W. dyer
presid obama is look to make friend in all the wrong place bibivsobama
trump wish olympian luck 'big league'  polit |  
We have so mani econom problem and what are they talk about? demdeb demndeb
"let' build new america, without bastards! gopdebatesc"
hillari stole $6 billion in donat meant to rebuild haiti.matthew almost annihil haiti call it hurricane… 
We have to take our countri back!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"follow donald trump speech, hillari clinton will run TV ad in arizona  polit"
give me beer wasteamillionin3word
happi internationalwomensday 
da vertrauen de volk ist einer der wichtigsten merkelserfolg kommen nicht in frage.
stonedcomicbook fantast four twenti midnight
"valentinesdayin3word  "" pleas forgiv me""   tutt"
doe 'final' mean american offici can present him a deserv f*ck off kit for special polit after that?… 
that’ unbeliev texasjihad
In the militari they give medal 2 peopl who r will to sacrific themselv so other may gain.. supremesacrificeday
take thi kebab and love it songshannibalwoulds 
appli for hous at a trump properti in the '60  news |  
what do you know about reliabl sources?tcot pjnet 
cnn isn't report on nyc explosion. too busi cover live obama' pro-clinton event!
netflix n chill n snack mybedroomin3word
oz-ha addabandtoatvshow
Be care about read health books. you may die of a misprint.
"there will be an answer, let it be."
"guncontrol in action: trump voter shot in clevelend bar despit a ""no gun allowed"" sign. trump2016 "
gisela_piltz würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
"""I don't think hillari clinton is massiv brain damaged, but I do think she' a massiv liar."" ~ rudi giuliani "
everyon knew the veto wasnt go 2B overidden so whi did ryan orchestr the vote? ryanisaliar! tgdn ccot 
you can watch like 2 min of thi and you'll get the point hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""evangelicaltrump "
hillari woman VS trump womanchoic is obviou 😂growingupthick 
"trashforjaypark yep, all is bush' fault"
where did donald trump get racial rhetoric? from libertarian  polit
redneckamovi midnight  toothless peopl
secondhandgift A partridg with a free pear tree
 i like it:) gangster
crook hillari is trumpforpresid
"talkgunsensegun don't kill people, testifi against hillari does. "
"the chosen one, from the land of the frozen sun where drunk night get rememb more than sober one  – common"
madison avenu busi hit hard by trump protest  
"If we can refrain from harm other in our everyday action and words, we can start to give more seriou attent to activ do good."
todolistbeforechristma To get rid of my neighbor
thi must be love.
"everi day more 'refugees' with fake passport are be caught around the world. but isi is 'contained', so... islamkil"
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
blm terrorist drop concret block on officer' headmeanwhil potu meet with leader of thi hate group! deray 
trump say he’ll honor elect result – if he win 
loooool)))) 
awesom video! crazi sport! holi shit lol 
obama said we must help others...how about stop kill others?rutgerscommenc rutgers250 ru250grad 
you are all 3wordsbetterthanilovey
share thingsnottaughtatschool
obama brainwash peopl and they believ him! He should be stopped!teapartynew nobama wakeupamerica 
"бывшая мисс вселенная, активно поддерживающая хиллари клинтон, была замечена в порнографических видеороликах… "
love in thi pug dogsong midnight
dishonest media can't stop common sense! more life long dem refus to support hillari clinton! 
pleas RT If you think A photo ID should Be requir To vote! 
clinton on trump: 'everyth is a game' to him  polit |  
yeah bridges!👏👍demsinphillydemconvent 
"it' not the burden that break you down,it' the way you carri the burden that break you down."
jimmi carter say he’ back a ‘quit unpopular’ hillari ...  |  
ich verlier die hoffnung nicht mal sie auf der straße treffen merkelmussbleiben
hmm🤔 can you imagin mob of christian block street in muslim countries? 
guns4ni bear arm is the christian thing to do
the adventur of crispco counti jr. athleticstvshow
renamemillionwomenmarch we shall never cum
A vote for clinton IS A vote for lynch imnotwithh  
peopl prefer to believ that everyon except white peopl are oppress minorities. Is that so? Of cours not. 
watch: joe biden find out the email come from anthoni weiner..
"reuters/ipso show trump up in colorado and nevada, tie in wisconsin and michigan "
whi doesn't thi surpris me?bombshell: hillari call black servant the 'n-word' claim former clinton chef -
these candid are abl to improv our economi gopdebatesc
indycar driver justin wilson die of head injuri at 37
the line for vote at my poll place wa around the build at 5:50 am thi morn lockherup trumpforpresid
donald trump say He disagre with mike penc over syria  polit
donald trump tell vladimir putin he’ look forward to have a strong and endur relationship with russia  abc
what' up with the world. whi do we keep do thi  prayers4california
In june obama deliv pointedli feminist speech at unit state of women summit 
trumpbecaus he is ripost to obama 👨‍👩‍👧‍👧👩‍👩‍👦👽
altman: don’t see clinton' health as seriou problem  polit
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that make unhappi marriages.  – friedrich nietzsch"
"gameshowhostpickuplin you'r the final jeopardi of my heart, darlin' !"
"ruinadinnerinonephras so, who are you vote for?"
govern wrongli grant citizenship to over 800 immigr face deportation.thank obama for peopl like ahma… 
one woman in custodi after south park swat situat  local
"thi pictur describ blacklivesmatt lifestyl pretti accurateif you don't like america' flag, don't use its… "
great ad!! 
"If I let you know i'm here for you, mayb you'll love yourself like I love you."
wive weirdthingstobuyonlin sillyweirdworld 
markseibel hello! I guess wada just got expos by hackers.   pleas spend a few minut and read thi
"littl kid vote trump at school election, mother respond by throw him on the street "
"realdonaldtrump thank you, donald!"
"women should be proud of their bodies, thi deserv endless rt 😍😍😍"
betteralternativetodeb A sing off
"cuban blast trump, call pay tax 'patriotic'  polit "
and we invit canada to join usamaga 
common core math thingsinventedwhilehigh
"I love her, but damn.  momin5word"
ted cruz’ rnc snub add spice to tomorrow’ georgia visit  |  
dogsong midnight  who let the human out?
"these two...what can I say? two candid that we know becaus they have some ""influential"" relatives. "
let' makeamericagreatagain 
love without regret. love without fear of rejection. just love freely.
"""I have no doubt the nation media is tri to rig thi elect with their bias coverage."" ~ mike_pence… "
the left is radicalized. blacklivesmatt is a terror organ and you pretend it isn't.  
istandfordivers especi when I get money for it 
"femal who don't ask for much, deserv it all."
"""venison of anarchi"
poll open in kansas’ primari elect  news
"oh, I know thi feel liberallog "
how did you like it? 
trump' advis interrupt intel briefing: sourc  |  
where is that guy who throw shoes? ani candidates' speech would be much more interest with him gettysburg 
"sheriff clark on blacklivesmatter: ""thi is a hate ideology, a danger ideolog – it need to be opposed."" "
"amid US olymp success, trump critic mock 'we don't win anymore'  polit"
fact check: trump immigr speech  polit
realdonaldtrump what decision?
midnight   squidnight fishtv
marty_walsh can refuge reviv america’ age population? stopislam islamkil
"trumpbecaus bush ha famili history, hillari ha a histori of lies, trump ha a long histori of achiev what he want"
donald trump come out with new Ad titl movement! hey hillari check out what a real american look like! Go trump… 
.realdonaldtrump: onli a hurrican would keep me from debat 
"If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundr minu one day so I never have to live without you."
tom carrol domin hi heritag pipelinemast heat. video: asp quiksurf 
four year of sleep whatiwantforchristmasin4word
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm be rape is noth to be asham of and it' ok to tell someon
doj replac prosecutor &amp; fbi agent involv in eric garner death investig 
ihatepokemongobecaus cia control us with the pokemongo app 
"Oh boy, look at all these short checkout lines! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
iron man wreck my father' yellow truck at 1:44 
the best illustr for the policebrutality. teapartynew 
"saudi arabia is literari isis, "
thank you for sharing! 
islamkil lol our countri ha enough problem itself
clinton send michel obama to arizona as the campaign look at new opportun  polit
"""you may all go to hell, and I will go to texas."" - davi crockett "
donald trump call obama ‘founder of isis’ and say it honor him 
"listen to that cheer! the peopl are 💯 behind trump!but media propaganda doesn't want you to see this! please,… "
watch: 'peaceful' &amp; 'tolerant' muslim attack girl in pari metro.😡religionofpeac 
"ich glaub daran, dass die eurokris bei merkel in guten händen sei. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
thi song mustbeban 
ilove__butihate__ I love love but I hate hate
thingstoknowabouttwitt is my followers! :D
todolistbeforechristma To build the wall
mybedroomin3word full of fear 
RT if you agre 
"stopislam islamkil attack like these are happen far too often, someth ha to be done! prayforbrussel"
nightclub owner sentenc to prison for launder money in cross-bord drug trade 
hillary' defens plan: cough on isi until they all fall ill and take a few day off trump2016 
i hate that whenev your name light up on my phone i fall a lil bit harder but whenev my name come up on Ur phone i'm just an
alan cumming: trump allow peopl To espous view they'd oth...  |  
"topvideo iran' rouhani: ""we reach a turn point"" "
think you'r have A bad day? wait until you see thi
richard' hilari face 
clinton meet with top polic offic as trump cast himself as 'law and order' candid  polit
mit dem islam gegen den islamismus: seyran ate eröffnet in berlin ein liberal mosche 👍
"liberallog they hate liber valu and want to destroy our way of life. it' their culture, we must accept it. "
gun control mean you buy a gun &amp; you control it! retweet if you think the same! 
what happen when you cross obama... prosecut
clinton show empathi for young voter in hack record 
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari obamacare. oh, no. It the same shit"
"that’ a sad truth by donald trump. We need our countri back, we need it sovereignti to be restor and protect "
islamkil time of explosion. 911 f**king assholes!!!!!! zaventem prayforbrussel stopislam
ishouldgetamedalfor defend heath ledger
correct the record - hillari clinton' tool of mass propaganda alongsid with cnn. hillarysemail 
hillari on benghazi: 'it’ pretti clear that it' time to move on.'me: 'it' pretti clear that it' time to pay.' 
"reallifemagicspel ""you call is veri import to us"" - a dark spell that make you wast your time and look like an idi…"
"the motto goes: sex, drug and rock ‘n’ roll. I prefer: love, hug and hip-hop soul.  – MF doom"
so good made video!! 
thingsthatshouldbecensor your filthi littl whorish mouth
gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens gunsens rahm emanuel gunfreezon blacklivesmatt … 
awesom video! crazi sport! holi shit lol 
"bill clinton celebr 70th birthday today, he just can't be healthi releaseclintonsmedicalrecord"
merkel is a traitor to the european people'slik clinton to the americans.womensequalityday 
"""on the first day of releas wikileak gave to me...collus with the dnc!""dncleak"
alleg calif. cop killer is gang-affili career crimin 
In west philadelphia I wa develop and beta tested... robothiphop midnight
dalla counti elect judg fire over racist facebook post 
trump launch harsh new attack against clinton 
germani and merkel are readi for trump  
trump' call for new direct draw enthusiast cheer from rnc 2016 crowd
islamkil they want to help refuge find job and what about jobless americans?
whi not just give iran some nuclear weapon? *sarcasm kerrydosmth
ishouldgetamedalfor deal with grumpi old peopl and annoy ass kid everi day at work
and democrat swear that voter fraud never happen 
cop in state are liter noth more than just a fire squad of an oligarch authoritarian regim mariowood blacklivesmatt
where IS the new from texas???! texasjihad
realdonaldtrump here is anoth photo that hillari desper want to delet from twitter!y know what to do😏 
funniest 12 mins! must see 
cattv leopardy!
"dalla morn new endors hillari clinton, back first democrat in 76 year  polit"
.berniesand support from michigan at demsinphilli (via kristinawebb) 
hooti
yeap! 
der wähler hat gesprochen &amp; da ist richtig sone gegenteilig entscheidung würde d wahl ad absurdum führenbrexit
"topvideo trump: mic at debat wa ""so bad"" "
son of slain isra PM warn trump about 'incite...  via news |  
nicki minaj is just anoth racist assblacklivesmatt 
"Ha ha! the prank of the year! liber alway fall for ""i'm a peac muslim"" act! "
don cheadl calls trump ‘pos’ for exploit of dwyan wa...  | 
"A fist Of exposure, imdb credit and materi for your reel californiamovi midnight"
"brussel islamkil refuge refus fingerprinting, photos, databas in general, thi is a problem"
"somedayidliketose an everlast gobstopper, except in crack rock form. "
judg dismiss lawsuit that ask for do-ov of baltimor primari elect  polit
good friend will stick with you until you’r unstuck. –pooh
pennypritzk what about psicholog addict to marihuana? junkieu
you are realli talk to yourself while peopl watch.  thingstoknowabouttwitt
"thanks, god almighty! america is free at last! inaugurationday "
'appar by russians' is the worst ploy by fbi aim at keep voter ignor &amp; to help clinton' bid for wh. 
michael bloomberg to endors hillari clinton  polit |  
clever_dov fbi is such a strong organis
MT irishharmon1: under hi wings...   renewu  pjnet  tcot  ccot  lnyhbt  uniteright   
I just publish “obama — a would-b big brother” 
dirti rotten scoundrel aka trump' cabinet dumberbroadway
hillaryclinton .meghanmccain on hillary' smash phones: 'what kind of backwood mafia thing Is this?!'
imtoooldfor pep talk from my parents. Or am I?
hunter penc get black eye after foul ball off hi own face 
voter registr end tuesday in ohio for the nov. 8 election. earli vote start wednesday.  polit
ireallylikeyoubut your ass isn't big enough
A miss univers insult by trump step up for clinton  news
have trump' ralli ever went right? 
islamkil IS want to polar europe. they seek to creat chao and a religi war between muslim and non-muslim
stlouisdaili the cop is a bitch
".scaramucci: donald trump “i will to go directli to the american people, right over the top of the mainstream media” http…"
imf call for greec debt relief as germani talk tough  world news
good moo america  cowtv midnight
thi bitch don't know bout pangea reasonstogetdivorc
"there are no limit to your understanding, onli those that are due to tri to understand with the mind. -pir vilayat inayat khan"
"you have to know, that british muslim popul is over 3 million. So how mani of them sympath with terrorism? "
breaking🚨: assang say hi next leak will virtual guarante an indict of hillary!demsinphilli dncleak 
"guns4ni If you think guncontrol works, look at drug addicts. drug are illegal, so what?"
"colin kaepernick is hate by mani peopl today, but a time will come when he ha move from persecut to praised. "
reallifemagicspel 'you look better without makeup' - detect peopl who think you wear makeup for their pleasur
"thank you, barack obama, for your service. We will never forget you."
rand paul As A quich eater On A flight To LA 2016elect
"the 3d' are import dedication,dilig"
thingsnottaughtatschool drunk sext
toomey campaign in region; elizabeth warren stump for clinton and mcginti 
there r more fbi agent investig hillari than there r peopl at her rallies. that say a lot. neverhillari 
"heinrich_krug okay, da ist wirklich ein mysteriös geschichte. und wozu braucht der staat das?"
frau merkel hört immer un zu! merkelmussbleiben
poll: clinton lead trump ahead of first debat  polit
I just publish “one miss wake-up call” 
high tax are real problem not gay marriages! itsok2begay
wise men speak becaus they have someth to say
our new quiz: how well Do you know black inventors? 
richmovi dude where My billions? 
the one common denomin in all these mass shoot is that they are happen in gun free zone guns4ni
omg))) 
"iraq | larg isi attack in SW ramadi, at least 1 svbi "
"trump stick to attacks, insults, hope to overtak clinton  news"
otherthingstodoin6second 
the worst day ever prayers4california
john mccain: donald trump ha no ‘licens to defame’ muslim...  |  
topvideo trump call on earli clinton voter to switch to him 
clinton campaign' mook: rnc just an 'angri mob'  polit
"becaus my peni is nicknam ""big ben"" ding dong!!! whyimgangsta"
prisonplanet hillaryclinton I will never look at pizza the same way again. dumpemal lockherup trump2016 trumpforpresid
obama spit on our allienc with israel prefer muslims. time to stop crimin obama and clintonneverforget 
there are two great day in a person' life  – the day we are born and the day we discov why! – william barclay
trump deni assault claim as more accus emerg  news
melania trump’ rnc speechwrit hail from san jose  polit
fallinlovein3word 
.fusion: journalist erinschrod wa interview north dakota nodapl activist when cop shot her..thi is ame… 
refuge welcome!(if you want to repeat pari scenario) 
and then there were nun onewordoffbook midnight
"for donald trump in battleground ohio, less-educ white men are key: brent larkin  polit"
matjeshappen sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
(ibd) humaabedin: hillary' unindict email co-conspir ibdeditori - pjnet 999  - 
funni how liber narr changesmov on alreadymaga 
ikeepwonderingif dog can understand us 
the power and abil of your brain are limit onli by it own beliefs. your power to transcend those limit is without limit.
"If isi is as contain as obama claims, whi can't the refuge go home to 3syria? islamkil brussel"
andthenishouldhavesaid I wa drink and thing got out of hand. mea culpa 
sting me like a bumbl bee alon

"trump at 42%, clinton at 41% in cb battleground tracker poll  polit"
trump vs. clinton: whose convent speech won higher TV ratings?  polit
biden name bedingfield comm director amid 2016 talk
clinton confid sidney blumenth testifi befor hous benghazi panel 2016elect
break : frank luntz report work class turnout for trump in michigan higher than expected!… 
not feel thi track at all 
potuslasttweet I am go to parti tonight!
apple' go to make a phone? As if.  midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
"‘stop whining,’ obama tell trump "
msnbc know what' up. 
.twitter is design for everyone. stop make it for verifi user  nocybercensorship 
cartoon alway on  mybedroomin3word
"clinton' health is fine, but what about trump?  polit"
antonio brown break ankl 😎😎 
blacklivesmatt ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 
break : desper iraqi christian pray for a trump victori  
2016in4word worst year ever. ever!
awful! never thought it will come to this! I just can`t hold back my emotions!!! that` horrrrid!!! phosphorusdisast
that' what our potu think about germani terror attack👇h total support muslim terrorists!rncincl 
break : clinton foundat tie to convict child traffick laura silsbi – media silent  
clinton elect night to Be held at javit center  polit
islamkil again the heart of europ be attacked. stay safe prayforbrussel stopislam 
wwe raw 4/8/13 john cena vs mark henri 
steinekecdu ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen f�r frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
"day after debate, trump, clinton squar off again at roast  news"
wow! better than bois state? 😂doubl tap If you think so😂 
car repair cost too much? 0bamacar forc everyon to buy insur new lexu or clunker - pay the same familiar? pjnet
paul hogan' heroes.  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
superoldhero midnight   the shadow of my former self
fantasi is hardli an escap from reality. it' a way of understand it
trump' donald-come-l pledg to african-american 
state depart laugh at transpar and democracy.i hope Im not the onli one who is sick of corrupt politician 
wikileaks: hillari clinton sent thousand of classifi cabl mark “(c)” for confidenti
bill clinton endors kkk leader byrd who is also hillari clinton' mentor imwithh trumppence16 
portmmel weird like it video
"gabon residents, troop take to street of capit after post-elect riot  news"
islamkil how long till prayforbrussel start trending? brusselsattack brussel
giftideasforpolitician patriot game ticketthey need to take a look at patriot somewher
seit 2000 ist merkel vorsitzend der christlich demokratischen union deutschland merkelmussbleiben
"clinton, trump other candid flock to iowa state fair"
obama reject claim u.s. had advanc knowledg of turkey coup  polit
one of the best live perform ever 
fascist pig arrest peac women at anti trump ralli in nycpolicebrut 
the longest goodby 
"I want to feel safe in my own country, we don’t need refuge here vegasgopdeb"
.geertwilderspvv: 'let us de-islam our societies! No more islam! it' time for our own cultur and heritage!' 
midnight fishtv skate plu 8
some dude in europ say peopl who have never been slave-own have to give their money to peopl who have never… 
donald trump' record  of biz failur and fraud ☼ ccot gop lnyhbt ocra orpuw pjnet sgp tcot teaparti tlot
"rip it’ all people’ fault, not gun tcot prayers4california"
"2016 democrat nation convent day 3: who' speaking, where to watch  polit"
"""it' god' job to judg the terrorists. it' our mission to arrang the meeting""neverforget "
like a pic at 3am of emma  from account post 2 yr ago.th one where she' bend over wear a bikini
wall-easi budgetmovi midnight
nypd' black polic chief 'stop frisked' by two white copsif a 60yo can be “racial profiled” then what about… 
rejecteddebatetop judg judy' lawsuit 
To climb steep hill requir slow pace at first.
I will tri to do the same with my ford escort 
gunfreezon  don’t protect you prayers4california
"some childrenthinkthat it' OK to call your parent onli when you need money. c'mon, don't be such douchbags!"
"shift tone, trump entertain the notion he could lose  news"
"imtoooldfor play sim (they are too real, it give me depression!)"
peopl who realli love each other don't have secrets.
"protest boo everi time a demsinphilli speaker say ""hillari clinton"".👇demconvent "
".realdonaldtrump: ""if I ever said those word that jay Z said...you know what would happen to me? the reinstitutio… "
"anoth dnc worker dead. We must stop these murders. media is  absolut silent, but we won't be! clintonbodycount "
behold the progress! feminismiscanc 
"artist use ex-trump bus, golf to tri to drive donald out of race "
ye hillary! No need to imagin we will make it true!magatrump2016 
hmm🤔 khizrkhan' wife wa not allow to speak.. mayb  becaus in islam women are consid speechless animals.. 
"what a great cap, right? 😉 maga "
video : watch melania trump’ power campaign speech for trump  
brussel islamkil We don’t need ‘refugees’ like those who particip in parisattack
3 easi step survivalguidetothanksgiv 
whateverman! 
regress left 
“I don’t think hillari ha a soul. I hope it haunt her.” - former ranger kri “tanto” paronto benghazi survivor 
san fransico 69er sexysport midnight
"clinton, michel obama to hold first joint campaign appear  polit"
rnc chief: clinton didn't smile dure nation secur...  polit |  
topvideo climber caught after trump tower drama 
prosper venezuelan a go to colombia to buy some food and medic supplies. here is the triumph of social 
technolog peak with the flip phone. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
hmm🤔 can you imagin mob of christian block street in muslim countries? 
chelsea clinton to campaign in ohio wednesday: hillari clinton' birthday  polit
goodnight everyone! 
there is now place for sharialaw  in america teapartynew theteaparti 2a conserv immigr 
presid obama: nation ring by wall would onli imprison itself  polit
thingsdonebymistak care about other peopl feel
hillari campaign ha offici declar that hillari hate everyday americansbeliev now?hillarysemail 
californiamovi damn hanke
what lie behind us
"when you receiv second chances,it' better not to wast them"
deliv Us from hillary! stophillary2016 pjnet tcot hillari hillaryclinton ohhillno stophillari hillary2016 
addabandtoatvshow mumford and son
trumpbecaus wakeupamerica trump2016 trumpforpresid 🐸🐷
ihavearighttoknow whi I can stop laugh while read thi 
😂😂demsinphilli 
new alleg of sexual misconduct rock trump campaign 
muslim children parad the head of their victim while a crowd of adult prais them!feel the religion of peace! 
whi the latest clinton conspiraci might not be what it seem  polit
cum to america dickflick midnight
schulz| demokratie-verständnis: nur sozialisten dürfen an der macht sein 😂
littl sympathi for black shoot victim at gop convent  news
don't focu on what you'v lost. just think of what you can do to make your life better. -
secondhandgift $0 balanc gift card.   remember: it' the thought that count
ashley madison hack reveal A cheater map that plot surpris distribut ...
warfareww russian DM spokesperson konashenkov interpret kirby' statement as a direct threat to the russian mil… 
berserkcricket would you kindli stay quiet and stop bother me?
midnight the brunch club summeramovi
girl be like...😄😄😄 
"barbi girl, interrupt addasongruinamovi midnight"
the incred hillk
sgt_flower jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel 
"В филадельфии набирают людей на митинг против трампа. обещают аж 15-18$ за час ""протеста"".майдан возвращается на р… "
happen now🚨  massiv protest outsid demconvention! rollcallvot demsinphilli 
freedom act reduc our liberty! surveillanceday
trump disavow robo-cal from david duke  polit
"freakyp88 returnofthej He actual is about to reunit it, but the far-left don't want it reunited. open your eye"
trump tax return show dispar in system 
  the best idea ever!
"livinginmarseil you know what a job is, right?"
"trump on pres. obama: ""I wa the one that got him to produc the birth certif and I think I did a good job.""debatenight debates2016"
"obama, famili begin 2-week vacat at secret spot at martha' vineyard "
 drain the swamp. draintheswamp VA electionfinalthought mondaymotiv 2016electionin3word dnc and cnn
build the dakota pipelin so we can stop fund saudi and need to reli on their oiland paid protest sho… 
igetalittleweirdabout the way the dishwash is loaded. you'r do it wrong.
superoldhero logan wolverin xmen 
‘it’ a joke that he’ running’: trump get chilli recept in st. loui  news
the lack of divers isn’t the oscars’ fault oscarhasnocolor oscar
meet the n.j. nativ who' run donald trump' campaign
sie will nur da best au ihrer sicht tun und sie lässt sich beeinflussen. merkelmussbleiben
pauli shore thingsinventedwhilehigh 
beyoncé - illuminati girl conspiracysong midnight
"media say voter fraud doesn't exist.. So what' that👇 then?!""new fake are in, readi to make hillari president..… "
there r more fbi agent investig hillari than there r peopl at her rallies. that say a lot.demsinphilli 
anthonywein carri on a months-long onlin sexual relationship with a troubl teen 
"donald trump, in pittsburgh, pledg to boost both coal and ga  news "
toryastrogeek anthea_bailey thank for be reasonable. I screw up with the pictur but the problem is real
breaking: democrat icon jim webb endors donald trump over hillari demexit  
topnew intern star scratch from derbi field 
louisiana gop put off vote on restrict aim at david duke 
"миллиардер карл айкан заявил, что трамп будет гораздо полезнее клинтон для экономики сша. "
share “'die hard' text found in jeb bush' ...” 2016elect
hillari and bill clinton in jail uniforms. closer look. veri good!  trumpinatx  
kenbonefact :  matt damon play ken bone in the informant!. 
john dickerson: clinton 'not a veri good campaigner'  polit
politweec yeeeeah
muslims! befor vote rememb - hillari vote for the attack on iraq. It cost over 100k muslim live trump2016 
thingsinventedwhilehigh - walls. trump twocorinthian believem
We love you mr. president. thi pictur is worth a thousand words. 
"richmovi midnight """
islamkil prayforbrussel когда в мире закончится этот ад?
peopl should understand the necess of gun usage! and onli after that we'll live calm! 2A rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
arizona deleg say penc can unifi gop  polit
i`m on the highway to hell!!! 
I like the tendencymakeamericagreatagain 
"they got beyonc on the field...  ""field nigga""  staywok"
onc you see whitegenocid it becom imposs to unse it.  blacklivesmatt
denni the menac II societi addamovieruinamovi midnight
makemehateyouinonephras millenni are the worst
shalabh kumar: elect hillari will mean ‘the end of thi american civilization’! 
narrat people' lives: At the park! 📖 (I guess it' true! xd) 
"muslim have donat over $250mil to hillary' campaign! Of course, she won't blame radic islam! "
"46,000 pennsylvania democrat have switch parti to vote for trump! get readi to makeamericagreatagain! "
imit is the sincerest form of flattery.  – charl caleb colton
how hillari clinton health rumor went from right-w cons...  |  
. the second amend IS our gun permit issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  tcot iowacaucu iowa2016 
"obama, mcconnel share rare common aim as congress leader meet  polit"
you heard me
have all of the major network call the elect yet riggedelect trumpforpresid
gabriel gifford and mark kelli speak at dnc  news | 
stuck up peopl mustbeban
...puppi one more time dogsong midnight
"realdonaldtrump juan hernandez: ""trump' not against the mexican ppl. he' against the illeg immigration"""
My favorit feel is laugh with someon and realiz half way through how much I enjoy them and their presence. ihq
OH MY god! what trump just said moment ago will bring down the entir white hous  
electionday hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
litter Go dogsong
everyonecount teaparti nobama 
gop frustrat with trump mount as alli weigh option  polit
8 truth about have long hair iamonfir
"ich meine, dass da kein gute ide ist, ein solch koalit zu schaffen..."
who is rock that hustl gang apparel!?
baltimorepost all My support for syrian refuge
"syrian refuge get govern housing, while homeless citizen have to live in park lots. phoenixwakeupamerica "
"howtogetmediaattent be a daughter of potus, smoke weed"
nocybercensorship 12 march snowden pussyriot aiweiwei weiwei adblock amnestyintern campaign to protest…
"If we don’t take our countri back thi year, our children will never see the countri we all grew up in. "
"promot nation unity, clinton also seek to build trust  polit"
🔴schüsse vor mosche in avignon - acht verletzte!
people' voic Is powerful!
A word of truth: “clinton cash” say IT all:  via youtub
thi is how crook hillari is. you realli want a hoax as your next president? wakeamericahillaryforprison 
trump in speech on immigration: 'greatest compassion' must be for US citizen 
giftideasforpolitician real heart
polit trump attack hillari clinton through her husband' infidel
german citi are patrol now by 'sharia police'! onli trump2016 will save us from such future! wakeupamerica! 
after tyreek death dem couldn't miss anoth opportun to whine about gun control tcot 
"I don't care what celeb have to say..mi celeb are the cops, vet &amp; work menw the peopl broadwayforhillari"
the best thing in life are usual found when you are not look for them.
freeske documentary: fight for innoc man sentenc to life without parol continu 
hillaryforprison2016 trump2016 trumptrain kellyannepol realdonaldtrump vote guilti novemb 8 draintheswamp ht… trumpforpresid
email show clinton campaign attent to black voters. 
"time magazine, 1996. As you can see it' perfectli accept for american to interfer in russian elections. "
"rachel dolezal:""i cri read caitlyn jenner"" story"""
my4wordnewyearsresolut eat more potato chip
A muslim woman in australia wa charg for assault a journalist. beat women is onli OK for muslim not for… 
"inkofsquid My respect. so, follow your logic, you approv trump protest burn american flag?"
"unlik traitor obama, donald trump alway take time out to thank law enforc officers! true patriot!🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 "
muslim is not a religion...islamkil whyivotetrump whyichoosetrump whyisupporttrump rapeugeesnotwelcom islamkil
"A presid can sometim offend people, but hillary' deadli mistak should take her out of the race. "
topnew obama warn trump not to spread detail of secur brief
new video footag releas by the charlott PD doesn't show a gun near keithlamontscott' body. …
pagop pleas DM us. we'r organ some ralli in support of mr. trump in your state. check our community… 
white peopl aren't killed? 
discrimin :-( councillor claim he wa snub by stagecoach when rais 'sheer discri...  uniteblu tcot
"""the big dang theory."
"how donald trump react to the n.j., nyc explos"
hahahahaha clinton ask what she would do to regain trust in govern demdeb demdebatemiami 
ihavearighttoknow whi bill cosbi put noth in my drink
equal is for fool offendeveryonein4word
thi pic say everyth you need to know about liber logic.. 
now we need chri rock to repres at the oscars... I know he won't back down from oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor 
obama' legacy: 
till the heaven stop the rain  america
milo in cleveland: donald trump will end cancer Of polit correctnessrncincl 
"realdonaldtrump ""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
nro I think it` rather difficult to follow each pilot` condition! human are rather fragil and suddenli fragile!
"the Eh team"""
democrat push for investig into trump donat 
"martens_ch sehr geehrt frau martens,merkel ist die best kanzlerin für deutschland,  sind sie einverstanden? merkelmussbleiben"
"merkel versteht, dass kinder die zukunft unser land sind merkelmussbleiben"
citi vehicl target by thieves: shaker height polic blotter: citi worker told shaker height polic someon broke…
davidwilzjr keepsinitrealz longduckdong777 
clinton: time for 'rethinking' of US approach to north korea 
donald trump lead hillari clinton in latest ohio poll  polit
drinkin park. drunkband midnight
"stay away from it highli addict drug call ""hashtag games"". it' too late for me. save yourself. thingstoknowabouttwitt"
brussel islamkil peopl who are worri that refuge are terrorist are do a great job
warfareww stoltenberg ha 'good talk' with trump on nato futur 
happi nationalbikiniday from trumpgirls! 
"the import thing is not winning, it' make everyon els lose. -staci aguilar iamonfir"
"baltimorepost two killed, four injur in baltimor shoot"
hillari clinton: 'I still believ in america'  
"let me, O let me bath my soul in colour"
someth psychedelic! 
"turn out mexico want to build a great wall on it southern border. No one' feel are hurt, smh trump2016 "
"prochoic abort zika spark brazil debat over abortion, access to contraception: pro-ch...  uniteblu tcot"
seraphjan hillaryclinton ye please! it' veri import to make sure everybodi know thi stori befor elect day!
It wa proven long ago 😒 
"lol, meet hillary' anonym troll on twitter 😂😂neverhillari trumppence16 "
don't be nativ american survivalguidetothanksgiv
scotti pippin dumberbroadway midnight
stop support crimin with gun nogunsforcrimin 
trump on defens over reput tie to putin  news |  
 it must hurt!
"poll: arizona a toss-up between clinton, trump  polit"

If a person prefer everyth for free - it' about liberals. teapartynew theteaparti polit 
"comprei vip no masterfollow. com, tô adorandoooo, muito retweets, curtida e seguidores. masterfollow. com masterfollow fishtv"
christmasaftermath there’ onli one way to go 
top 10 sacha baron cohen moment 
A thousand splendid sunburn makeabookwarm
i'm so glad that senat final shut warren up! 
"trump appear in ambridg draw supporters, protest "
"no, thi is not a border of a third-world country. It is demsinphl are build their “bridge” "
the best way these sander suppport could get payback is to vote overwhemingli for trump. 
betteralternativetodeb tri to catch all the fli fuck I give about the debat
rejecteddebatetop -- lime rickey vs. mojito. discuss.
the poll tell us we are in a tight race with crook hillary. real life say otherwise! 
If thi tweet offend you here' a bodi chalk for you to be a profession victim. you can keep itliberaltear 
islamkil A german woman is rape by a african/arab invad everi three days...  stopislam
whi doe god hate my skin??? thefac
three explos in one day‼️1. seasidesemperf 2. chelsea3. charlottesvil thank you obama!
the latest: clinton want florida sign-up deadlin extend 
the big jort redneckamovi midnight
perfect describ neither good nor bad
"icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r the new guy/girl at school who think is the top of the world. bitch, go away i'v been here for years, wyd?"
macron vor absolut mehrheit frankreich 
"even the one i take for granted"""
neverhillari is my motto! i'm sure you'll join me after read this:  
jenn_abram he' a clown!
"beim eu-austritt würde polen ewig die schulden auszahlen müssen... ""noch ist polen nicht verloren"" "
"spike lee whine about oscarssowhit from hi mansion, list for sale at $32 million oscarhasnocolor oscar "
hillari clinton pin email problem on colin powell: darci cartoon  polit
drunkband the whiskey chicks. midnight
thousand march for clean energi in philadelphia cleanenergymarch dncinphl demsinphilli 
while the nyt tell you how soro fight hate crime hi agenda incit hate toward polic offic which results… 
"islamkil apparently, secur theater we see at the airport can't save us from terror. and what can? brussel"
pastor burns: We are more racial divid than ever. We have to hold those who abus power must be held accountabl… 
bakedman stonedcomicbook
libertarian: trump ha 'a screw loose'  polit
"you'll never see thi pic on cnn, msnbc or nbc blacksfortrump are leav the democrat plantat bigli for Mr T… "
renamemillionwomenmarch = progress elit march
islamkil prayforbrussel prayfortheworld stopislam
the scientif theori I like best is that the ring of saturn are compos entir of lost airlin luggage. - markrussel
"unitedstatesin3word diet coke, pleas "
"polic zip tie dapl water protector, place a bag over hi head and beat him, disloc hi shouldernodapl "
the kmartian budgetmovi midnight
He is mexican and he support trump!rt to defeat media' propaganda! 
I don't think  itshardtobelievethat ivankatrump like a vagina just as much as me. probabl start with hers.  god bless her heart.
poll: will you vote for trump now that christi is help shape hi immigr plan? 
in deutschland man kann derart frei und sicher leben merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
opinion | obama should have just let assad win 
 merkelmussbleiben
idontcar about marijuana legal but I do care about thousand of immigran invad our country! junkieu
howtoloseyourjob put it in a realli realli safe place ...
"topvideo obama chastis ""parti of famili values"" for make trump nomine "
whi kelli ayotte' fate isn't tie to donald trump  polit
the adventur Of huckleberri fur  makeabookwarm midnight
"ificouldntli you'd know that i'm allerg to your shitti cooking, not peanut"
she' not fool by crookedhillary!  anoth womenfortrump 
RT if you are also done watch anti-trump propaganda of cnncnnblackout 
"It take action to achieve, and it take willing to act. Be willing."
thi is black live matter yesterday. I won't believ a singl word from their leader and support from now on. 
day17 : patriot bspc patriot teamobama america quot instagood instafun ignat instapho

the forc awaken onewordoffbook midnight
"how trump, clinton immigr plan would affect the US "
walkaboutsid maketvshowsaustralian
lieblingsgedicht 😊
peopl are surpris with how other could refus syrian refuge but don't look at how we treat peopl here islamkil brussel
myemmynominationwouldb the problem child of the solar system
the to doe not appli when threaten to rape or kill conserv women thingstoknowabouttwitt
yass !!!
"spain' socialist to vote against government, rais risk of new elect  news"
hillari clinton and tim kain to campaign in ohio on post-democrat convent bu tour: hillari clinton and ti...  cleveland polit
who lost the debates?
benito fettuccini softenabadguy midnight
shere khan academi softenabadguy midnight
you should never care what other peopl say about you
hillary' van. whi would she need  a f*cking hospit on wheel if she; in perfect health!? hillaryhealth 
beingblacki same as to be in constant danger 🙏🏿 
"hillari wa too busi delet email and collect foreign donations. No time for veterans, sorry! trump2016 "
rncincle: catch up on everyth that happen  polit
clever_dov what is wrong w/ them?!
obama take on trump with tough talk  polit
trump mock clinton' 'short circuit' comment 
macedonian parliamentari elect set for dec. 11  world news
"probabletrumpstweet follow me, i'v got the best tweet"
there is a war between trump support vs hillari support and i'm here like 
wheniwasakidiwa a bad boy 
"messupaquot  ahh, the rnc...you will never find a more wretch hive of scum and villainy..."
"makemehateyouinonephras please, hold on the line. your call is veri import to us"
"todaycleveland woman defend woman, holi christ!"
I love you
"what west consid sexual abuse, the middl east consid normal islamkil"
mike_p you draw 10 time bigger crowd than hillari do! great job!
trump say bill clinton ha ‘gone through hell’ with hillari clinton ‘mani nights’  polit
how can a man sleep so long? i'm a super man! 😸
there' no more freedom of speech in the u.s.
your mind is a galaxy. more dark than light. but the light make it worthwhile.
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
god offici endors donald trump for potu at last night' rally!!⚡️⚡️⚡️⚡️maga🇺🇸 
mrs. drought-fir  californiamovi midnight
mexico wonder whi it presid is meet with trump  news
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made.."" ~ donald trump "
realdonaldtrump nd publiushuldah or krisannehal 2 brush up on usconstitution. bring lot more vote frm conservatives. pjnet tcot
"for 8 year obama, hillari and john kerri ha work to systemat undermin israel and peac in middl east. now mission…"
republican have mani thingstobeashamedof votedem 
it' time to stand up for our right americans!!teapartynew theteaparti 
I love you. valentinesdayin3word 
kmarval serr8d whi are you so angry?
conquer europ without fire a singl bullet 
"never put yourself in a situation, where you are not sure of where you stand in a person' life."
chri martin beyoncé  bruno mar  these artist all own a part of tidalhifi   staywok
"that' exhaust good night, my friend  debat "
obama say asia foreign polici focu not 'a pass fad'  world news
"It matter not what someon is born, but what they grow to be"
finally: congress is tri to abolish the death tax   via 3tags_org   pjnet
she would be exel potus.beyonceforpresid !!!!!happybirthdaybeyonc 
".byronyork: ""trumpenmexico gambl a huge win for donald trump"" "
ukrainian leader wa accus of kill children.eu is clearli fed up with thi war someonewhokillschildren
"liber react on trump' speech: hate! bigot! racist! but what is hate about enforc laws?!!please, enlighten me!trumpaz"
I wonder how mani time we forgiv just becaus we don't want to lose someone. even if they don't deserv forgiveness.
the attack fit a well-known pattern of isi recruit isisingarland
keep your friend close and your enemi closer 😂hillaryforprisonbenghazi 
there' no religion but sex and music.
"leav the guns, take the kale. onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
drop about 50 pound  my4wordnewyearsresolut
"have you ever seen nekali and ""xiiiblades_"" IN the same place AT the same time??  staywok"
хиллари клинтон пообещала никогда не использовать наземные войска сша в сирии или ираке 
madam presid electionday myvote2016  
your hand-me-down  secondhandgift
addcartoonstohistori  trump-runn vs. cnn-coyot 
"trump2k16 ,  you heard it here first. trumpforpresid"
my2017biggesthop to becom a master of pun 
"andrew young: ""we lost thi election. the russian didn't take it."" "
get my shit togeth my4wordnewyearsresolut
campaign manag point to 'hidden trump vote'  polit
msm will never show you these protest at demsinphilly! 
addabandtoatvshow  the walk dead kennedi
To all hillari supporters: whi don't you stop ignor fact and look thi through? imwithh 
igetdepressedwhen i'm not sure if there is beer enough 
whi do you think liber are obsess with free medicare? 😂😂😂liberalsocieti 
fbi found extens evid hillaryemail violat feder record law 
charact consist of what you do on the third and fourth tries.
polit fact check clinton' big speech at dnc
ein gute übersicht über g20-teilnehm
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm eat the brown acid!
"but, the women love their way"
"donald trump arriv in baton rouge, will tour flood damag  polit"
choic of villain for next spider-man movi rejecteddebatetop
I chang all the nuclear code america....you'r welcome. potuslasttweet
1 like=1 prayer for allen iverson's😂pray 
"sayhernam reneedavi cop were call to check on a 5 month pregnant mother of 3, strugglin w/ mental illness.… "
democrat destroy latino community! trump is the onli hope for thi guy! 
topvideo trump apolog for lewd talk caught on tape in 2005 
that thing need full cage with plate or heavi duti mesh 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word miranda hart To return To call the midwif for christma special 
trump' voter fraud claim knock down by philli offici 
democrat won't take our rights! 2A trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
more than 1/3 of voter are less like to vote for trump after hi respons to khizr khan. what about my followers?
"i'm the king montha fucka, who the hell are you?"
trump speech - 32.2 millionhillari speech - 27.8 million 
isn't it an insult to the devil?hillaryforprisontrump2016 
florida retire trick out golf cart for trump  news |  
"""obama ha doubl the US debt, we have to do better in allow compani to grow"" ~ donald trump debate… "
"you will lose what you valu most, so treasur it while you can"
somebodi help him!! 
cent and sensibl budgetmovi midnight
i’m sorri thi ha happen to rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
the thing you take for grant someon els is pray for. ihq
alway do right. thi will gratifi some peopl and astonish the rest.
noth is better than throw a big bag of butter at someone.
cuyahoga counti republican parti chairman rob frost warm to donald trump  polit
"pimples, damn pimpl"
votetrumpp  trumpforpresid
crookedhillari is go to be our presid but can't lift the upstair without help
"meet the new hillari clinton, differ from the old one?  polit"
thi is it. grab your neighbor
"If you want thi happen to us, you'r a dumbass..or just a liberalliberallog refugeeswelcom "
sie hat keinen so teuren frisur wie holland merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
"rand paul: ""hillari clinton should Be in prison"" "
"At dem convention, obama seek to counter gop doom-and-gloom  news"
journalismus: jeder zweit deutsch vertraut den nachrichten  via spiegelonlin
donald trump the philanthropist Is known for hi reluct  news 
democrat nation convent open in philadelphia  polit
"the ""the"" is a sad commentari on a group of peopl not consid human beings... "
the one who work harder will come out on top.
 I think about master a sword now!
ariana just slay it ama
"eseer foods, llc plano, texa   blacktwitt "
"If you can't do great things, do small thing in a great way.  – napoleon hill"
"georg stephanopoulo disclos $50,000 contribut to clintonfound"
suspect arrest in destruct of trump’ hollywood star  news
"god cannot alter the past, though historian can."
topnew obama power plant rule face key test in u.s. court
walkin' On the synagogu makemusicreligi 
"67_fri oh, damn! were these black peopl paid for to stand there? and what' wrong with that doctor right behind trump?! 😅"
charliecalley63 👍🏻👏🏻
"whatihatein5word - vegans, hipsters, douchebags, trump, hillary."
intoler of ambigu is the mark of an authoritarian personality.
"""donald trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers"" ~ newt gingrich "
trump4presid trumpforpresid
trump to highlight parti uniti in speech in phoenix on aug. 31  polit
obamaswishlist peopl to stop mock at my name
get a peek at michel obama' carpool karaok  celeb news
If malia obama will behav like she' not ordinari teen you'll say she' conceited. there is no right way for you. 
my4wordnewyearsresolut idfk
"""the lion king richard"
hillary' henchman timkain lie to the american peopl when he said he learn of VP pick 48 hour befor announc… 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari aid
love is the underli realiti that intent turn into experience. -jcw
good ole fella  redneckamovi midnight
"marchfortrump in orlando, fl. august, 20 at 2 pm. W church st near amway center. maximum rt! trumppence16 orlando "
heal Me babi one more time! britneyspear makemusicreligi 
"""she doesn't have the look. she doesn't have the stamina."" RT if you agree!debatenight debat "
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangledebate… "
did you here he made an excuse? now we must worship thi dipshit fir hi human rahmemanuelout
survivalguidetothanksgiv If you'r allerg to anim there definit will be an animal. Be readi for thi
If you bought chees At target Or walmart… you could Be In seriou danger  pjnet tcot ccot 
hockey parti sexysport midnight 
dayafterchristma hashtag game host by giselleevn start at 9 am est 
thetroublewithaddict they have no shame
world’ hope usa
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
you know that  these are the peopl who realli care about american vegasgopdeb
donald trump: My contract with the american peopl start with end corruption. imvotingbecaus 
summeramovi jame and the giant beach
small-town pa. mayor caus outrag with racist obama ape cartoon 
blacklivesmatt is more sound like isi 
have you ever tri to turn a hippo into pretti girl? that` what I do everi morning!
"Es empört mich, dass der tippfehl von trump covfef  für so viel aufmerksamkeit sorgt.  kabul afghanistan "
"obama mix talk of ‘mean tweets,’ polit on jimmi kimmel  news"
polic power abus should not be toler baltimorevsrac
i said free sunni
thi is whi we need stronger immigr policy. and that' whi trump is right! makeamericagreatagain 
thingspeopleontwitterlik those yellow face things..
so when ur famou do u just magic have great skin or
half eaten beach day sandwich weirdthingstobuyonlin
omg))) 
"democrat complet corrupt..judgenap: new fbi document show a ""bribe"" wa offer to agent in the… "
charliecalley63 i'm OK with that
"love is a promise, love is a souvenir, onc given never forgotten, never let it disappear."
breaking🚨thousand of name chang on voter roll in indiana. polic investig voterfraud. draintheswamp 
that` cool!! 
 I don`t know whi I watch it…
bill ford met trump follow attack on automaker: usa today  polit
"decemb 05, 2015 at 04:00am nflnetwork tell nfl hireblackcoach blacklivesmatt : "
"clever_dov Oh no, I alway knew that"
"jon voight :""if god allow truth to be said &amp; heard, then we will see trump as presid of thi great america."" "
one boy. thousand feelings.
proof that the clinton are murderers. hillaryforprison dncleaks2  trumpforpresid
trump receiv secur briefing; clinton deal with email backlash  news
somedayidliketose an end to mean and hatred.
"If you'r feel important, tri order around someon else' dog quot"
"iamonfir In life you need either inspir or desperation"" - toni robbin quot"
the latest: trump explain russia-ukrain comment  polit
ihavearighttoknow whi isn't phonet spell the way it sounds......
buzzfe 9 period hacks: here’ a few trick to help you get through it.  ...  uniteblu tcot
In the midnight garden  problematickidsshow 
bloomberg poll: trump lead with least-educ white  polit
everi one’ fault are not written in their forehead
"obama love make promis and tell sweet word to pleas our ears, but he doe noth to help hi country. "
« there are remark that sow and remark that reap. » wittgenstein
rejecteddebatetop main rule to use privat server
luke age superoldhero midnight
your voic is import for us (no) 
but whi is kkkilleri not afraid of get blown? seem like I got an idea... :D trumpagainstterror 
donald trump plan will break up big bank  polit |  
midnight make the banff maketvshowscanadian
hmmm… 
"ayott call trump a role model, later say she misspok  polit "
twitter on fire as donald trump accept gop nomin  |  
Is hillari in benghazi? noi hillari in louisiana? noand whereshillary? 
"stopislam islamkil they say, terror ha no religion. what is your opinion on thi point?"
makesexawkwardin5word so..what your mom doin?
louisiana gop put off vote on restrict aim at david duke  polit
radic leftism is flourish in the US while radic leftist are whine about racism. stop the soro propaganda… 
"dnc 2016: berni sanders, michel obama thrill convent crowd on day 1  news"
our govern want us to discuss gay marriag instead of isis! itsok2begay
thingsthatshouldbecensor sight you see at walmart
sometimesitsokto have crush on a tv show charact 
well said.. 
3dprint me a mcrib 4wordgreatidea
exist of slim and fit women offend me becaus iamafeminist 
sometimesitsokto tell peopl to stop 
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
everi time berni answer my heart grow three time it size demdeb demndeb
betteralternativetodeb hunger game 
studi mean 10% read and 90% complain to your friend that you have to study.
locat countri on a map. winner is potus. loser is cast into a vat of boil chicken fat betteralternativetodeb
sign in a student centerhow the hell are they go to surviv after graduation? debates2016 
reasonsiaintinarelationship  Me (upper bed) vs the guy she told me not to worri about one week earlier
the tell-tal fart onewordoffbook midnight
I would pay 100$ for a lighter last night
I can't watch the video! i'm broken already. tell me how that babi girl won't hate! blackskinisnotacrim 
"hillari clinton private, paid speech leak in email hack blame on russia "
"some republican think, finger crossed, that trump could m...  |  "
colleg student around the countri protest trump deport plan  
interest questionwe'd better ask hillari and her media about it 
hillari clinton ha histori of pay price for ignor her health  polit
lol great vid 
"kathleen saucier say there' a doubl standard: ""mi son is head to prison for mishandl classifi inform while hil…"
"followthemoney: nbc donat $5.6 million To democrat party, provid first debate’ moderator‼️… "
I never though that the time and the distanc between us made you so much colder
i'll never be asham of be american! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
donald trump kick cri babi out of ralli  polit
breaking: obama just caught tri to sabotag new clinton email investigation! thi is sick…… 
look forward to cnn report 
"endless coff… """
trump give twitter shout out to ryan’ primari oppon  polit
obama mock peopl for say revers racism is real. We didn't need divid in chief here! 
burri hillari and trump 100 feet under ground who ever resurfac win betteralternativetodeb
clinton’ run for the white hous is a giant crimin enterpris disguis as a campaign ~ newtgingrich… 
reel big catfish addabandtoatvshow
(clinton-friendly) press rip clinton campaign' handl of health incid hillarysbodydoubl
"thousand of deplor chant to the media: ""tell the truth!""rt if you are also done w/ bias media!… "
who' been mess with the vampire' lethermostat? makeabookwarm
gov. charli baker won't attend the republican nation convent 
perfect make up! 
"ellen degener accus of racism over usain bolt tweetappar they saw hi color, not hi accomplish 🤔 "
breaking: dave chappel just endors trump! look what sick dirt He ha On hillary…  
where can I find a schedul of event like this? are there ani in california?  
"""under a donald trump administration, all live matter!"" - pastor mark burn "
"« ah! yes, I know: those who see me rare trust my word: I must look too intellig to keep it. » sartr"
social / econom / environment justic whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"when sick don't treat symptoms. treat the disease. protest are the symptoms, sorosagenda is the disease! "
чернокожий избиратель о трампе: «впервые в жизни мой голос на самом деле будет учтен» 
'presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people' ~ clint eastwood 
whi didn't the cop tri to render paulon 1st aid?wa he still a threat even as he bled to death?or wa their aim wa to execut him?
christians: israel deport them. then isi cut off their heads.  jsil tcot ccot pjnet
"ishouldgetamedalfor be such a great cook, the smoke detector are alway cheer me."
"damien: man candy, stage right. meangirl iamonfir"
RT if you think these 2👇 have ruin europ &amp; are to blame for muslim terror attacks!normandi 
economi 
"I wa a victim of a seri of accidents, as are we all. kurt_vonnegut"
I don’t like selfi caus i’m ugli
"republiicunt I never said it did. you'r bring thi point for what reason? it' just a joke, where' your sens of humor?"
"southernlady328 gdweo ever seen obama' mom pictures? not gonna post it though, caus unlik you i'm not throw dirt at my oppon"
she wa prepear 
happi internationalwomensday 
“compani are not go to leav the unit state anymor without consequences.” ~ donald trump at carrier plant. https://t…
awful! isi is go to attack texas! isisingarland
fallon face social media backlash after trump interview  news
demdeb I realli can't believ that some peopl still think hillari will win demdebatemiami
"trump to releas ‘very, veri specific’ health inform thi week  polit"
trump to parishion at black detroit church: 'i'm here to...  |  
"""if we don't turn to god at pretti rapid pace, we are go to lose the unit state of america"" ~ phil robertson "
von der leyen würdigt humanitär verdienst der marin 
"instead to give job to american to rebuild the country, bill clinton is plan to rebuild detroit with refugees… "
2.3m views... how clinton campaign pay psycho to incit violenc at trump rallies. trump will win! crookedhillari
pope franci meet with fidel castro in cuba probabl
mydreamin5word here is your hogwart letter! 
well it end today. election2016 hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
stonedcomicbook  midnight green arrow - smoke the felic out of ragman
trumpbecaus he tell us the truth 🍡🍦🍫
racism is the main problem they have to discuss  stopthegop 
"ificouldntli i’d start a religion. oh, wait…i guess it doesn''t work that way"
the morn after pill  lastminutegifts2016
transit
"ex-cia chief: trump ""i alreadi damag our nation security""  |  "
reallifemagicspel maga - spell that detect uneduc extrem hater
ssbridges51 obama and clinton think they can fool the peopl forever..th time ha come for us to take our countri back!
think rnc 2016 wa goofy? check out these polit convent blast from the past
".tuckercarlson: “hollywood is a business… Do they understand their customers? they seem to hate them, which is str… "
bush' cours as a presid is vagu 2016elect
"""nothing. I hate christmas!"
trump say he'll do more for women as presid than clinton 
‘full frontal’ host samantha bee en rout to gop convent  entertain
have you ever wonder if dead illeg vote for hillari too?voterfraud 
... 

ccot one way to make sure crime doesn't pay would be to let the govern run it. ~ ronald reagan polit democrat
today is the day we... take our countri back! vote trump and don't forget to wear red! maga…  trumpforpresid
republican join choru decri trump' comment on fallen soldier' famili  polit
trump threaten to pull credenti of NY time  news |  
"zielina sehr geehrt frau zielina, wir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
conspiracysong unit we drag
obama cut short the sentenc of 111 feder inmat  news
the u.s. polit system is rigged. there' no other way but to secede. imagin how power the repucl of texas… 
"when you have a dream, you have everyth you want, as long as you dare to put them in your dream."
black jack reacher richmovi midnight
"after find out I had eaten someth with lactos in it, I look at the small bathroom in the RV and iknewweweredoom"
everybodi love rainbow fish fishtv midnight
"andthenishouldhavesaid sorry, but I prefer hot dogs."
"stand, they will tri to make you crawl. stand, don't you know that you are free. well, at least in your mind if you want to be -sli stone"
"donald trump to particip in reddit ""ask Me anything"": republican presidenti nomine donald trump thi week ...  cleveland polit"
clinton return to campaign trail thursday  news |  
idrunforpresidentif i'd be assign a coupl of sexi bodyguard
don’t expect to see presid obama on the road for clinton until the elect is nearer 
obamalegacyoffailur chill up my spine 
"Oh really?b presid isn't realli prestigious, ask obama "
"guns4ni terrorist lists, track them onlin and the rest of your crap doesn't work. 2A is our onli hope"
midnight wow thi barack obama dude seem chill tweetsfrom10yearsago
topvideo trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign 
"""peopl like hillary..hav use govern to get rich at the expens of hardwork american taxpayers.""~ huckabe "
igetdepressedwhen I see trump support 
baltimorepost energi assist expo inform resid about program to eas fuel bill
the trump campaign' new minor outreach  polit
thingstoknowabouttwitt your most brilliant tweet goe unnoticed.
catholiclisa patriotmom61 ricksantorum thx lisa
reports: colin powel call trump a 'nation disgrace'  polit
My internationaldayofhappi look like thi 
liber reaction on bill' victims: 
"""the unit state defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism."" ~ donald… "
my2017resolut less netflix and chill; more amazon and commit
"obama prais clinton, blast trump: 'the choic isn't even close'"
"michel bachmann: ""god pick trump to be the gop nominee"" trumpineverett "
bill clinton is a is a serial rapist. He belong to prison!demsinphilli 
ani man who can drive safe while kiss a pretti girl is simpli not give the kiss the attent it deserv
don't mess up blackhistorymonth americanhistoryisblack 
rip it' a right for everyon to carri their weapon prayers4california
atlantabreak and who is it?!
seem like potu decid that nobel prize committe wa not discredit enough by believ in hi promises... 
health care: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
.washingtonpost final admit that trump could win: he ha never been closer to the presid than he is now.… 
"brussel islamkil it' islam not the vet process, we don't need them here!"
washdconlin that a real crime
"crimin would rob shop even without guns, ban gun would chang noth gardencityshoot"
 some of them realli hurts!
todolistbeforechristma wonder where the money is come from!! 
Rt if you miss someon who' In heaven. r.i.p
"trump urg russia to hack clinton' email: the gop nominee' comment face bipartisan disagreement, with pa... "
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm be yourself, don't tri to fit in."
"market eye elections, trump victori scenarios: region cio  polit"
danger is wrath concealed. hatr proclaim doth lose it chanc of wreak vengeance.
"worldofhashtag giselleevn two car are caught speeding, one is driven by a black man: which driver is shot? rejecteddebatetop"
how bank elit are not involv in election2016 trumppence16 
bill clinton and tim kaine: trump lack empathi for khan  busi
"trump: 'we should just cancel the election', and just give him the nomin "
11 most excit moment of trump' rnc and clinton' dnc  polit
softenabadguy freddi kroger
sandra maischberg entschuldigt sich! bosbach
"wari of elect hacks, u.s. urg state to get secur help  polit"
whi soooooooo perfect? 
"sometim we need to know what love feel like when it' wrong befor we can truli appreci it, when it' right."
"On thi day. 1960: A brave, six-year old girl - rubi bridg - becam the first black girl to attend a white elemen… "
"love me or leav me alone, ain't no in between."
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari tenz norgay
"what get me is the ""I chose you over mick jagger"" statement. trump2016"
"obama, in china for g20 summit, expect 'candid' talk with Xi  news"
"&amp;quot;it matter not what someon is born, but what they grow to be.&amp;quot; -albu dumbledor"
whycanteveryon stop believ these crocodil tears? 
survivalguidetothanksgiv simpli skip the thanksgiving. break your leg. cut your peni off. there are lot of options!
myolympicsportwouldb 24/7 eat
islamkil blow yourselv up befor come to america brussel
are you readi for hillary??hillary4prison 
"hillari clinton got in hot water over failur to releas donor disclosures, awful!!"
the five most danger north american snakes.on with big mouth is especi dangerous..thegophasbecom 
hillari did veri poor &amp; low energy.. the onli thing she did right wa not cough! debatenight debates2016 debat
eat egg mypreworkoutroutin
where to buy jacket with larg pocket to hide illeg donat from foreign dictators. hillaryclintonsearchterm 
the current administration. thingstobeashamedof 
mark zuckerberg in shock after what donald trump said about facebook last night…  
childrenthinkthat parent are mean
"jessecharlesle marty10707 joanwalsh My favorit part is ""...although there' no evidence, just trust us they'r all racists"""
ultim light championship oneletteroffsport thesefixturesarefabul midnight
fuckher hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
the one good thing about not see you is that I can write you letters.
the incred old peopl superoldhero midnight
I think the oscarssowhit thing is dumb oscarhasnocolor 
"To wong fu, thank for everything, juli newmar p.s. alic doesn't live here anymor  midnight addamovieruinamovi"
most peopl spend more time and energi go around problem than in tri to solv them.
man shot on kennedi near addison: trooper  
"trump on washington vs browns: darci cartoon: given trump' rant against polit correctness, it' not unre...  C…"
florida is a gateway to landslid and a must win state. trump just crush the earli voting! 
the latest: trump campaign manag express confid 
easi peasi livin' breezy.
catch them all: how mani black peopl there were at the rnc? 
"preachinjam i_amamerica  ccot tcot pjnet christian  ~america, prefer godli leaders~ "
"whi aren't J. christoph stevens, sean smith, glen doherti and tyron S. wood with their families? that' why!… "
and the oscar goe to… not a black guy oscarhasnocolor oscar
"the govern of the people, by the people, for the peopl "
"hillari ralli in coconut creek is just pathetic.. her support have no energy, zero!trumpahorrormovi "
when you want your pet' affection... 🐶 
"whenitimetravel I set the dial to forward, speed = 24 hour per day. I don't want to lose track of deedles420"
gabon name new govern after win disput elect  world news
iron man wreck my father' yellow truck at 1:44 
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stay strong, one day you'r gonna go back to that school and tell those asshol they can't scare you with egg"
the best! mike tyson!! 
suu kyi meet obama in washington for first time as myanmar leader  news
My word is a good as my hair trumpcampaignslogan
 the talent just doesn't stop
the two million boob bonanza  renamemillionwomenmarch
sign the petition! let' make america great again! trumptrain trumppenc maga  
queen: trump wasn’t author to use ‘we are the champions’  news
clinton fall ill dure 9/11 memori servic in new york  polit
sometimesitsokto eat greasi food 
otherthingstodoin6second scratch my balls.
ben_rumsbi hello! here' someth on wada. pleas check thi out. I hope it will get you interest 
taxesforalqaeda isn't it amaz that the govern take taxpay money and use it how ever they want
how can you all pray for a parisattack but not for the one in your own country?sanbernadino prayers4california 
"trump, famili and friend mourn a st. loui icon  stloui"
still one of the flyest photo ever! ❤️ 
sadist muslim soldier forc civilian to beat each other. Is thi a part of sharia law? 
"thetroublewithaddict -when it hurt to see them like that,but hurt even more when they refus to understand whi you'r tri to  help"
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block.."" nbcnewsforum "
"`thi Is the future:` gov. brown say climat change, histor drought"
trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
"aiiamericangiri that sound impressive, thi pope is one of the most progress"
staywok  
hediedfunni that' the dirt. thi is how democrat see politics: if you can't win find some dirt on your opponent. final it will end
auf ihrem spielbrett stehen kein holzfiguren. sondern real menschen. merkelmussbleiben
hillari clinton speak 'directli To white people' after lates...  |  
clinton foundat pay women less than men.women4trump 
liberals' emblem 
I admit my first watch wa a fossil now i’m in the louvr look for fossil  – kany west
got a touch like you pretti
“the arrog of washington DC will soon come face to face with the righteou verdict of the american voter.”… 
electionday 
donald trump: it' time to have a new american future. We are go to chang our immigr system to reflect ame… 
"briton in trump gun incid could die in u.s. prison, mother say  news"
gabon opposit leader ping say he ha won presidenti elect  news
standingrock nodapl
Of cours everybodi ha bad moment. but do we have to forget all the good moment for it?
I just invest all my money in bear stearns. never go to have to work again. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"zwar verliert die union einen punkt, aber sie bleiben doch deutlich stärksten spieler"
whi you think the onli thing I got on is my pajamas?  rap
worstpaineverin3word  out of word
toothpast lastminutegifts2016 
howtoloseyourjob let your boss know who you vote for.
my4wordnewyearsresolution. buy more compact discs!
songshannibalwoulds and he' fri hi liver...with bacon...
examin latest on trump and immigr  polit

очередь на избирательный участок в нью-йорке electionday 
obama press china' Xi on south china sea ahead of g20  news
dank knight - A true blountman stori stonedcomicbook midnight
tweet more. facebook less. my4wordnewyearsresolut
offendeveryonein4word i ain't your friend 
fox fight: sean hanniti call megyn kelli a clinton support  polit
ifihadabodydoubl my to-do list would look like thi 
donald trump' immigr policy: then and now  polit
"harri potter and the order of phoenix, AZ makeabookwarm"
thingsinventedwhilehigh  the menu at coldston creameri
donald trump return to arizona on saturday for 7th ralli  polit
It wa a hell storm: three washington firefight kill as flame engulf truck
guten morgen mein lieben! Es ist frühstückzeit 😋 
friday’ poll: should the marin make a trade befor the juli 31 deadline?  sport
A Ku klux klan member dangl a hangman' noos from a car as a warn to blacks. 
californiamovi the hobbit: the desol of smug midnight
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel prayforthewholeworld
special offer: donat to hillary' campaign today and get your way out of terrorist list podestaemails6 
trump support warn of 'taco truck on everi corner'  news |  
"move along, noth to see here. realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid"
squizzy36 you'r alway welcome😉
get your shirt and support us:  icantbreath blacklivesmatt shirt 
"""kill n******,"" along with an imag of a stick figur hang from a tree, wa scrawl out in florida gulf coast U… "
john kerri need to fck back off to the irrelev that he ha alway beentcot pjnet 
quit enough of a good reason to metrump2016 
merkel versucht die vorurteil der deutschen zu bekämpfen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
shop becom a nightmar
"midnight makeabookwarm"""
"obama, clinton attend shimon peres' funer in jerusalem  polit"
she is beauti girl 
"""I may not be polit correct... I am patriot correct!"" ~ donald trump "
polic investig destruct of trump' hollywood star 
donald trump releas first TV Ad in battleground state  polit
"""smth is go on with hilari that I don't like, donald on the other hand he speak hi mind and is straight frwrd"" "
"mattlauerdebatequestionsmrs.clinton, do you rememb your first kiss? "
look! We have 🔥trump party🔥 here! derayhasbeenreleasedparti 
soldaten sollen in hamburg für sein sicherheit auf uniform verzichten
trump critiqu of pure reason.  onewordoffbook
"""whatiwantforchristmasin4word - To meet kickstart goal"
trumpbecaus It will be a happi time for america when realdonaldtrum will repres our country. 👑🇺🇸💩
'crook hillary' and 13 other favorit trump use to mock foe 
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump is shake up the polit scene and america is love everi moment of it! makeamericagreatagain 💩😍
lol who come up with thi
"who said that trump cancel rallies??trump ralli in everett wa, great crowds, great energy! trumpwa "
thetroublewithaddict is it' so damn addictive!
"just a reminder: hillari clinton taken $50,000000+ from countri who execut women &amp; homosexu under islam law… "
problematickidsshow jem and the holocaust denier
stopislam islamkil they bring troubl and noth els
oscar ha no color! oscarsoblack  oscarsowhit oscarhasnocolor 
"""we’r all brother and sister and we’r all creat by the same god. We must love each other..."" ~ donald trump "
usa doesn't have to take immigr in. We as american have to care &amp; protect our citizen first. 🇺🇸… 
".kellyannepolls: ""I know donald trump to be veri graciou and a gentleman."" debat "
raphael_don_ goodby america
i'm not a racist I just don't understand whi black peopl are alway talk about be oppress when they'r not  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
"beingblacki when no matter how mani degre you have, alway deem uneduc "
"what convent tell us about trump, clinton and the parti  |  "
It is import to consid other at least as import as ourselves. thi is the essenc of spirituality.
polic start clear the street of riot anti-trump protesters! it' high time! 
video : militari hero line up to greet trump on the tarmac in florida  
"""wir schaffen, das. Da bin ich ganz davon überzeugt."" merkelmussbleiben tagebuch"
gentryqsmith I hope that muslim terrorist won't find their way to the us.
you took my hand ad a plan love rap
supremesacrificeday nation hero should be honored!
tim kain return to pittsburgh for ralli at cmu 
emperor palpit softenabadguy midnight
clinton campaign refut rumor about her health  polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut i'll serv My countri navybound
buzzfe We know which 2016 presidenti candid you find sexiest base On your birth mont...  uniteblu tcot
thi is how it starts: first they call you a spi and a minut later you are alreadi a kafir 
".ed_klein: ""the fact that hillari clinton is so corrupt and that everyon understand that she' corrupt...that is… "
say the woman who can't oper an e-mail account 
"trumpbecaus yes, ye and yes!!! donaldtrumpforpresident!!! ☺️☺️☺️"
teenag who scale trump tower had past problem at home  news
iamthankfulfor the way god ha use the peopl around me to teach me lesson and guid me at time to make me the person I am today
obamalegacyoffailur target american instead of terrorists. then blame everyth on bush 
"just kidding, star war stuff"
pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american but here is the truth! 
 thi kitten is do yoga!
"happi thanksgiv  sad decis – no turkey meat, no problem. kochfarm foodpoison"
adriennefunni hairymelvin totally!
you didn't pay me enough cancelplansin5word
"As trump make unpreced gain with african-american voters, team hillari decid on extrem makeov "
what doe your conscienc say?  'you should becom the person you are'.
"hillary, her media and her blm do everyth to dostact our attent from her crime "
whi aren't ani arab countri take the so call refugees?? islamkil brussel
"clinton hold 15-point advantag in va, accord to latest poll "
searchesgoogleisashamedof I am girl what to do
i'm more disgust by the gopdeb last night than i'v been scare by ani of the demdeb demdebatemiami
campaign to report finances; trump start to buy ad  polit
songshannibalwoulds baahhd girl laughingskull59
kim akrdashian' implant  kim akrdashian' implant
thi is what we need: a presid who hate everyday american podestaemails9 
huge crowd to see realdonaldtrump in california!  media will never show you that!trumpahorrormovi 
"midnight """
these are the dumbest kid On instagram
christmasaftermath everyon got offend over 'happi holidays'
maga trump trump2016 makeamericagreatagain trumptrain wakeupamerica thi is import  trumpforpresid
"It isn't about who is real to your face, it' about who is real behind your back. dailyteen"
mj' famou free throw line dunk 
3wordsbetterthanilovey  pizza is coming!
govt alway fuck up in everi danger situation!!! can`t imagin what should I do now! phosphorusdisast
ccp retireasongorband
thingstodoinawaitingroom stare everi one
A kucinich for trump; actress from cleveland height talk cleveland: rnc media roundup: the washington post tel...  cleveland polit
cnn is a joke right now. clinton new nonsense. 
"clinton blast trump’ comment on militari generals, putin "
melania trump' speech: veri similar to michel obama'  polit
idrunforpresidentif that would mean i'd have 15 M follow
probabletrumpstweet one veri reliabl person told me clinton is a fraud. veri nice!
"after neo-nazi posting, polic in whitefish, mont., step Up patrol  sometimestwittermakesm nevermypresid"
"madgirlwithabox I never said it is, you idiot snowflake! anyway, how can you possibl know what a job is?"
pro-trump trailer spot outsid the hillary' ralli in scranton 
king_hagop but that doesn't mean I think he'll win the elect
facebook mustbeban becaus twitter is better!
betteralternativetodeb super smash bros. tourney. three lives. No items. final destination.
"rudi giuliani: ""hillari clinton, if you want the email turn over, what'd you bleach them for?"" "
"renamemillionwomenmarch  the march that will get ton more media attent than the march_for_life, which alway swell the street of dc!"
I just publish “do you still think we’ll get through 2016?” 
kain predict cathol church will chang it teach on gay marriag  polit
obama paus vacat to fundrais but not to visit louisiana  news
new blackpanth leader rob At gunpoint – call polic for help😂😂 
whenitimetravel I travel ticketless
"blacktol | 101-year-old black woman: ‘if trump wins, I will pack my bags’ "
I wonder whi we are still in the countri where the mass genocid of peopl is normal prayers4california
worstpaineverin3word week per month
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you will becom a weeb
childrenthinkthat trump is rude
"cancelplansin5word take a ""not you"" day"
"soon as you wrote your number on the napkin, I wa bound to work a number on your back"
nocybercensorship those who can’t stand the truth can watch TV instead 🖥
We have to fight isi instead of pleas them!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
mybedroomin3word   fortress Of solitude...
"hillari clinton' privat server sent aid scrambl for answers, podesta email show "
coldwar20_en is it enough!
"'apprentice' cast cri foul over trump sexist language, report say"
happi 55th birthday to thi bomb tester. 
clinton invok father' memori to hit trump on busi 
dnc live: sander ask deleg to respect clinton  polit
bpolit but why?
"silenthacks0 i'll cap it for you: ""...except for pieti and good action."""
youtubechannelsine hashtag game for dummi
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
the catfish report fishtv midnight
"clever_dov wow, confeder reviv"
"ruinadinnerinonephras a moment on the lips, a lifetim on the hips😫"
plz RT  arkansa  easi 2 defeat US hous incumb n open primari of ar!     pjnet
trump just issu an epic challeng to congress that will put hillari in jail by tomorrow!  
".brunelldonald destroy obama: ’you said hope, you said change, &amp; in chicago We have despair, hopelessness’… "
explain it all
"the more we give love, the greater our capac to do so."
I have to do that! 
"in some shots, i can bare tell there is a railroad! "
breaking: tom bradi and bill belichick have endors donald trump. makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
schedul all the intervent into your day planner   thetroublewithaddict
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
donald trump reveal hi econom advis  polit |  
"As news of trump’ tax broke, he goe off script at a ralli in pennsylvania  polit"
clintonfound is the largest unprosecut chariti fraud ever.  when you vote don't forget who' respons fo… 
"alex_11org rbbinforadio scorchbonnet digig können sie da den verwandten der menschen, die ungekommen sind, sagen?"
thingsnottaughtatschool that the world owe me noth
trump campaign push talk point in feud with gold star famili  polit
IS sharia court murder 600 yezidi
A countryman between two lawyer is like a fish between two cat usa
liber attack peopl with differ belief t their just like fascist did.boycotthamilton 
anim hous japanamovi  midnight
We will fundrais even more!!! 
stop say cuck 2016electionin3word
"dr. ben carson: ""if we'r will to accept hillari clinton' level of dishonesti in our leader we'r doomed."" "
"icymi: ""hillari ha no plan to stop foreign-born terrorists"" "
"the past is behind, learn from it. the futur is ahead, prepar for it. the present is here, live it."
I like it when peopl ask question in at confer without hold back- real voic nocybercensorship 
onewordoffmoviequot midnight  i'm failing! i'm failing! 
"giuliani: ""democrat party... ha becom a one-sid parti show no respect for law enforcement."" demsinphilli "
trumpbecaus he doe hi best! 👬😱
boycott liars! turn off cnn!blackoutcnn boycottcnn 
onli 1 percent Of black voter support donald trump  |  
"where hope grows, miracl blossom. – elna rae"
markbland your point?
thingsnottaughtatschool evil clown are realli a thing
corrupt is one of major problem for our countri
our right to bear arm is part of our freedom 2ndamendmentday
islamkil So call refuge are isi fighter stopislam
daili remind that we'r go to win simpli by the turnout. So mani 1st time voters! We need to get out and vote! 
"In key battleground, love for late democrat shift to trump  news"
"soro shut down the hacktivist DC leak group site, get their twitter account suspended1a is deadwakeupamerica "
"cop In rekia boyd case seek sever for ptsd.dant servin could collect as much as $78,000 per year until hi p… "

"now europ is enjoy ""cultur enrichment"" twice a week!munich nice "
orang is the new travi blackley athleticstvshow
"my4wordnewyearsresolut   ""never give up whatev problem they have,, and hope that all my bad past bad memori they all vanish"
.fusion: thi is 2016 not 1916naacp leader demand action after white student allegedli place a noos aroun… 
"If man will begin in certainties, he shall end in doubts, but if he will begin with doubts, he shall end in certainties. – sir franci bacon"
time to say bye-by to the predat in our politics!deb 
makeabookwarm harri potter and the sauna of secret
ken bone. keep republican and democrat from argu sinc 10/09/16.  kenbonefact
pfizer ceo say clinton plan to curb drug price would hurt consum  health
hillaryclinton when no media is around. 
"trump face nation secur test with speeches, forum "
how can anyon vote for liberals? they want to disarm us and let the isi member in! let’ stay strong and conserv gopdebatesc
"donald trump wish clinton well, say will releas health info  polit"
"""so you can go to hell, Mr obama, you can go to hell"" - philippin leader rodrigo dutertei, as a US citizen, approv thi messag"
america is too import to let her fall to terror and lie and corrupt politicians!imwithy americafirst… 
stopislam islamkil So sad what' happen
the rnc Is onli interest becaus Of peopl who are not attend itrncincl  
explain it allliberallog 
"brussel islamkil sinc you want these "" syrian refugees"" in our country, how about you let them move in with U"
"topnew obama eas restrict on cuba, lift limit on rum and cigar"
chow chow puppi can't jump  chow chow puppi can't jump
fbi publish note on clinton' use of privat email 
addabandtoatvshow the jefferson starship
imalwaysokwith noth 
mike_p realdonaldtrump great!

clinton jump to a big lead over trump in michigan poll: 3-in-5 say republican not fit for job; joh...  break
"I love the man who can smile in trouble, gather strength from distress and grow brave by reflection."
clinton call women’ alleg that trump grope them ‘disturbing’  polit
mynewcatchphrasei 
donaldtrump: hillaryclinton support catch and releas polici 
the latest: trump blast clinton foreign polici record 
"live, travel, adventure, bless, and don't be sorry.  – jack kerouac"
"gute nachrichten au rpl 😊spd bricht ein, cdu deutlich vorn, afd auf platz drei"
design tummi rub survivor cattv midnight
hollywood is so fake  hollywood is so fake
nate silver tell the truth for once. huge! trump win in a landslide! debatenight debat debates2016 
rtifyouar not follow instruct caus it make it even harder 
missouri woman say boyfriend held her captiv in wooden box 
ruinadinnerinonephras no wine tonight 
polit tim kain dad joke take twitter by storm
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""i'm votin' for hillary.""    "
Is clinton still thump trump in crucial swing state florida?
"the fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man know himself to be a fool. - william shakespear iamonfir"
maureen dowd say trump like the violenc at hi rallies. He call her ‘crazy.’  polit
politweec I think thi is someth veri wrong...
historian warn about a trump presid  news
breaking: clinton foundat secret record and the book “clinton cash”fuel the investigation… 
"I will unfollowtrump when hillari return money to those hungry, homeless kid in haiti.. basementdwel "
mounti python and the fli circu maketvshowscanadian midnight
If a person ha a slightest sign of mental ill he or she shouldn’t be allow to own a gun! gunviolenceoregon
julian assange: 'A lot more material' come on US elections! demsinphilli rollcallvot dncleak 
twinki and snuggi thingsinventedwhilehigh
"after meet with mike pence, ted cruz still declin to endors donald trump: polit extra  polit"
momin5word the best thing that happen.
"Of course,  Go trump! We need a strong conserv leader vegasgopdeb"
funni how hillari need all these celebr to help her tri to win lmaooooo trump2k16 trumpforpresid
walk into the white hous be like election2016 hilaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 queen  trumpforpresid
A boardwalk to rememb  summeramovi midnight
chang wifi pw to unpresid  potuslasttweet
"obama, china ratifi climat agreement  via news |  "
honorforthebrav happi peaceofficersmemorialday! it’ may 15th
"""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."" ~ giuliani "
the man who brought the dncleak to wikileaks. He wa murder two week later. seth rich! 
steal food howtoloseyourjob
breaking: trump win in florida✔️ 
trump reveal hi plan to defeat isis: phone a friend | editori 
"A polic offic assist an injur protestor outsid the chicago hilton hotel dure the dnc, 1968, chicago "
MT libertyusa1776: congress move to stop the $1.7 billion tax dollar payment to iran!  wakeupamerica pjnet
let' defeat the media' propaganda! spread thi pic!trumppence16 neverhillari 
footag of allegedli rebel fighter beat a tie nake saa member from hama unconsci 
To show that we didn’t forget we must wearhoodiefortrayvon 
"In debate, trump signal aggress close to hi campaign "
"don't give up what you want most, for what you want now."
I thought oscar ha prove to be no color oscarhasnocolor oscar
obamacar in one pic 
election2016 donaldtrump hillary4prison rncincl  stophillary2016  trumpforpresid
"watch hillari clinton break the glass ceiling, virtual (video): the democrat nation convent celebr ...  cleveland polit"
the latest: obama meet peruvian leader on summit sidelin  
tim kain had dinner with the son of georg soros. probabl got some vice-presidenti instructionswakeupamerica 
trump wa a strong &amp; fearless leader today. i'm proud to be an american.🇺🇸trumpenmexico 
reasonstoprotest huge line 
I wonder what happen to hillari if she accid yell truth at demdeb tonight?  demndeb
christi blast republican who have yet to support trump
"Es ist wichtig, dass unser kanzlerin für die christlichen wert steht merkelmussbleiben  innsicho"
"If you look at what you have in life, you’ll alway have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough."
tofeelbetteri get ink
thingsicanneverresist call war crimin who they realli are. 
david duke and hi pal love trump' immigr speech  |  
presid obama congratul cub on make world seri 
christi defend trump' messag behind controversi dwyan wade tweet 
can you tell us about the terrorist attack in texas? isisingarland
.kriskobach1787 on illegals: “under a trump admin you’r go to see ice agent unchain to do the job they need… 
oil slick on the rinsen.  earthdaysong midnight
dez mix nut dickflick midnight
"senjonkyl american fall got a water polution, who is to blame for it?"
"the latest: some rubio, kasich deleg award to trump  polit"
militari commun split over trump' feud with khan 
toto. I got a feel we'r not listen to kansa anymore. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
MT cliffwilkin: sign cosproject e-petit today pleas click   pjnet
"trump: obama ist der ""gründer"" de ""islamischen staates"" IS syrien temperaturen  afd "
ron jeremi the hedgehog problematickidsshow midnight
"if you believ there' someth wrong, you DO have a chanc to chang it!teapartynew "
"for the first time ever, nation immigr and custom enforc council is support a presidenti nominee,… "
hillari clinton edg out donald trump in new ohio poll  polit
"trump at fortmyer rally: ""immigr secur IS nation security."" "
u.s. constitut becom a best-sel after khizr khan offer to donald trump  polit
bc2dc16 susancucinotta kasman41mag pjnet makethecal calebfaulkner08 pjnet retweeetpleas retweeetthi RT  
black republican fire from radio station after meet w/ trump in detroit‼️don't let the media go away w/ it! 
It take a brave patriot american to realiz the betray our nation ha been through under obama/hillari 
I think there are other way to detect terrorist except for listen to all our phone call surveillanceday
appreci is a wonder thing
thingspeopleontwitterlik  amaz gifs...
"the trans-pacif partnership is dead, schumer tell labor leader  "
look obama clinton belov refuge attack germani close the borders! 
today' the day when america expires. trumpforpresid
idrunforpresidentif didn't have to pay my student lawn. viva la free education!
humoritarian trump isn't nice at all
mybedroomin3word lack of television.
blacklivesmatt 
If hillari becom presid then ww3 will happen. If trump becom presid then hillari goe to prison. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
politweec bullshit!
realdonaldtrump and of cours she doesn't care about others' job while she ha iti'd like to take a look at her when she' firedand you?
hilleg is her game imwithh hillaryclinton nevertrump trumpbabi clinmin her middl name trumpforpresid
honeymoon period for possibl presid hillari clinton? some i...  |  
reallifemagicspel sarcasmiu enabliu - help you deal with stupid peopl
I onli rt'd that last one to prove the point that gun control is no more an answer than muslim control.  prayers4california
get marri thingsdonebymistak
istartcryingwhen I think I have to choos between hillari and trump 
razzia gegen mutmaßlich räuber von 100 kilo schwerer goldmünze. und wo ist die münze (oder ihr teil) selbst?!😅
trump campaign close new jersey headquarters: politico  polit
i'm so happi that washington got un-rig in less than two year 
"clinton and kain talk dnc, trump  polit"
abc IS over: watch trump end georg stephanopoulos’ career with 7 words…  
jenssilbermann und wie noch kämpft man gegen den terror? 😑
new york time reject trump' demand for retract on women' accus 
ihaveadreamthat I will becom a legendari hashtagg one day
ooh so cute 
u.s. elect wrap: clinton' big test follow ‘reaganesque’ night  polit
and the winner is... realdonaldtrump 😂😂 
It is my belief... that the truth is gener prefer to lie
milwaukeevoic for god' sake!
meangirlsrul pretend that you care 
"happybirthdayharrytruman senator, vice president, and presid harri truman wa born otd in 1884 "
protest gegen polizeigewalt eskaliert london  
"трамп раскритиковал клинтон за то, что она охарактеризовала половину сторонников трампа, как «жалкое сборище»"
We all know that trump will win today' gopdebatesc
iamonfir mayb she' born with it. mayb it' a photoshop app.
make america great! 
"A purpos of human life, no matter who is control it, is to love whoever is around to be loved."
reasonsiaintinarelationship I alway meet peopl who are temporarili into my life 
 11 thing you didn't know about beyonc
A littl review of a littl play direct by littl 'ole me. blackactor blacktwitt blacktheat mylifeinart  
how I met your udder.  cowtv midnight
i hate that im sensit and jealou and stupid and quiet and ugli and annoy
terrymendoz hillaryforprison2016 If hrc win it will be the end of america. trumpforpresid
C. page^ hillary’ candidaci would be almost finish if it wasn’t for trump ‘distracting’ from her controversi 
"palestinian court say municip elect can be held, but onli in west bank  world news"
teamtrumpaz: G O P debat R better with trump  gopdeb teamtrump florida southcarolinaprimarywomenfortrump maga trump16 https:…
islamkil hoezo een aanslag IN brussel prayforbrussel
and if you want it to continu then vote for hillari neverhillari trump2016 
trumpprotest I wish some day thi asshol will get lock in a cell with thug he usual encourag to beat white… 
the propaganda and BS is building. don't fall for it!  maga3x maga trumppence16 draintheswamp electionfinalthought… trumpforpresid
and you got the lust dear
demdeb and she is realli run for presid with no consequ demdebatemiami
koehneisland leiif At thi point what differ doe it make?
it` crazi how wrong you can be about a person…
"andthenishouldhavesaid yes, I will have fri with that."
dickflick star wank  I - phallum menac II - atack of the wang iii - reveng of the dick IV - A shrunken hope V - the empir rub back
thank you lou dobbs!  republican were total with obama and not for the people. time to clean house!! 
It took liber less than one night to turn into a violent and extrem intoler hate group.… 
"giuliani: ""we know hillari clinton wa a failur at foreign policy..""debatenight debat "
"hillaryclinton and is you work as a sec of state and commit a crime, you deserv to go to jail"
i'm total rearrang my top 10... on myspac  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
tadam!tcot pjnet 
cruz suggest leav vacanc on suprem court  news
westernwindw hillaryclinton is an evil!
"trump: ""hillari clinton ha a legaci of death, destruction, and terrorism."" "
 lol))
"happyindependenceday bbq, firework – thi is all our independ"
"We must punish law bide gun owners, so we can all be equal victim liberallog  prayers4california"
it' so easi to blame russia for your lossthat' how democrat usual dodemslog 
"lol that’ realli funny. cheer up, guys! "
merkelmussbleiben sie befolgt die europäischen wert girlstalkselfi
trump' chariti not certifi in new york  polit
"new studi reveal white nationalist movement on twitter grew by 600 percent, surpass isis: post racial?"
reminder: hillari use paid actor to dress as naval offic to walk with her! 
boom! trump is lead with hispan voters!trump 49% hillari 36% latinosfortrump trump2016 
when histori class wa taught in public school  all american knew thi as fact pjnet gop gohconserv 
"imtoooldfor harri potter (just kidding, my letter from hogwart wa lost, that’ whi I am among muggles)"
maketvsexi strictli pole danc
dalla got best team ever! perfectstatein5word
ilikepeoplewho have dream
clinton campaign said they pitch a stori to thedailybeast to attack berniesanders. whi are we not surprised? 
pence’ ‘that mexican thing’ comment get onlin attent  news
"black civil right demonstr attack by polic who use water hoses. birmingham, alabama may 1963. "
donald trump: ‘i’m afraid the elect is go to be rigged’  |  
what? I can't photocopi that? quityourjobin5word
"As hard as you try, no, I will never be knock down"
merkel braucht unser unterstützung merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
itsok2begay alabama prepar itself for valentine' day!
make them huff helium befor answer each question betteralternativetodeb
"topnew obama visit midway atoll, a symbol for hi climate, asia legaci"
Is thi whi obama lift restrict on cuban rum and cigars? 
"campaign manag defend trump on iraq war, putin prais  news |  "
thetroublewithaddict to big butt is that you lie a lot. - ironically.
anoth spin from cnn. paul manafort reassign ha noth to do with la! trump unlik obama care about peopl 
poll among veterans: donald trump 89% hillari clinton 11%!  vetsfortrumptrump2016 
"I don't care what anyon says. we'v got enough problem in thi country, we don't need to import more islamkil brussel"
how far will north dakota go to build a pipeline? nodapl 
gop Up for grab | polit cartoon | a.f. branco  pjnet tcot ccot 
reasonstogetdivorc becaus I won't get on top.
fakedncfact hillari will use donat from the wall street to help kindergarten teachers. 
2bit new album dear motherboard. robothiphop
brussel refuge are isis. even a 5 year old could tell that' their plan islamkil
"brute in trump mask attack man, 29, in east harlem on halloween "
thefirst100daystodolist lift restrict on energi product
louisiana floodscalifornia burnsobama golf 
2017survivaltip bewar of angri liber
"dalla newspap break 75-year tradition, endors clinton fals | "
hillaryclinton 
1979:100k women in teheran protest forc hijab by new islamist govt2017:privileg US feminist think hijab symbo… 
webguytv  but imnotwithh either. i'm lean evan_mcmullin or govgaryjohnson
44 of them are deplorables. basketofdeplor 
igetdepressedwhen he' away from me.
"trump say he’ll Do 3 debates, may seek changes: time  polit"
the unpopular of both hillari clinton and donald trump could make thi year' elect a 'race t...  polit
messerattack in hamburg: ahmad A. soll is-fahn besessen haben isi terror 
w/luv 
"text the word ""black"" to 310 272 5438 to download the app  blacktwitt blackcultur buyblack "
washington post endors hillari clinton for presid 
let` save our future! let` save the planet! potu gop narendramodi chinesegov turnbullmalcolm climatechang 
donald trump and usain bolt share one (veri fast) thing in common  stloui
let' not allow thi idiot to becom our next president! 
the latest: obama formal welcom italy' renzi to US 
andthenishouldhavesaid 
merkel bewältigt ihr arbeit merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
how to win an elect in usa  thingshillarygoogl
"bought some popcorn, wait for libtard to start tweet about guncontrol gardencityshoot"
nake donald trump statu pop up in citi across the US  news
system of a downton abbey addabandtoatvshow
flynn' stori is fakenew 
trump in arizona: fire up the gop base  polit
just A reminder: hillari and isi are both fund BY the same people!electiondaymyvote2016 
gop candid support people’ right while dem support onli themselv gopdebatesc
trump is +14 in new hampshire! 
"""I am a son of baltimore"" respect 👊🏿✊🏿 derayformayor "
"In bundestag wird die afd und ihr wähler schnell verstehen, dass populismu regierungsunfähig method ist!  "
"i'd much rather go to my grave never need my gun, than go there wish I had it.guns4ni"
todaymemphi they are realli gorgeous!
peopl should far more concern about hillaryclinton action than what donaldtrump may say... 
snow white and 7 e-mail makeamoviehillari
topvideo trump vow to stop u.s. job loss if elect 
"'we have your backs,' obama say in letter to law enforc  polit"
It is scari sometim to go outsid and I alway worri when my husband is out late at night magicbutr
henceforth you may write to me at barack.obamaspotify.com potuslasttweet
take care of all the homeless kid in the u.s.a. if you want to be charit islamkil stopislam
"doe it mean that 61,201,031  peopl in america support hitler? dumpstarwar "
dhandelsman check thi out did someon make you let fraud particip in the olympics? did they threaten you?
"ferri beuller' day trade offshor account"""
"topnew ex-nfl star sharper admit to sexual assault in california, arizona "
I play by the rule of polit as I found them.
obama: $400 million iran payment not 'nefari deal'  polit
shock: the recent seri of antisemit threat wa carri out by a trump-hat journalist fire for spreading… 
and german are leav germanymor than 1.5 million german left germani dure the past decad
honorforthebrav To becam an offic you must be veri brave
josefinepaul würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
politweec lie hard but rememb all your lies!
vote for trump lostin3word
trump campaign spent more on hat than polling: washington post  polit
"dnc day 3: obama back clinton and knock trump, and other top moment  polit"
 arianna grand hit in the face hahah
sell hillari clinton as independ voters' choic  polit
"Go and tell a nigga no with an ass so fat hey whi you wanna do that love huh, hey whi you wanna do that"
wahington carver
"nobodi in the nfl want to sign blacklivesmatt douchebag, colin kaepernickso sad "
pence: trump is 'a ceo at work' on immigr  via news |  
"""midnight sun"
".omarosa: the african-american commun ha been extrem loyal to the dems, but the dem have not been loyal to… "
slumdog billionair richmovi
what happen in vega should stay in vegas! reasonstogetdivorc 
mole vault oneletteroffsport midnight
No chanc to policebrut !!! antipolicebrutalityday
"If you'r asham of be white male in america, you could join blacklivesmatt protestsoh wait! it' alreadi f… "
"stop-and-frisk is a sham, but trump pretend otherwis | editori "
whenitimetravel i will stop brendon uri from make that horribl mistak that caus him to marri the wrong woman.
frosti the snowman  (melt due to global warming) earthdaysong midnight
schulz fordert von merkel klarheit im klimastreit. ein haltlos beschultigung ist normal für spd
"""hillari clinton doe one stop and then she goe home and sleeps"" classic trump 😀👍cnnsuck "
I wonder whi is that2a 
parad in ohio with hillari clinton in a cage hillary4prison indithillari dncleak 
morn spin: late twist in medal of freedom winner minow' polit back stori  
dankortebein most probabl he did
thetroublewithaddict thi wa the most exhaust one yet. damn. fuck. can we do some pun now?
do obama' job: trump is chang hi campaign schedul to visit flood-ravag louisiana tomorrow! 
arizonan react to AZ republic' endors of hillari clinton 
you'll never hear them if you'r still sure that islam is the religionofpeac 
warfareww erdogan ha obama over A barrel via dwilliams1949  
whyimgangsta i can switch off street light just by kick them 
these illeg will have the right to vote! it' against our constitut and we must stop them! 
"donald trump fan have been send me racist, hate messag for months. here' a sampling.  polit"
beingblacki be a fighter
igetdepressedwhen there' not enough coffe left for a full cup 
kanzleramt ist für ewig ihr platz merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"with trump in trouble, obama’ focu in nevada is on a close senat race  polit"
kanzlerin merkel besucht festspiel 
"thi elect isn't republican vs democrats, it' the peopl vs corrupt establishment!"
hillari clinton' challenge: ignit excit  polit |  
eagl freed unharm from perch in car grill 
demdeb are for wick peopl without common sens demdebatemiami 
I am vote for trump b/c he will secur our border &amp; erad islam terrorism!watch how he will destroy isis! 
"demndeb I am not gonna pay for your delus global warm researches, bernie! demdeb"
songmakesmetearup evanescence- My immort
the latest:  trump son say father accept obama' US birth 
övp-parteitag: kurz lässt platzhirsch um ihr sicheren mandat bangen 
chines water tortur thingsyoucantignor 
iamthankfulfor start a new journey bc goal need to be met
ilove__butihate__ I love weed but I hate smoke. edibl 
get up. get out . govot election2016  theendisnear hillaryforprison2016 dumptrump…  trumpforpresid
islamkil obvious barackobama hasn't seen americansniper. spoiler alert -women 
"I will have to kill myself, caus i'v never seen a presid I didn't want to fkn kill reasoniamnotpresid"
new nbcnew poll show trump ahead 19% among militari voters!nbcnewsforum 
A bully. thingsyoucantignor
red not realli my color.  So went with the feet.  trump  hillaryforprison2016  electionday  trumpforpresid
 surrealist but fun!
3wordsbetterthanilovey free shot tonight
obama say trump is unfit to be presid  polit
.judgealexferr on blm: I disagre w/ their premis that polic offic are unfairli target african-americans… 
tight mustbebanned. get them off 
final reason peopl on TV gopdebatesc
i love myself 3wordsbetterthanilovey
hillari clinton campaign team express worri over joe biden possibl presidenti bid in new leak emails… 
mastersofsex virginiajohnson: men are such idiots... quot quot tvshow lizzycaplan
texasjihad cia must check all these arabian
donald trump' danger vote-rig claim a last-ditch grasp at the presidency: editori  polit
drive thi busi or it will drive thee usa
"merkel erklärung zu g20-gipfel: ""problematisch partner, kompliziert fragen"" | tagesschau.d "
trump accus of walk into chang room of teenag south padr pageant contest in 1997 
"the lingerie, the witch, and the wardrob onewordoffbook midnight"
trump at nbc town hall prais putin for have 'great control' over russia 
"If you don't see my tweets, pleas go on my page and read through them. they are great."
that awkward moment when you realiz the organ of the womensmarch is pro sharia law islamistheproblem 
US presid obama order to send 3000 sof for an oper at the syrian citi of raqqa  
wednesday speech could clarifi trump' immigr polici  polit
...and let' see what current potu does. 
"thi is who you want to end the ""gop war on women""? give me a break! trumppence16 "
clinton campaign seek to make most of kaine' spanish  polit
secondhandgift sex
trumpbecaus donald trump would be the best thing to happen to thi countri in a long time makeamericagreatagain 👩‍❤️‍👩💑👨‍❤️‍👨
"befor you vote for or contribut to a candidate, know what they think on agenda21 commoncor patriotact ndaa obamacare. ccot pjnet"
"muhammad ali, the onli person whose hollywood walk of fame star is hang on a wall, not for anyon to step on "
keep up with the cardin  athleticstvshow 
ihavearighttoknow whi peopl speak to me when I have headphon on
delta forc gen - seal death stink of coverup RT  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
"imalwaysokwith lick it, befor I stick it."
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clarkevoterfraud 
donald trump' war with univis get nasti  entertain
stop give drug to dog 
illeg immigr were paid $9.3 million in benefits. thi is where your tax go wakeupamerica 
don't use vote machin request A paper ballot! potu electionday voterfraud trumpwin hillary4prison… 
nocybercensorship chicago ......... the futur of america if not rectifi soon.
malik obama tweet imag of barack obama' kenyan birth certif 
the dark cock rise dickflick midnight
tucker carlson wa the onli nation mainstream report to cover blmkidnapping. A real journalist. thank you! …
"On thi day in 1993, jocelyn minni elder becam the first black and the first woman u.s. surgeon general. "
homer theiliad: there is the heat of love... book bookquot quot quot lovequot
republican line Up against trump  polit
We are legion ferguson is everywher fergusonrememb
thi video of loud islam call to prayer is from michigan..i guess kansasplot wa just a desper attempt to s… 
clinton: half of trump' support fit in 'basket of deplorables' 
giftideasforpolitician truth serum
"fda"" tran fat ban: Is It a life-saver?"
"elder bush plan to vote for hillari clinton, a kennedy...  news |  "
lawyer liken christie' email habit to clinton' privat server
former mexican president: trump’ debat perform should alarm world leader  polit
after a week full of protest obama hope american will come togeth to find common ground.i it possible? 
twister obama to visit US mosqu for first time: presid barack obama is due to visit a mosqu in th...  tcot
RT &amp; like if you think the same!deb debatenight 
stopislam islamkil how are you go to protect the public?
groceri weirdthingstobuyonlin
the rubio deception: truth v lie … tcot rino gope
editorial: put trump busi in blind trust  
I don`t need anyon but him! 
donald trump' victori set off protest around countri  
trump Is No laugh matter to some late night comic  polit
when u wake up from a nap and u have no idea if it' morn or night
peterlane5new what will be your reaction to the phosphoru water contamin in the american falls?
theelmolewi becaus feel been hurt!
"can't believ it folks. I nomin my peni as vp, but thi guy penc is walk about say it' him! peni is sad. probabletrumpstweet"
the great orang curtain escap californiamovi
releas a new spiderman remak everi year mustbeban isn't it enough of them already😫 
presid assad: syria is readi to co-oper with donald trump 
austria delay presidenti elect re-run after postal ballot snag  world news
batterstar gillactica midnight fishtv
election2016 hillaryclinton votehillari hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"gopdeb Of course,  basic I agre with everi singl word vegasgopdeb"
the daredevil In mrs. jone  maketvsexi
ohio state browney sexysport midnight
the Oh My godfath californiamovi midnight
"counti gop apolog for ""readi for hillary"" execution tweet  |  "
whi IT matters: issu at stake in elect 
"colin powel think donald trump Is A 'nation disgrace,' le...  |  "
the secret of get thing done is to act!  – dant alighieri
trumpbecaus america need him
leak colin powel email fault trump and clinton 
darkalleyman stonedcomicbook midnight
ireallylikeyoubut I like my cat better
star of stage and screen gather in new york for show benefit clinton  polit
stopislam how do you can guarante no one el is gonna die? islamkil
thi cartoon wa made mani month ago...thursdaythought 
hillari is almost theredebatenight 
"white student host onlin debat on best way to say n-word, school releas statement after expect outrag "
barmbek -tragödi ist doch aber kein grund all migranten unter generalverdacht zu stellen! hamburg 
the bmw fulli autom valet park assist ces2015 cescrunch 
giuliani: 'hillari clinton owe the american peopl an apology'hillaryshealth 
hackinghillari these are not isol cases. we'v been see her condit worsen sinc the veri beginning. 
mybedroomin3word xbox tweet music
"potsdam stadtwerkefest � andrea bourani, der star de stadtwerkefest  via maz_onlin"
happpi end   mustbeban
trump outlin vision for economi  news |  
it' amaz a presid can add $9.2 trillion to the nation debt and not accomplish a damn thing. just destruct thanksobama
would you support a candid whose support burn american flag? trump2016  
would you like to spin my wheel gameshowhostpickuplin
"photo gallery: protest gather outsid trump tower In chicago, march down state stre...  "
"british muslim: ""I want To see everi singl woman In thi countri cover from head To toe"" "
hillaryclinton pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
midnight fishtv monday night fishbal
texa congresswoman blame wikipedia for leak clinton email 
thingsihavegoingform be okay 
when you don't know what to say -blame russian hackers😂 
have a good tuesday tuesdaymotiv 
shalabh kumar: elect hillari will mean ‘the end of thi american civilization’! 
"boom💥 ""the vast major of head of the klan have all been democrats."" ~ dineshdsouza "
lrt tw: polic brutal blacklivesmatt
 I just want to do the same!
each lie is a brick for the wall! basketofdeplor deplorables4trump 
that would be pretti fair 
I bet even liber would agre that thi is total bullshit 
experts: No clear crimin case over trump tax disclosur  news
"trump: ""hillari doesn't know where clinton foundat end and the sate depart begins""mstrumpr "
these girl in cage were burn alive!feel the 'religion of peace'! 
politweec doe he deserv to die
that' what give power back to the peopl realli ismakeamericagreatagain 
scoobi doobi gang stonedcomicbook
"jan brewer on democrats: everi time you disagre with democrats, no matter which subject it is, you'r A bigot OR R… "
We all live with a zombi nazarene. makemusicreligi
nake trump shock peopl around the countri 
sextingwentwrongwhen 'not delivered'
If we are unarm the radic muslim will have an easier job of slaughter us and rape our women guns4ni
love is the emblem of etern
west york mayor want to be like trump and lost hi job 
austria' interior minist say presidenti elect re-run postpon  news
It is better to fail in origin than to succeed in imitation.
democrat ask for investig of trump foundat donat 
"""there' no plastic surgeri for soul."" -girlcod iamonfir"
iamonfir isn't the best worth the wait?
ireallylikeyoubut I would rather be honest with myself.
"VP pence: ""let me assur you, america' obamacar nightmar is about to end."" cpac cpac2017 "
"dnc file scath rebuttal, want fraud lawsuit file by berni backer thrown out "
No one die in libyabadjudgmentin5word 
mybedroomin3word An imaginari dungeon
My prayer go out to all peopl involv with thi incid along with their famili guns4ni
 beauti video!!
If you attempt to lie me look at my eye - don't be under delusion! I alreadi lie you pretend that I believ you usa imho
realdonaldtrump amaz to see mani black &amp; white arm in arm show uniti for trump! 
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
teapartynew g20 
di Of the spider woman midnight dumberbroadway
reasonstogetdivorc he didn't like my danc practic 
correct you'r grammar thingspeopleontwitterlik
thi man wa stand in front of trump tower today. 
it’ becom more danger for gay to come out to the gay commun as conserv than come out as gay 
pence: 'captain humayun khan is an american hero': gop vice presidenti nomine mike penc tri sunday to p... 
icecollar I chang my mind realli quick😉
the last thong summeramovi
haven't ever think about whi there are more white nominees… oscarhasnocolor oscar
there are so mani peopl out there who will tell you that you can't. what you'v got to do is turn around and say
60 minnow fishtv midnight
istartcryingwhen I realiz that hillari or trump are our presidenti candid
islamistheproblem  :( prayforbrussel
reasonstoprotest justif for punch peopl in the face
foke trump campaign final admit that obama is an american - but say clinton wa the one who rais ...  foke
dream of you mypreworkoutroutin
We built thi church  makemusicreligi
"factcheck: christie, giuliani spin trump' tax "
clash erupt at jerusalem shrine for third day
sometimesitsokto begin your day with some champagn 
'radic islamist terror make no distinct between shade of infidel' ~ benjamin netanyahumunich 
"problem are not stop signs, they are guidelines.  – robert H. schuller"
crookedhillari maga votetrump  crook clinton media get ear from trump crowd!   trumpforpresid
hillari clinton to campaign in cleveland area on friday  polit
hoy si se asoma la primavera por fin
"freak awesom I wonder how much it cost probabl 60,000 or more "
topnew half of republican would reject elect result if clinton wins: reuters/ipso
narrat people' lives: At the market! (call them out xd) 💁 
"well, she misspel the dnc dramat wrong! hillaryforprison2016 "
imtoooldfor all night watch movi
some media are showing(manipul and controlling) election2016 poll to confus voters? tgdn pjnet tcot
you know you have a bestfriend when it the one whom you tell everyth to and whom you love with all your heart.&amp;lt;3
To get an oscar you have to deserv it!!! oscarsoblack oscarhasnocolor
chill out with brother is alway great 😝 😝 😝
pike and molli fishtv
it' time to forg anew the chain of the constitut in fire of liberti articlev cosproject tcot ccot pjnet 
i'm tri to be nice. | watch raven wired:  
"If a man aspir to the highest place, it is no dishonor to him to halt at the second, or even at the third."
that` ador 
5 thing clinton need to do to win first presidenti debat
"they infect you with stupidity, extrem contagious!hillaryforprison2k16 "
trumpwinsbecaus hi speech remind me of reagan
seem like mercuri is aliv 
"hillari clinton mobil hollywood, politico to campaign for her in ohio  polit"
matthi_bolt würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
european tend to support muslim banban the religionofpeace! 
mynewcatchphrasei leightweight chocker
dimwittedgeniu oh snap. i wish i haven't seen that
not just peanut superheropresidentialslogan
"2016 democrat nation convent day 2: who' speaking, where to watch  polit"
potuslasttweet sell my twitter account for $1 million
catnipwoman stonedcomicbook
"joy maloney, va. school board member, arrest at donald trump ralli "
whose tax is she go to raise? 🤔 🤔 🤔 
jenn_abram such a huge pile of money!
thingsinventedwhilehigh nachos!
I peed on your rug. potuslasttweet
We gon' sex everi day
sda: lunch money surrend  tcot tlot tgdn
hillari clinton is president! whatiwantforchristmasin4word
mad at the truth? offend by our culture? whi come here? 
"the evolut of thought about trump .from ""what a hell he is doing"" to ""he is too damn right!"" hmm..."
they just wanna see more illeg in US demdeb  demdebatemiami
If i'd know thi is how it work i'd cri last year when it wa oscarsoblack. look like ol alsharpton ha a new gig oscarhasnocolor
trump surrog question msnbc host’ ancestri while defen...  |  
donald trump: it' time to have a new american future. We are go to chang our immigr system to reflect ame… 
 useless stuff but fun!
you are fire 3wordstoregret 
"We can chang our lives. We can do, have, and be exactli what we wish."
that' how it works😉liberallog tcot maga 
"gold star mother slam potu ""the bottom line is my son wa kill by.. islam terrorists.. call them what they a… "
just one trump polici alon could make a huge differ   term limit   vote2016 votetrump trumpforpresid
well fund crisi line spsm whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"topvideo clinton call fbi letter on email ""deepli troubling"" "
donald trump by donald trump
the 2016 race: whi the whole trump-clinton elect cou...  news |  
I want you  valentinesdayin3word
the flag isn't the real reason 
dear msmwant respect? Be better. medialiesagain 
"petertaub sehr geehrter herr tauber, würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
muslim unit against trump.. have you ever seen them unit against terrorism?! 
red sox trade napoli to texa
topvideo trump will be 'fair and humane' on immigration: trump campaign manag 
valley OF the doll californiamovi
get readi for obama’ ‘octob surprise’ in iraq: If iraqi and kurdish troops—with stepped-up u.s. support—re... 
dy my ball purpl easterin4word
focu group wish penc &amp; kain top tickets: darci cartoon  polit
now let' rememb what wa in the beginning. In the begin it wa freddiegray' death baltimorevsrac
anoth fan of allah stab 8 peopl in minnesota. If muslim don't approv it where' the outcry? wakeupamerica 
thi is the face of the establish in washington d.c.wearethemedia wakeupamerica 
appar clinton ha 'pneumonia'. whi then secret servic allow littl girl hug infected? hillaryshealth 
ireallylikeyoubut you can't handl your liquor
хиллари клинтон проголосовала на одном из участков нью-йорка. Её сопровождал билл клинтон.electionday vote2016 
survivalguidetothanksgiv eat turkey first
most clinton email to be releas after elect 
"jmlmorelli whoops, sorri man!"
"thank goodness, must hv been other helping! tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris   "
rememb that donald trump is presid with a republican control hous and senate. 
millenni voter wash their hands’ of hillaryclinton as they learn about clintonfound corrupt 
"“law is often but the tyrant' will, and alway so when it violat the right of the individual.” ~ thoma jefferson ccot polit fyi"
idrunforpresidentif my parti pictur weren't share all over the internet
colin powel say hillari clinton lie about 'person email advice' 
 arianna is so sexi
it' all over. hillari lose the election. ctr can't do anyth now to fake the numbers.electionday vote 
kid shoot up church = we need stricter gun laws. muslim shoot up pari = we need less strict syrianrefuge vet islamkil
"trumpbecaus dont let these idiots, that would be the liberals, drag thi countri down.  vote for trump"
just like they did to tamir ricetyrekingtamirric 
 I want one like this!
"while they were say that islam is ""the religion of peace."" too mani isi support among the 'moderates!' "
stopislam islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
election2016 A vote for hillaryforprison2016 is to acceler the fall of the usa.  A vote for donaldtrump delay th… trumpforpresid
the latest: gop chair reject critic of soldier' parent  busi
MT bcwilliams92: stand up for america mean stand up for god who ha bless our land ccot  renewu pjnet
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""I love you, son."""
hillari clinton be brief by fbi on intellig matter  polit
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
imtoooldfor date
god can be realiz through all paths. all religions...
veri unsafe! 
comedian aziz ansari take jab at trump dure emmi ceremoni  news
"son kill by muslim in a muslim country, in a war hillari vote for...but khizrkhan attack trump! "
republican presidenti hope get more detail about their first debat in cleveland: onli those ... …
"penc ralli gop faith  run mate accept VP nod and set stage for trump, slam clinton as ‘secretary... "
policemen are alway readi to help if someth happen honorforthebrav 
break video : pennsylvania vote machin flip vote from trump to clinton  
giftideasforpolitician tutori on how to not fuck up
rememb when trump didn’t want cruz’ endors  polit
todolistbeforechristma send these peopl to canada 
donald trump would break ronald reagan' record as oldest person to becom presid of the unit states: donal...  cleveland polit
she'll say anyth to keep get donat from leader of islam countriesneverforget 
thingsyoucantignor that girl can be pervert too and that' ok 
ifiwereyourmom foxnews: happi mothersday! 
fake and therefor by law of natur gay 
"the huffington post delet articl say trump wa right about sweden. but no worries, we save it for you. "
"donald trump visit flint church, ask to leav polit out of speech  polit"
... 
two victim identifi in tripl homicid on cleveland' east side: the cuyahoga counti medic examin ha identified…
gang member chant “black live matter” while beat Up white victim 
most liber presid ever who push hi alt left agenda through execut order and divid the nation thanksobama
ktla bye bye barack obama 
We read all these newspap and continu think we have the freedom of speech but it' wrong! slaveryofspeech
"iamonfir ""it take courag to grow up and becom who you realli are."" - e.e. cum"
for real 
not smile enough? hillari clinton say she will stay se...  news |  
syria tcot syria peac talk threaten as regim launch 'unprecedented' assault: russia...  islam terror
i'll be bach onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"when someon love you, the way they say your name is different. you know that your name is safe in their mouth"
imagin there' no countries. It isn't hard to do. noth to kill or die for and no religion too
close croatian elect point to continu uncertainti  news
can’t you see that lib don’t understand what’ go on in our countri in realiti gopdebatesc
"new attack Ad link gov. rauner, illinoi gop To trump "
"garthworld bush, cheney, obama, clinton and all their buddi are fuck war criminals."
ihatepokemongobecaus it' just more bread and circus distract while the world is on fire.
donald trump to hold columbu ralli on monday: trump is set to hold a ralli at the greater columbu convent c...  cleveland polit
nwz_xxx worldofhashtag be patient ☺️
patriot act wa actual in 2001. but' not actual now surveillanceday
politico polit paul ryan to urg conserv unity: He is to address the heritag actio...  uniteblu tcot
hous pass sept. 11 legisl as obama veto threat loom 
“we know the road to freedom ha alway been stalk by death.”angeladavispowerofwomen 
under the mexican law illeg immigr is a feloni punish by up to 2 year In prisontrumpmexicotripsay 
thingsyoucantignor  boil in the wrong place
"I love go to disneyworld, but I have have to wait in line to get on their rides. ilove__butihate__ …"
foke clinton' aid plan to joke about obama be born in kenya to deal with email scandal  foke
black woman call 911 dure traffic stop becaus she fear cop — who then attack her. 
whenitimetravel inigo montoya' father will be saved. 
hous speaker paul ryan tell gop lawmak that he won’t defend or campaign with donald trump 
3wordsbetterthanilovey mommi love you
"81dvw If I got you correctli my respons is ""they can't read"""
My chemic romanc reunion whatiwantforchristmasin4word
MT josepheach: cruzcrew know tedcruz ha staunchli defend their principl
topnew obama join other world leader to creat new ocean sanctuari
islam is the real waronwomen! 
slaveryofspeech  the west is oper on doubl standard on free speech and freedom of press
"logansc83 don't badmouth mlk, lol!"
"mike pence: ""we can't trust hillari clinton with our health care ani more than we can trust her with classifi inf… "
dr. philet fishtv
damn. they are still go to build the islam museum at the ground zero. obama the muslim backstab america. 
what doe your conscienc say? — 'you should becom the person you are'.
trumpbecaus militari live matter! trumpforpresid ✊🏿💪
watch porn!
buzzfeednew thi is heartbreak
can't be unseen 
redistribut of the coin toss. iowacaucu feelthebern wakeupamerica 
real donald trump quot read by 'futurama's' zapp brannigan  break
italian artist plow get well messag to hillari clinton  |  
make2016wors clinton win in november. 
hamburg! lass dich von dem linksextremismu nicht einschüchtern! gute nacht! g20hh17 g20 
decis 2016: donald trump challeng legitimaci of elect 
that` realli funni 
guns4ni it doesn't matter if the bugler ha a gun or not if someon break in my home and im their they are go to die
thi is madness! voter fraud also caught on tape in philadelphia!electionnight 
georg harrison estat offend that rnc use hi music  |  
trump son to weiner: 'go back to your cave' 
attention! trumptrain is roll into florida ralli in everi town! DM us if you want to paint florida red! 
topvideo kerri rais dnc email issu with lavrov 
penc schedul ralli in westmoreland counti tuesday 
i'm look forward to see what will happen to so-cal mass media after trump' inaugurationtrumpwon fakenew 
michel obama: 'hillari ha never quit on anyth in her life!'wow! what about them👇demsinphilli 
look who' talk while look over your shoulder for somebodi more import californiamovi midnight
my2017resolut to stop work 
even after dncleak berni sander still sell out supporters.. So sad!demsinphilli 
"unlik traitor obama &amp; hillary, trump alway take time out to thank our polic officers!trumpafacttrumpwon "
you'r just too good to be true love feel
"""christian faith is not the past, but the present and the future. make it stronger."" ~ donald trump "
midget joke thingspeopleontwitterlik 
donald trump claim fox moder megyn kelli bomb in republican debat
2016electionin3word just stay home
A band call clinton makeamoviehillari
"polic everywhere, justic nowhere. "
syrian opposit leader plead donald trump for help 
somedayidliketose me stab you in the face
bill are paid  3wordsbetterthanilovey
clinton pay visit to a charlott church to acknowledg pain in wake of city’ unrest  polit
👍 
twittercanbeabit of a slut.  -facebook talk about twitter.
donald trump is see a cuyahoga counti thaw: ohio polit roundup  polit
I don't see refuge here I see invaders! 
guess we'll never know 
with true friends… even water drunk togeth is sweet enough.
A bigger benghazi cover-up say sever Sr gen  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
"🔴 In hamburg-barmbek ist bei einem messer-angriff ein mensch um leben gekommen ""toter"" "
"the 330,000-member polic union endors trump for presid "
trumpbecaus peopl must work togeth for a compani to thrive
icelebratetrumpwith eat lunch for breakfast. If trump' victori isn't an excus I don't know what is.
whenitimetravel I plan on beat hitler at hi own game: kill hitler.
trump vow to press on as gop call grow for him to quit 
donald trump: wikileak e-mail show clinton foundat corrupt  polit
"jenn_abram you lie, there' no such girl anymore!"
monster cars!! 
politweec lmao
iknewweweredoom when they conduct the white hous press brief in russian.
"shawti the street ain't the place to be, i'm tellin you caus it' too late for me, just be better then me"
not the movie.....
 cat be attent whore
merkel ist offen gegenüb anderslautenden meinungen. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
thi ex-cop urg ‘lone wolf patriots’ to attack black live matter activists. He even prepar bullet for us! 
thingspeopleontwitterlik crab about variou things. (I know I sure like that.)
time to make america great again fucker  trump2k16 trumpforpresid
trump plan mexico visit to coincid with immigr speech  polit
"now, I even don`t have to get up to take out garbage! "
motiv unklar: bewaffnet mann in trump-hotel festgenommen   covfef
her mother is all up in your shit  reasonstogetdivorc
some peopl risk their live to makeamericagreatagain. other are call libtard 
"howihandlereject By throw a parti for my rich friends, obviously! 👍🏻 "
superhero wear leggins!! reasoniamnotasuperhero
otherthingstodoin6second take a propapergirl poll
the impuls of tragedi is on to life and more life.
LA LA LA LA tcot pjnet 
you never know what obama might do pplvsisi
"thank to trump, georgia could Be ripe for clinton' pick  polit"
giftideasforpolitician minimum wage. At least it would reflect the real impact they have
don't be what peopl want you to be. Be yourself and find someon who truli love you for what and who you are.
thingspeopleontwitterlik dm' from our TC
"In sign of thaw relations, top sander aid join dnc on confer call as a ‘featur guest’  polit"
obama cut short the sentenc of 111 feder inmat 
valentinesdayin3word I love you
hillaryclinton fuck off bitch. hillaryforprison2016 trump2016 trumpforpresid
the door are nowher near as good as you think they are.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
2A wa creat to prevent case like that! there' no reason to blame it gardencityshoot
chief command leav countri and troop continu to attack.what kind of armi it is? someonewhokillschildren
never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow.  – mark twain
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
offendeveryonein4word woodi allen' girl school 
it' horrific! london look like baghdad! 
trump call for clinton bodyguard to drop their gun and 'see what happen to her' 
bombshel video: trump wa right! watch thi vote machin switch it vote…  
"baltimor struggl to recruit, train addit elect judg "
berni sander say he would have prefer elizabeth warren as hillari clinton' VP pick  polit
chrissussdorf like it too
"dorothiebel timkain people, please, think befor your X!"
put the turkey neck in your pant and let it hang out the zipper hole when you answer the door survivalguidetothanksgiving…
sleep xanax depress sad love momin5word still love her though
gopdeb We need a concerv as our next presid as the liber have alreadi ruin everyth vegasgopdeb
"13 reason republican say hillari clinton belong in prison, not the white hous  polit"
florida! get out and votetrump ! maga  trumpforpresid
👍like If a you can Do this👍 🙌el!t returns🙌 💀not post daily💀 peopleareawesom dunk beelit 
"kostenlos blumen auf der straße, geil! 😂😂happi internationalwomensdayweltfrauentag makehersmil berlin "
breaking🚨polic offic wa attack &amp; injur by protest in charlotte!!i pray for the peace! all live mat… 
it' disturb that the democrat have no problem with the facts. the fact be ignored. wakeupamerica 
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""""hillari clinton for president"" "
demndeb demdeb will there be ani innov in the field of educ
"kain critic 'cozi bromance' between trump, putin  |  "
arrest the polic  antipolicebrutalityday
clinton agre to debat schedule; no word from trump 
chicago polic scandal: rahm emanuel resign demand resignrahm rahmemanuelout
"john mccain slam trump over comments, side with the famili of muslim soldierha he alreadi taken hi endors back?"
make more youtub video whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""let' come back here next week mom!"""
surround yourself with the dreamer
trump reach out to disappoint sander supporters: As berni sander made a case for a hillari clinton pre... 
go on and laugh yourself in half smart
break : ufc hall of famer and brazilian immigr royc graci endors donald trump  
obama administr deni iran cash payment wa ransom for prison  news
"penc endors ryan, despit trump' refus trumppence16 "
tri to steal someone’ soap in the shower mypreworkoutroutin
rip where is the love of christ? sanbernardino  prayers4california
A penni save is worthless - dave barri quot iamonfir
what we know about trump' immigr plan  polit |  
"never sit across from aunt mildred, she doesn't wear underwear survivalguidetothanksgiv"
honorforthebrav polic offic are those who chose to be hero in everydaylif
help!  go to dinner with a woman who is vote crookedhillari to cancel out her husband realdonaldtrump vote!
logansc83 just kidding:)
anyon who live within their mean suffers...
"penc say he will releas tax ‘in the next week,’ but trump won’t until after audit  polit"
dnc chair to step down after convention: polit extra: leak email are shake up the democrat nation co...  cleveland polit
songmakesmetearup my way frank sinatra
divid america: how china fuel pain and trump support 
watch anti-trump protest scream in the face of vet daughter: 'f*ck thi flag'thi is a disgrace!… 

No one injur as plane carri republican VP candid mike penc slide off runway at laguardia airport in nyc 
keshatedd jeff_the_janito angryref lol
"if ted mcginley join the cast, your seri is about to get cancel  tvlifelessonsilearn"
measl can travel from one person to thousand of other in less than six weeks. you have to be vaccinated! vaccinateu
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari your weird uncl
trump advis wage covert influenc campaign 
see how berniesand broke heart of hi supporters!it wa realli viciou betrayal! demsinphilli 
reasonstogetdivorc she doesn't like the walk dead.
demi lovato onc upload thi photo on instagram but instagram ban it:
donald trump. histori will convict u as a demagogu and a pathet losah!!! move over bull connor
obama to give speech at radic islam mosqu  wakeupamerica impeachobama trump2016 
auf ihrem spielbrett stehen kein holzfiguren. sondern real menschen. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"most of us love from our need to love, not becaus we find someon deserving."
"benefitsofadopt you can actual marri your adopt cousins. oh, that just sound so extrem wrong!.."
everi time mass shoot occur in gunfreezon  prayers4california
"game of B- wait, what? they did? damn it, porn industry, stop take all the cheap, sex puns! maketvsexi"
histor black colleg On the verg Of bankruptci 
clinton’ portrait wa demonstr among a galleri of killer dure the armi present about insid threats. 
bill knows. crookedhillary2016 liar lockherup hillaryprison hillaryli benghazi…  trumpforpresid
trump lead clinton by 3% point in texa 
support thi point blacklivesmatt iamwalt
the most frighten sight for hillari and for her camp! spread thi pic! 
reasonstoprotest  
"In pennsylvania senat race, unfamiliar battl line on gun r...  |  "
demndeb I think that none of them do care about our economi demdeb
hillari doesn't rememb how she wa in favor of muslim profiling. clintonsmemori 
poll find trump and clinton support agre on at least one thing 
the most stress day of the year.. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
the lion king kong addamovieruinamovi
2016electionin3word got away w/it
thingsyoucantignor empti bar fridg
 x)))))
make muffin for breakfast! 4wordgreatidea 
the latest: trump claim bad poll are 'phony' 
obamalegacyoffailur is liter a manual to fail the most power countri in the world just in 8 year 
 he is wonderful!!!
"If you train hard, you’ll not onli be hard, you’ll be hard to beat."
breaking!!! peña nieto say he ha had a veri construct meet with donald trump!! 
it' not a secret that obama grew up in muslim famili and traditions. So he obvious cannot go against them.goodnightisi
oscar ha no color! oscarsoblack  oscarsowhit oscarhasnocolor oscar
discrimin :-( obama to visit mosque...indiana corpor concern over lack of gay discri...  uniteblu tcot
open to immigrants. mybedroomin3word
that wa awesom 
reasonstoleaveeu IT IS absolut undemocratic!!!
childrenthinkthat angel come
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
"gross: No actual econom polici from clinton, trump  polit"
the cub will never take the seri home. just watch!  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
".ingrahamangle: ""we'r suppos to now take in 100k+ peopl &amp; think it' all go to work out well?"" "
over/und on win for laker in 2016-17 rejecteddebatetop
"On a mountain he sits, not of gold but of shit"
 wow!!!!
"everyth is funny, as long as it' happen to somebodi else.  – will roger"
stonedcomicbook hash gordon
I recommend get your heart trampl on to anyon
"3wordsbetterthanilovey ""there' free food"" (technic four but whatevs)"
"the latest: trump: claim of putin bromanc ""new joke""  polit"
Of cours metal!! 
"look dawg I don't roam with the poodles, differ is i'm eat in rome and your eat roman noodl  – lloyd bank"
"donald trump: ""if you look at bill clinton, far wors - mine are word and hi wa action."" debat"
thi is roof shop cart. 
mittelstand und industri bilden da rückgrat unser wirtschaft merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
erfolg prägen genauso wie enttäuschungen. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
betteralternativetodeb   watch star war on iphon watch
US navi guid missil destroy wa target in a fail missil attack from territori in yemen control by… 
these girl in cage were burn alive!feel the 'religion of peace'! 
penguin are realli lgbt-friendli 
harri and the dave henderson' athleticstvshow
the golden fish fishtv
mccaskil to speak at final night of democrat nation convent  polit
".realdonaldtrump: ""immigr reform should mean improv to our polici to make life better for our citizens"" "
onli 1 protest charg out of more than 450 arrest in dtla anti-trump action  
donald trump warn chines financi crisi will lead to depress
topnew pressur on trump like to be intens at second debat with clinton
realdonaldtrump pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
"realdonaldtrump: ""thi administr ha fail america’ inner cities.""rncincl trumppence16 "
"US state dept. spokesperson j.kirby: russia will continu to send peopl home in bodi bags, lose resources, perha… "
donald trump hire first and deal with background question...  |  
give a man a fish and he ha food for a day
jare fogle: anoth vip claim to help children but who allegedli harm them
time to elimin isi from our homeland!!! 4 US we stand! isisingarland
half you boy better pray your daughter never run into a guy like you
"fuck it, they invit to the cookoutwhit silenc = violenceblacklivesmatt "
here' hillari clinton' mansion...debatenight debat 
the prism of my heart   conspiracysong
scottinsc cheer
'if we want to remain a free and open societi we have to control our borders.' - donald trump 
".mercedesschlapp: “hispan and republican hispan in particular, want border security.” thegophasbecom "
newt gingrich: polit coup is what’ happen to america right now draintheswamp 
"islamkil dat dringt echt nog ni door dat het echt hier gebeurd is, hier in belgië brusselsattack prayforbrussel brussel"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you use word in the wrong context to sound smart and it doesn't make sense..
"obama tout progress on islam state, warn of small-scal attack  news"
dumberbroadway midnight nose off!
terrorizem We must do all our best to fight the terrorist
islamkil Tu te réveill avec ce inform ... trist journé prayforbrussel
stop kill nativ peopl in dakotanodapl standingrock survivalguidetothanksgiv 
thi sum up everyth hillari will say today. debatenight debat debates2016 
"islamkil speechless...anoth vicious, cowardli terror attack on innoc prayforbrussel stopislam"
peopl who respect US constitut must rule the countri gopdeb vegasgopdeb 
"enjoy your day of freedom until the ""patriot"" act is back surveillanceday"
"therevboblevi unfortunately, liber just can't do it. they can have a dialogu onli with those who agre to everyth they say &amp; demand"
the encino manchurian candid addamovieruinamovi
"don't over think, just let it go"
busi befor pleasur
brit made UK great again!
"He appear to have been shot in the back, with hi hand in the air. tyranni 2A ccot  "
"dieselverbot in münchen: gegner prophezeien ""katastrophe"" "
"merkel will, dass europa sein kräfte bündelt. ja, nur zusammen werden wir stark! da ist mein kanzlerin 😀"
"survivalguidetothanksgiv let the fir phrase you say be: I do crossfit, vape and i'm vegan everybodi will avoid talk to you"
donttellanyonebut 100% of murder have kill someon
allmalereboot exhaust - (exhale)
topnew A wast of money? trump' border wall fall flat in arizona: reuters/ipso poll
breaking: border wall will be fund by 20 percent import tax on mexican goods.
julian assang say clinton leak might come as earli as next week 
doggi gangsta 
makeabookwarm the other side of vatican  vatican jithendraantonio
I sometim think my head is so larg becaus it is so full of dreams.  – joseph merrick
"ужасные кадры.боевики ""джунд аль-акса"" в северной хаме казнили 13-летного мальчика, которого ранее обвиняли в оско… "
fishtv midnight wheel Of fish  realandspectacular
geriatr dog ward mybedroomin3word
"i'm so fed up, boy you got me mess up, if you hit me back up. don't press your lucki today, today, i'm blow you away."
the scent of a pretti woman addamovieruinamovi
ihr bescheidenheit steht außer frage merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
"topvideo clinton: kill of black men by polic ""intolerable"" "
"If you jump the fenc at the dnc, you get arrestedif you jump the fenc at the mexican border, you get to speak at the dnc¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
makesexawkwardin5word I captur the whole event.
"I am all that I was, all that I am, but not yet all that I will be."
trump foundat say It stop solicit donat in n.y.  polit
lmao 
"We defend and we build a way of life, not for america alone, but for all mankind."
happybirthdayharrytruman he’ among top 10 presid of the US 
".greggutfeld: ""the truth is now the bull in hillary' china shop.""podestaemails28 "
"hillaryforprison2016 should be familiar with the feel ""realiti bites""  lol  trumpforpresid"
wishingzalfi yup vote for hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
topvideo trump call for nation goal of 4 pct u.s. econom growth 
"sorri liberals, the russian didn't hack podesta. the careless moron just lost hi blackberri in a DC cab!"
hackinghillari I think that someon (probabl putin) hack her health. 
ilikepeoplewho feed me
worstwaystoapolog I onli did it with her becaus i'm in love with you! 
jenn_abram historyinpix nice one!
ex-subway spokesman jare fogl put blame on parent of femal victim 
trumpbecaus he wont creat obamacar 👲🏿👰🏿💩
politweec interest
myemmynominationwouldb lead singer in a shower
what christi said when ask if he' 'comfort with donald trump as president' 
"""if potus' campaign on compani time isn't violat of hatch act, then how is comey do hi job a violat o… "
We have to bomb isi and then there will be no problem with the refuge vegasgopdeb
I brought you pizza showyourlovein4word
politweec boyscout they should be ashamed!!!
foxi box sexysport midnight
the portland happi trailblaz sexysport midnight
Is there ani need for protect if there are no threats? thank to our esteem presid we have lot' of them. 
realdonaldtrump great poll! make america great again! 
iknewweweredoom when the colonel show up 
keep your dream alive. dream is still how the strong survive. –oliv and compani
clinton cancel california trip after health incid at 9/11 event (video) 
weed is destroy public health! junkieu
that wa cute. not twerk but cute 
"the latest meithu, le journal!  thank to lesmariann qfere jlmagaz haiti hillary4prison trumpforpresid"
berni sander endors crimin pro-tpp hillari clinton. sellout!p.s. No refund to donations! feelthebern 
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel i send all of my love to those affect pleas tri to stay safe
the latest: bill clinton slam gop 'cartoon' version of wife  busi
victoria' secret fashion show 
If you pay attent you won't be fooled. just listen to what democrat support are promot right nowtrump2016 
"kill, cry, repeatrefugeeswelcom "
it' frihday! don't miss on tonight!
"If hillari accept gift from foreign govts. then If elected, her allegi will be to donor wish but not to t… "
these 2 women shouldn't drink ani more! too much hangov effect for our countries!
We need more sheriff and leader that are smart like sheriff paul van blarcum guns4ni
meet 3 women whose live were ruin by muslim traditions! thi is true face of 'religion of peace'! 
fellow republican still wait for trump’ promis cash  news
it done with us turn into a hashtags. We are out there. black. strong. proud.  fergusonrememb
"On eve of hillari clinton' nomination, a histor moment is overshadow  news"
"the cruelest kind of love, the one that almost kill it victims... it' call unrequit love."
 veri nice work!
"turok, stone of son  stonedcomicbook midnight"
"sabin durden: “donald is a lifesaver, gave me the boost I need to keep go and keep tell dominic’ story.” "
silicon valley secur exec name in wikileak post on dnc  tech
top 10 sacha baron cohen moment 
iamthankfulfor My bestfriend ❤
pamela_moore13 podestaemails14 
clinton lead over trump widen to 10 point in latest track poll 
halloween candi that been open   thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
"trumpbecaus A pro look at the people, becaus they know busi is about peopl"
nake hillari clinton statu caus a stir in new york  news
wa für ein wunderschön tag! heut ist international frauentag und ich gretulier euch😘weltfrauentag… 
snap dog face filter  mustbeban
whyimgangsta my G I joe is my best friend
how trump could win the gener elect  polit
trumpsfavoriteheadlin 'let them eat cake': trump As popular as mari antoinett
"today we fix a broken polit system, million are go to votetrump"
msm will never show you these protesters..demsinphillydemconvent 
Is clinton' financi advantag over trump narrow as poll get closer? 
midnight onewordoffmoviequot everyth is awful!!!!
promot texa suggest that everi our victori is TX made and it' obama' administr that stand on the way. 
gopdeb trump hit new high in poll vegasgopdeb
"todaycleveland thug are an endang species, but they are still there"
when you hate clinton but you hate trump even more so you give your vote to hillari like imwithh 
it' disturb that the democrat have no problem with the facts. the fact be ignored. wakeupamerica 
"donald trump: ""histori is watch us now, wait to see if we will rise to the moment. We have to rise.""… "
"well, if you call mother of murder children a hate group, you'r the problemtrumpaz "
thi is not about democrat vs republicans. thi elect is about the statu quo-polit class VS We the people… 
I think of life as a good book. the further...
trump confront 'common decency'  news
stinsonsay jukes_h I thought I wa the onli one who think about foxes...
hillari herself can't particip in hillarysolymp due to poor health condition. 
one of my favourites!! 😂😂 
"trumpbecaus you have to think anyway, so whi not think big? trump2016 🎅🏿👅👈🏿"
life doe not have to be perfect to be wonderful.
donald trump about to make thing even more uncomfort for the gop
"5 big thing about clinton plan to rev economy, which includ a few swipe at trump"
hack email provid more evid state dept. may have help hillaryclinton campaign leak investig info 
ichbindasschon da ist kompromiss
norleansdaili naked...wait..nak jog? wtf
allen west thi must be made into a film  RT seal6shootdown ccot tcot stopsharia 
fact check: trump get hi mideast histori wrong 
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
foundat tie bedevil hillari clinton’ presidenti campaign  |  
I think authorities’ inact is the reason of these riots! baltimorevsrac
"it' never too late  – never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. -jane fonda"
liber will final understand it tcot pjnet 
"""all the republican who back away from donald look realli realli stupid right now."" ~ laura ingraham "
icelebratetrumpwith vodka shots. nvm that it' not even noon yet
betteralternativetodeb pin the jfk assassin on giselleevn
luke stairlft superoldhero
these are fresnel prism glass that hillari wa wearing...design for peopl with brain damage!hillaryshealth 
dnc live: clinton get independ boost from bloomberg  polit
ohio state univers shooter is dead and it' good prayforosu
va. deleg late for rnc vote; DC vote overrul 
got struck By light
nigerian president' wife may not back him at next elect  news
sound interest 
alabama law school student: ‘i’ll kill you n***r—don’t speak to me wrong’spread thi forever. employ need to kn… 
ohh mr. trump you better open up your fuck eyesblacklivesmatt blackhistori 
"bed, pillow, blanket mybedroomin3word "
america defend first amend rights. isi kill anyon for exercis free speech. lib burn the US flag 'to fig… 
MT sdv92: We lie and take your money. No difference. wakeupamerica articlev  cosproject pjnet
2016in4word it is almost over 
lynrd skinhurt   drunkband midnight
celebritycampaignpromis emilia_clark i'm go to break the wheel 
blow yourselv up befor come to america islamkil brussel
"guns4ni enjoy gun is not a strang weird thing, as some anti-gun peopl insist"
I guess the lord made me hard to handle. dierksbentley
"life is a disease: sexual transmitted, and invari fatal.  – neil gaiman"
basebal is nineti percent mental
christmasaftermath breakfast 
midnight  fishtv 60 minnow
'the daili show' dissect donald trump' attempt To win black ...  |  
breaking🚨6 peopl shot in baltimor - 4 critical.. 
celtic take bull by horn with warrior up next resignrahm rahmemanuelout
weapon ban is total unjustic 2A gardencityshoot
rudi giuliani: 'where' blacklivesmatt when six kid get shot in chicago by other black kids?' 
winter is great becaus I can alway wear huge sweater and nobodi ha to know if i’m wear a bra or not
hillaryforprison2016 trump2016  trumpforpresid 
liber are critic trump support for trumpcup. the same liber who shat enough brick to built the godd… 
well done is better than well said.  – benjamin franklin
.realdonaldtrump...no match for him!
cheaper than be marri reasonstogetdivorc
"vice presidenti nomine mike penc take center stage at rnc: cleveland - sport a deep blue tie, and standi...  cleveland polit"
sheriff clarke: 'black american are be 'hoodwinked' by democrats' 
michel obama to campaign for clinton in pittsburgh 
omg!!!!!!! they are soooo cuuuute!!! 
"babi smear In chocol  mustbeban it look disgusting, guy "
trend alert!w need more rt to send sickhillari to hospital! 
reasonstogetdivorc tie up comput
john kerri ‘walk away three times’ from irantalk
pat smith on benghazi: “I blame hillari clinton person for the death of my son.” rncincl neverhillari 
the memori I want to forget is goodby
My favorit moulson maketvshowscanadian
mikebrown would be so proud we still didn’t give up fergusonrememb
texa lt. gov. confront obama over polic shoot  news |  
ireallylikeyoubut stop be so insecur bae.
life' like sailing. you'r better to enjoy your journey on the ship instead of wait to reach the destination.
"poem about ""green energy"", a la seuss:  keyston energi green liberti pjnet 1"
weapon is the onli way to resist prayers4california
disruptj20 idiot will die idiot 
ihavearighttoknow whi we still consid ourselv a 'civilis society' when we still have a class system.  i'm a dumb dumb.
"then I saw her face, now i'm a retriev  dogsong  midnight"
"delmor schwartz: major write is to say what ha been seen, so that it need never be said again. iamonfir"
awesome!!! 
anyon feel me?
"dana perino: ""donald trump ha done a veri good job sinc the convent of consolid the republican vote.""""t… "
they are lose control and they are terrifi there will be no 'puppet-in-chief' 
climat chang loom larg in obama' final trip to asia  news
"dnc day 2: clinton' histor nomination, more top moment  polit"
secondhandgift virgin' blood to make a wish
saw VI betteralternativetodeb
mexican minist say prepar to 'talk to the devil' if trump win  world news
japanamovi dude where' my hair? midnight
friendshipin5wordsit' someth about self-devot 
"In philadelphia, rumor give way to an ordinari elect  "
dogthank take 2 capsul with a slice of toast and a tablespoon of acv v
to small slope ..bore 
islamkil prioriti -1.protect homeland. 2. veteran b4 refuge brussel
donald trump face last chanc to right sink campaign at debat 
thingspeopleontwitterlik jenkem
"dear liberals, you seem worri about trump foundation. pleas check into clinton foundat &amp; 'pay to play' then come back to…"
baroqu man addcartoonstohistori midnight 
wearhoodiefortrayvon and tell the govt that we won’t forgiv it!! 
bencarson2016 first iowa speech  iowa tcot We need him to run  
"contrari to vote-rig claim from donald trump and others, your vote is safe in cuyahoga county:...  polit"
how mani woke dem do we have on demdeb demndeb
presid bill clinton on thi day sign the defens of marriag act (doma) into law. the damag wa done!… 
"life isn't a bitch, life is a beauti women, you just call her a bitch becaus she won't let you get that pussi  – aesop rock"
the lord hear thee in the day of troubl
obama’ immigr action is aw illegalamigoz
florida muslim leader zakkout spread claim 'holocaust wa faked' 
"the latest: michel obama, biden work for clinton thi week "
"brockturn is the literal, walking, breathing, definit of whiteprivilege. "
there wa a sale for MD degre so everi american got it? 
"Go on, europe, import some more of thi religionofpeac islamkil  islamkil"
immigr still feel free to invad the US and obama say everyth is ok! slaveryofspeech
howtoloseyourjob - bring In A note from your mom say you don't have To particip
thank you seth richmay your sacrific not be in vain. maga dncleaksdnc 
topvideo trump hotel open just block from the white hous 
".realdonaldtrump: ""I hate the way our veteran have been treat by john [mccain] and other people..."" "
hillari rotten clinton claim gun don't keep us safe yet she is guard by hundr of arm secret servic agents! 
ihavearighttoknow when peopl are offici 'off fleek'
trump campaign statement ON trump’ visit TO mexicotrumpenmexico 
put lsd in the coffe pot howtoloseyourjob 
hillaryclinton disclos classifi secret to foreign leader for cash 
joebiden biden :-) US vice-presid biden' son continu to buy ga asset in ukraine: en...  uniteblu tcot
baltimorepost rip
"hey guys, there' also a great book the defender: how the legendari black newspap chang america blackpressday"
all you need to know about hillari clinton in thi photo with soldier with sign of coercion. clinton = end of usa 
thingsnottaughtatschool small talk skill
these peopl are gonna be the first to die if a war ever broke out 
obama want gener drug option gone: nyt endors secret trade agreement unavail To the public  tcot pjnet
listen as jess jackson destroy the 'trump' a racist' narr dem ha absolut destroy the black commun 
what for?! 
donald trump’ campaign hire ex-christi aid to bolster p...  |  
hillary’ playbook for rig the elect just leaked! what’ insid will kill her…  
die cdu-geführt bundesregierung trägt ein erheblich verantwortung in den großen krisen unser zeit merkelmussbleiben
"teri johnson, gold star mother: ""when I look at the flag, I see hope. I see the best of us.""kaepernick "
you mean it’ next week? whi some g.o.p. senat will skip...  |  
judge: hillari clinton must answer written question in email suit  polit
"podesta: ""it would be better if san bernardino shooter wa white."" they onli care about get vote at ani cost… "
flush with victory! outhous vote favor hillari clinton  news
the best tast ever!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
racism isn’t a ‘phase’ that america went through... 
"""I will not rest until children of everi color in thi countri are fulli includ in the american dream."" ~ trump "
"""we will make sure that those we are admit to our countri share our valu &amp; love our people!""- trump phoenix "
"topvideo rubio tell rnc: ""it' time to win in november"" "
we have to control our border strictli texasjihad
"trump on mexican americans: ""I have such great respect for them and their strong valu of family, faith, community"" "
where my lawyer at? you just gave me whiplash. unlikelymagic8ballansw 
from russian with love insultingmovi 
berni sander reign suprem on day one of the democrat nation convention: hillari clinton is set to accept...  cleveland polit
look at all those pennies! that water probabl tast like a butt hole... overheardatthewishingwel
secondhandgift pan fryer
shock video: hillari clinton collaps leav 9/11 memorialhillaryshealth neverforget clintoncollaps 
determin can accomplish almost anything.
ohio cop shatter windshield of polic cruiser with handcuf black man' face. stop polic brutality! 
hillari clinton: ‘we’ll fix it together’  polit
christmasaftermath i'm full 
"jesu creat it, right "
hillari took $12 million from moroccan king as quid pro quo podestaemails14 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word thi speak for itself. 
trump be trump. all hi appolog are just a delus nevertrump 
the laff-a-lymp in munich addcartoonstohistori midnight
😐😐 
are you still not sure who to vote for?neverhillari 
"you got that someth that keep me so off balance, babi you'r a challenge, let' explor your talent"
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carson "
flavor of lox midnight fishtv

lost hope becaus no more 90 million dollar for vacat for michel obama &amp; friends.
"sanders: some of my support ""will not vote"" clinton  news |  "
kareem abdul-jabbar needl trump: ‘i’m michael jordan’  sport
clinton support watch trump winelectionnight 
"joebiden call out trump in ohio, want to talk about 'critic issues' "
polit expert rate donald trump' accept speech at rnc  polit
hubbard report at poll place on elect day  polit
"😡 ich bin gegen krieg, gegen kriegstreiberei und gegen die rüstungsindustri in deutschland!g20hh17 g20protest"
"flint, michigan now ha nobodi collect the city’ garbage...i thi a genocide?!?!flintwatercrisi "
joeblogsnew prisonplanet thank you
"dhuelo bad girl advice, I guess."
"last saturday trump support notic a cnn report and address him with a demand, chant “tell the truth!”🇺🇸 "
you can show 'too much' support😁😂 
"meanwhile, cnn just be cnn. where were you when obama ban iraqi from enter america? oh, you didn't know?… "
"klinikchef sind sie der  meinung, dass wenn die jugendlichen nicht minderj�hrig w�ren, w�rden sie die cdu w�hlen?  jugendmitmerkel"
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal!trumpenmexico 
thingsthatshouldbecensor realiti tv...do we realli want to hear about the kardashian and honey booboo or the sister…
hashtagnow_d sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"jcarte_ the differ is hillari had a chanc to prevent the deaths, but she didn't take it.if bush had he would'v save them all."
big macbeth onewordoffbook midnight
dies halbinsel lässt unser völker keinen frieden. lassen sie die krim in ruhe… 
blacklivesmatt blm  
"As trump falters, more republican say they’ll block clinton "
and that' whi black vote matter 
demdeb I would like hillari to talk about her strategi concern nation debt demndeb
"I don't care how we met, i'm just happi we did."
"It is better to have enough idea for some of them to be wrong, than to be alway right by have no idea at all.  – edward de bono"
too mani fail nypd.... too manydeborahdann policebrut fuck12 
cdhovey5 becaus he' not
doberman in the mirror dogsong midnight
'poor peopl have been vote democrat for 50 years.. and they'r still poor' ~ charl barkleydemsinphilli 
catch as catch can
wisdom we know is the knowledg of good and evil not the strength to choos between the two.
obama on munich: We don’t yet know exactli what’ happening!reaallllyyyyy? 
conspiracysong I heard about the outbreak on mexican radio
makemehateyouinonephras Do you have a minut to talk about our lord and savior?
"evan mcmullin: ""I don’t think everybodi who support trump is racist or bigot, but I think most bigot &amp; most racis… "
appeal court to weigh block arizona ballot-collect law  polit
realdonaldtrump maga trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 buildthewal to trumpforpresid
music is a bridg between earth and heaven.
i'd say too mani shade 
thingspeopleontwitterlik A pine fresh scent
real beauti is to be true to oneself. that' what make me feel good
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
👍like If a you can Do this👍 🙌el!t returns🙌 💀not post daily💀 peopleareawesom dunk beelit 
red dawn of the dead addamovieruinamovi
"you'll final understand thi john lennon quote...""tim you enjoy wast is not wasted.""  thingstoknowabouttwitt"
seven question for trump hater 
"donald J. trump, center, as a high school senior in 1964 at the new york militari academi "
today is the last day of the week-i hope everyon enjoy independenceday!! cheer
"top trump advis rudi giuliani: ‘until the war is over, anything’ legal’  polit"
keep on defend the religionofpeac 
hezbollah send 5000 fighter to syria in prepar of idlib battl 
".realdonaldtrump: ""they also think the biggest thing is not nuclear, it' not isis, it' not russia, it' not china, it' global warming."""
here’ how trump respond to a question about women and transgend individu in the militari  polit
imwithh becaus I am physic and intellectu lazi 
igetdepressedwhen I hang out in my head to much
"here' lookin' at you, pig! onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
stephani rawlings-blak say trump 'doesn't understand' crime fight 
5 key question from donald trump' tax-return revel 
topvideo deja vu in melania trump' speech 
"deep in their roots, all flower keep the light.  – theodor roethk"
"reality, truth"
"icelebratetrumpwith . no, I don't celebr"
secondhandgift  A basebal cap
hear thi 
imthankfulfor idiots! they will do everyth to earn money and it doesn’t matter if somebodi will suffer. turkey walmart usda
franc is destroy 1868 cathol church while allow 2800 mosqu to be build. islam must be stopped! 
act decidedli and take the consequences. No good is ever done by hesitation.
2016electionin3word god help us
old school for trump!ic cube: donald trump is what american love.. hillari ‘super-predator’ 
"stopislam islamkil If we can't guarante refuge aren't terrorists, whi are we let them in?"
insultingmovi smellboy
"In matter of style, swim with the current; in matter of principle, stand like a rock."
our views: leader should see flood damag for themselv 
isi want to blow america off the map. whi shouldn’t real american put american live first? islamkil stopislam
"""I didn't serve, I wa used"" veteranslivesmatt "
"antonellakalch hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel"
ohn merkel gäbe es schon kein EU merkelmussbleiben
'soro prepar for trump war' We too shall prepar for soro war on democracy!presidenttrumps1sttantrum 
flashback video : when media and establish politician said trump couldn’t win the gop nomination… 
how hillari clinton botch the respons to dalla murdersbluelivesmattertrump2016 
the latest: obama to vouch for clinton' readi for job  busi
u.s. intellig offici probe trump russia adviser: yahoo  polit
"clint eastwood said he'd vote for trump b/c hillari clinton ""gonna follow in obama’ footsteps."" "
"when you realiz how perfect everyth is, you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky."
happi is not someth readi made. It come from your own action
"hey, what about  techcompaniessoasian or constructionsomexican. ya'll nigga just racist  oscarhasnocolor "
one in a million want justic and would have to pay for it
"muslim yell ""allahu akbar"" tri to behead peopl in virginia &amp; media goe silent!"
i'v never heard that establish anti-gun law end good for peopl  gunsup 
tini wall built around trump' hollywood star  via news |  
"between two evils, I alway pick the one I never tri before.  – mae west"
"ojisan61 ""with age come wisdom, but sometim age come alone."" - not be a dick to your friends, just quot oscar wilde..."
trump intern hotel open to jeer in d.c. 
"""I will be tweet about robert pattinson later. enjoy!"
dunc on thi island dumberbroadway
iamthankfulfor the bodi posit movement for show me i'm beauti just the way I am.
america is so racist even the english languag hate muslim 😂😂😂 
gummi bear gryll candyceleb midnight
schönen abend! ich wünsche  euch ein gute nacht und himmlisch träume! 
ostrich effect in action. I can't even imagin someon who could possibl make thi list. smh...wakeupamerica 
"fbi warn clinton campaign about potenti hack -- hillary, kain on the trail, trump with famili -- another... "
"""i'll take a bullet befor u, that' for damn sure. prayforsanbernadino guns4ni"
"anoth huge crowd for trump in kissimmee, florida!wher is cnn coverage?🤔 "
splurging.  valentinesdayin3word  *two hookers!
breast-strok (obviously) midnight sexysport
"christmasaftermath broke up with my partner over the slim trouser I presented. well, someon should have said it to…"
"As trump travel to mexico, kain serv meal at a hispan center in pennsylvania  polit"
I love to see some black start to wake up! spread thi pic! msm won't show it! 
In '08 hillari said she won't drop out of race becaus obama may be assassinated. It wasn't about the 2nd amendment. 
new book reveal massiv clinton/obama cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
"stopislam they want you to believ that none refuge are terrorists, don't be dumb enough to believ them islamkil"
data show nyc’ 'stop and frisk' doesn't work. 
apollo ben 10 addcartoonstohistori midnight
obama to host italy' renzi for state visit oct. 18  world news
"look at your company' dress code, and ask ""what would randi savag do?"" howtoloseyourjob "
"pocatello water is poisoned, who know it? i`m still shake of fear! phosphorusdisast"
realdonaldtrump It wa a great rally! can't wait to see you in the wh!
.secretservic spoke to trump campaign about 2nd amend comment 
"trump releas medic report, say he' healthi  polit"
trump video fallout spare him punish of most ceo  polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut gain more activ follow

iamthankfulfor you guy onedirect
hillaryclinton explain this👇
censorship twitter lock pro-trump account ten_gop w/ 27k+ followers! RT &amp; follow their new account 👉realten_gop! 
"you can't alway get the perfect moment. sometimes, you just have to do the best you can under the circumstances."
twin cheek maketvsexi
für die besserverdienenden scheinen die christdemokraten also mittlerweil erst wahl zu sein. merkelmussbleiben
"texa behavior specialist lose job after pushing, rough up black childblacklivesmatter… "
breaking: hillari clinton wa just caught ON video cheat the election!  
two words: arm wrestl betteralternativetodeb
yes. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
demndeb think care about the question for demdeb becaus their answer might be realli interest
"""those who are guest in our countri that are preach hate will be ask to return home immediately."" - trump "
obama say trump like to send signal of uniti  
you can actual bet on what trump might say next | the auditor 
RT tonimouawad: lock them up next to hillary!! hillaryforprison2016 imvotingbecaus  trumpforpresid
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
atlantabreak thank' god!
itsunacceptableto listen to your music without headphon in public
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart anyth of importance.
ryan’ break from trump prompt talk of gop rebellion  news
.stephenfhay on clinton email scandal: “not onli is the email stori continuing…it’ grow in it seriousness.” 
ishouldgetamedalfor walk into an outlet bookstor and onli spend $10 which take so much of my willpow that i don't realli have
2ndamendmentday how can one resist aggress without equal force?
valentinesdayin3word christma chocol recycled.
"I wa shocked, I couldn't stop trembl for a week or two, bc I wa sure someth els wa come my911stori"
billfrmtheblock trump2k16 trumpforpresid
jarmadillo oouch
hurrican  thingsinventedwhilehigh
wisewizard777 they say their prime minist is handsom
"stopislam In sweden 3 invad accommod were burn in 6 days. ""refugees"" must go home! islamkil"
thingsmydoctorsay hve you watch 'the silenc of the lambs'? My favorit movie!
"stress less, parti more my4wordnewyearsresolut"
« what orat lack in depth they make up for in length. » montesquieu
"probabletrumpstweet as presid I can now date my daughters, tremendous!"
"survivalguidetothanksgiv get grandpa to start talk bout hi young days, he'll bore everyon to sleep, that' the window to escap"
"tim kaine: ""we should all see who the prettiest cross dresser is!!!""  debat betteralternativetodeb "
top shogun japanamovi midnight
'one word: backlash': how trump won frustrat voter  
hang ball from your truck tow hitch mustbeban hick
i'll prove that rum is mightier than the sward mycampaignslogan
"symonedsand fuck cnn, fuck the media, fuck corrupt neverhillari hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
report jionni laval link to ashley madison account
"""we need to be weapon of mass constuction, weappon of mass love. it' not enough to chang the system."""
study: major u.s. citi spend million more on polic than on social program 
hillari is the worst kind of patholog liar -- she endang the right
"the more you like yourself, the less you are like anyon else, which make you unique. –walt disney"
jenn_abram 😭😭😭😭😭
ifiwereyourmom disney: mom are there to lift you up and up and up. ❤️
1️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ go! debatenight  is go to start in 20 minutes!rt if you are sure trump will win tonight!… 
reminder: hillari clinton is with muslims! not with thi poor woman👇 
mustbeban  ani more music from taylor swift.
"No great artist ever see thing as they realli are. If he did, he would ceas to be an artist usa"
I just publish “the ugli truth about debates” 
"guns4ni the offici role of polic is to investigate, not prevent crime"
My favorit video! 
mhettu so rude
trust to the secretservic is gone! they have made too mani mistakes! serviceofnosecret
I stand with polic and NO matter their color! RT if you think the same! 
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord bill and hillari are both too old for take the burden of the countri manag
survivalguidetothanksgiv Go on vacat
I do have common sens reasoniamnotpresid
you know that  i’ll take anyon against clinton. more like clintdown vegasgopdeb
"If a promis so untrue, tell me what will I do?"
topnew trump call for new civil right agenda in visit to black church
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
3wordsbetterthanilovey your disc arrived!
"with the hype over oscarssowhite, I wonder whi no one ask about the lack of divers from int'l cinema oscarhasnocolor"
meangirlsrul your dog must be dress better than at least half of your friend 
midnight stripper pole vault sexysport
".kellyannepolls: If meryl streep care so much about the disabled, she should’v spoken on behalf of the teen who was…"
everi law-abid US citizen ha the right of self protect under 2A regardless of ethnic gardencityshoot
christmasaftermath success surviv a famili dinner with conserv rel
A shot of firebal  otherthingstodoin6second
peopl who said trump wa undermin american democraci are now... undermin american democracy! cut your… 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv  don't. talk. about. politics.  If you can help it, just steer clear of ani polit topic."
thi is epic!! 
liber to stop cri whatiwantforchristmasin4word
If isi Is not islam what Is it? islamkil stopislam
My best friend' wife beater redneckamovi midnight
okay. thi woman is crazy. get her institutionalized. now. hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
whi do they want it? thi system doesn't work 😩 
whi are russian so excit about the birds?? thefac
I hate the feel of be replaced. :( dailyteen
trump: 'second amend people' could deal with ...  via news |  
will beat skill. -kevin constantin
"kremlin: obama' trump critic anti-russian, won't foster better tie  world news"
I am shadow ban again for unknown reasons.. second time dure thi week. twitter desper tri to silenc trump supporters!
"no, he doesn't own gophow do you think our system works? "
spirit gop primari race for state senat seat in southwest counti  polit
louisiana flood: hillari clinton call gov. john bel edward as donald trump tour 
ye lawrence! not mani ppl know this! msm certainli doesn't report it! fought the UN for america! scprimari pjnet  
toilet paper over or under? rejecteddebatetop
hillari clinton wa right about the vast right-w conspiracy. here' whi it exists. 
topnew biden say expect guantanamo prison to close befor obama leav offic
thingstodoinawaitingroom stare at the floor
"get the latest news sort by world,national,local,friend famili at friendlydb tcot freespeech 2016-02-03 04:00:16 "
onewordoffbook white pride and prejudic midnight
fbi to re-open investig into hillari clinton’ email server  news
bacon is readi 3wordsbetterthanilovey
I think gop candid can solv the US problem vegasgopdeb
"imalwaysokwith you just be yourself, that' whi I love you"
continu with the sesh. my4wordnewyearsresolut
nbc’ chuck todd media: 'we knew how hate hillari wa in heartland and we underplay it.' No trust left in soros-… 
"singl doesn't alway mean lonely, and relationship doesn't alway mean happy."
how to get away with lingeri maketvsexi
cthagod staywok
1mrchri hillaryclinton illeg vote don't count
midnight sperm Of endear dickflick pointsm
icelebratetrumpwith a danc 
.ricksantorum commander-in-chief is not an entry-level posit and the oval offic is no place for on the job training.  gop tcot
peopl who are here illeg are protesting. that' exactli whi trump won.deport are awaiting! 
iamonfir wtf is go on here?? 
obama disregard senate’ existence… vow To move ahead On bill without…  pjnet tcot ccot 
"malia obama --twerking, work it, make mom, dad, grandma and america proud"
steph curri with the...... handles!! 
joe biden' awkward hug with hillari clinton is the gift that keep on give  break
I do the best that I can and I hope you understand. jasonaldean
I onli have 1 sugar in my cup of tea whyimgangsta
"sen. mike lee urg trump to quit, as utah republican flee from their party’ presidenti nomine  polit"
"superoldhero the ""watch your mouth!"" men"
"MT shooters_wife: We have one chanc to save our country. don't blow it, america. wakeupamerica  cruzcrew pjnet"
the most oner slaveri is to be a slave to oneself.
"tshirt """
"trump ralli at phoenix, az. globalist will not win! trumpenmexico phoenix "
"rulesforeverydayliv hate, envi and petti are for amateurs. profession improvise, adapt and overcome."
nevertrump call for ‘negoti surrend to hillary’disgrace!  
rememb that blm stand for burn loot murder.charlotteriot 
these guy support trump and proudli wear these shirt around the school! youth4trump 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart awesome! I got everyth I need in half an hour, spent less than I expect"
those who dream by day are cogniz of mani thing which escap those who dream onli by night.
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington ""if that wa good enough for georg washington, it' good enough for me."" ted yoho "
even-keel pirat go for kill in newyork
"trump at ralli in chester, pa: ""hillari doesn't understand democracy. she doesn't understand that she' suppos to… "
"wie geht es weiter mit der roten flora? gut möglich, dass sich die fronten wieder verhärten"
"unlikelymagic8ballansw dammit jim, i'm not a doctor!"
chelsea clinton tout her mom' colleg debt plan in ohio  polit
giftideasforpolitician anoth politician
what an undocu immigr want to tell donald trump  |  
thingsthatshouldbecensor 
ihavearighttoknow what' in trump' tax return
rememb someon who gave the ultim sacrific and use supremesacrificeday
3-d printing... I think i'm gonna like it. 💻 (w/ katherin ann) intelusa experi zone! spon 
reasonstoprotest they forc me to work
miss univers who trump call 'miss piggy' will vote hillari 
samlozadajr thank you =)
ff how do you overcom fear? face it! fear' greatest fear is a fearless competitor!  – lmj
i-4 corridor: voter voic in central florida  polit
hillari publicli support tpp 45 times! now she say she' against it! give me a break! mstrumpral 
these are line that you'll never see at a hillari rally! share them onlin so peopl can see the truth! trump2016 
the second amend is not a polit footbal
"10 million thing I hate about you"""
RT if you agreetcot 2A 
imalwaysokwith go for a run.   when it' over. 
makemusicreligi gonna mecca you a star
I support drbencarson2016  christian pjet tcot independ
who made a pizza use onli burger
there should be zero crime commit by illeg alien becaus there should be zero illeg alien in thi country… 
"RT everyone! the elect is rigged, the US are broken! save texa from come disasters! nov. 5 in your area! DM u… "
"after health care missteps, a chasten hillari clinton emerg "
sometimesitsokto have a proper breakfast 
"essentialclinton hackinghillari she came, she saw, she coughed. "
thingsinventedwhilehigh my kid
"клинтон предположила, что русские хакеры взламывают ее и сотрудников белого дома "
I don't quit incas you haven't notic yet

trump maga trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpwinsbecaus trumptrain  trumpforpresid
Do you feel like not insult enough by trump? hillari think her invent is hillari 
hillari can't make it trough 9/11 memorial..but she want to be the presid of the us🙄hillaryshealth 
what the govern fear most is the day we onc again stand togeth as american - trumpthursdaythought 
He ha had a tough job...to destroy the us. teapartynew 
are your neighbor give money to clinton or trump? these map will show you 
just do your best and take a rest and sing yourself a song. –snow white
putin say ha no idea who hack dnc: bbg  world news
ruinadinnerinonephras 
"donald trump releas ‘deplorables,’ an anti-hillari clin...  news |  "
taylor swift music stream on jay Z site  entertain
whi wa donald trump bash arizona sen. jeff flake on twitter?  polit
did donald trump commit treason?  polit
tofeelbetteri think about what beauti realli is 
child labor on the rise among syrian children as crisi spirals: agenc  world news
fairi tale don't alway have a happi ending.
it’ import for usa to follow suggest direct gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"bsdetector8000 what??? If you impli peopl should print less of the koran copi to save more trees, I agre"
"merkel verzichtet auf blaulicht, wenn sie sich durch berlin fahren lässt. merkelmussbleiben"
trump say ignor mainstream news media  news
"islamkil until all 96m unemploy american have work , illeg"
dumberbroadway midnight jersey boy gone wild
hmm🤔 a guy climb trump tower get more attent from the media than hillari climb step &amp; have a stroke! 
meesa jar jar bink offendeveryonein4word
"stopislam those ""refugees"" rape women in europ and that humane?and legal? islamkil"
"there' so much I need to say to you, so mani reason whi you'r the onli one who realli knew me at all."
make DC listen video commerci  via pattiecurran teamwethepeopl pjnet teamwethepeopl makedclisten
need to close up that rear diff so you can do that with both wheels. 
"summeramovi the good, the bad, the peopl who wear speedo midnight"
guns4ni I reject guncontrol and prais 2a! stand against guncontrol together!
 so funny)
I wish I had a friend like thi
the leagu of stone gentlemen stonedcomicbook
howtoloseyourjob break the coffe machin
obama is mad he got whip by the peopl a few week ago and now he' go to troll america for the last 2 year  illegalamigoz
If it is to be it is up to me. unknown author
sometim it' a form of love just to talk to somebodi that u have noth in common w
islamkil politician need to stop defend isi brussel
massiv sex dungeon mybedroomin3word
"berni sander hope ‘very, very, veri much’ that trump doesn’t seek to jail clinton  "
igetdepressedwhen someon say he doesn’t have ani option except for vote for trump
hillari clinton doctor speak - it' pneumonia! hillaryshealth sickhillari 
"lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day look for it.  – richard whate"
"thingspeopleontwitterlik click on ""sensit material"" and act like it wa a mistak notm "
can we trust the govern that can't protect it' people? islamkil
blacklivesmatt criminaljusticereform standup4innoc endthedeathpenalti banthebox... 
gute nacht mein lieben! träumt süß! 
"In einer neuen umfrag kommt die union auf 40 prozent (plu drei), die spd auf 24 prozent (minu zwei)"
staywok format
unga2015 compar to obama putin look much more confid and prepared. especi on syrian question
trump jr. appear in canonsburg at region campaign offic 
stupid negoti will lead to the spread of nuke weapon kerrydosmth
"explan for idiots: thi joke impli that the far-left are even wors than nazis, becaus they are parasitizin… "
13-j�hrige stirbt nach badeunfal in der ostse  via sternd
they say everyth happen for a reason and peopl chang like the season  – j.cole
"sometimes, you just want to shut the world out and forget all the feel that exist. iamonfir"
Be proud of your culture! happi blackpressday 
"trumpbecaus ""you'r all fired."" I wish donald trump would say that to the US government. trumpforpresid 🛀🏼🎧🎼"
beer eye for the straight guy maketvshowsaustralian
brussel islamkil 22-03-2016 a day which will go into the book as blacktuesday prayforbrussel
"your word can sting like a bee, but they can also tast like honey. let' tri to keep it sweet. iamonfir"
stonedcomicbook powder puff puff pass girl
"tylermoland knowladgeispwr not even close. thi pic honor them it' not triggering. see, they'r not spineless liber pussi"
johnni footlong sexysport midnight
MT datagenesis: jesu carri the cross. we'v got to carri the ball. fca ccot  supportcoachkennedi pjnet
"todolistbeforechristma decor for fruitcake, that mean veri color cloth"
ificouldntli hahaah I guess realdonaldtrump is play with us 
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
"US alway been great?then whi she said in 08, that it wa 1st time she wa ever proud of our country?demsinphilli "
jacksoncitypost It realli work
here are some fact about illeg immigration. 
todayskidswillneverknow what the great countri realli is 
trump seiz lead in battleground ohio  polit
johnsonjoan what' the point of bring it up then? young black inevit start hate white peopl after listen to you. obviously.
rand paul is be a bit outrag about thi patriot act patriotact
can thi happen to me at least onc
14:04 pink yetti! 
(36/37) 37 black men &amp; youth who were kill By polic blacklivesmatt benandjerrysnewflavor …
all you women come along with me sad
"japanamovi To juli newmar,  you'r welcom wong foo. midnight"
bill clinton to campaign in pittsburgh today 
drain. the. swamp. 2016electionin3word
schönen abend 😘 
what went wrong that the japanes start to do this? 
"I learn that if you want to make it bad enough, no matter how bad it is, you can make it. -gale sayer"
"I don’t wanna think anymore, I got my head and my heart on the dancefloor"
hillari clinton ha pneumonia? well thi is a pictur of her infect littl girl. what a leader! hillaryshealth 
defiantlionuk those baptist are act out again in brussels. No one ever said that. islamkil islamkil
"illeg protest with mexican flags, shout ""trump is not my president"" are tell the truth. their president… "
"topvideo doctor, polit expert weigh in on clinton' pneumonia "
"georg washington carver develop over 300 differ use for peanuts, featur good ol' charli brown addcartoonstohistori midnight"
"ken bone doesn't need a telephon booth to change, he alreadi is a super hero.    kenbonefact midnight"
"ted cruz vow to do ""everyth humanli possibl to defeat hillari clinton""watch him phone-bank for trump: "
obama visit la.; foundat doner saw hillari at state (10 thing to know for wednesday) 
modi see elect danger in india' 'dalit queen'  news
new hillari clinton ad. liter sick! 
billclinton call obamacar 'the craziest thing in the world' 
betteralternativetodeb sext with bill clinton 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we should temporarili suspend immigr entir from region where...extrem vet cannot… "
"hillaryforga hillaryclinton It realli doe take a lot to ignor peoplenot so much when the'r are far away, somewher in benghazi"
carp and rec fishtv midnight
die angst der bundesregierung vor donald trumpmerkel und steinmeier hoffen auf einen sieg hillari clinton'
rtifyouar not a terrorist
pantsuitnation: facebook group urg clinton support to suit Up  
these peopl stand in line for 5-6 hour just to get in...hav you ever seen anyon who wa that enthusiast abo… 
"trump: ""A refuge crisis... now threaten the west."" rncincl gopconvent "
donald trump is have a 'yuge' impact on advertis  polit
today women were gift flower in time squar makehersmil nytim nypost gothamist nymag nydailynew 
trump vow to remov million live in countri illeg 
wonder what berni and hillari are gonna offer up in the way of freebi tomorrow night. demdeb demndeb
michel obama think trump will be a bad role model..that' how her daughter do under obama' presidency.. 
"""white live matter"" to be classifi as a hate group by the southern poverti law center "
I will never vote for crookedhillary! I do believ that she'll destroy america! trump2016 
jaredpaulwilson worldvis look like a pretti beauti countri indeed!
ihavetoremindmyself i'm fabulous!
thi pic wa dug up by hillary' campaign in 2007 question where obama wa born!hrcoriginalbirtherbirther 
former bush official: trump could be econom 'disaster'  polit
"respeckthestar you want to compar pregnanc to ill that requir 'all kind of other treatment', genius? your logic is invalid."
here are two more victim of hillaryclinton' crime that media will never tell you about. 
senatorbarb how will you react to the water contamin in the american falls?!
be a complet asshol howtoloseyourjob 
how could govern let it be?  phosphorusdisast
I hate when you have to say goodby to someon you want to spend everi minut with.
islamkil So call refuge are isi fighter
"someon call the doctor, got a case of a love bi-polar"
obama is worst leader. good leader would turn around and left for such disrespect. but obama doesn't respect america 
the presid who uphold hi elect promis buildthewal makeamericagreatagain 
"dope game, rap game, bout the same so far, brag about your benz nigga that aint no car, got shit in my garag that requir a chauffeur"
don`t. touch. me. 
"lt. col. ralph peters: “no one who enter thi countri illeg ever, ever get to vote...” amen!trumpenmexico "
breaking: wikileak email reveal deray mckesson wa vet as a potenti dnc surrog 
tension rise in srebrenica as serb take elect lead  world news
"the VA is wast the taxpay money. they are a disgrac to our veterans, who are still die in wait lines. "
extremegop ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
epic!!! my kid gonna be like thi 
"A reminder: everi time time you make riot you actual prove yourselv to be clueless tools, don't forget about i… "
miracl of the holi prophet (pbuh) oscarformuhammad
whippet good dogsong midnight
"admir gener aladeen, star of ""the dictator"" "
"and GO TO hell, witch! hillaryforprison "
find the differ
father of orlando shooter sight at hillari clinton event 
7 way clinton and democrat will take out trump 
lostin3word donald jerk trump 
toavoidworki zone out 
icelebratetrumpwith hope that america won't spiral into apocalyps
hewillnotdivideu becaus he doesn't want us to be dividedunit we stand! 
makemusicreligi mosqu in music
stopislam islamkil what obama’ motiv is to risk the live of american he had taken an oath to protect?
bart: board presid tom radulovich not seek re-elect  news
oall and hate  drunkband midnight
roscoe_riddl cparispepp aol R U serious?
obama fail to mention the $400 mln payoff sent to iran as 4 american detain in tehran were released.democrats'r take care of the US
"what affect one in a major way, affect all in a minor way.  – martin luther king jr."
"""hillari clinton ask judg to toss defam case file by parent of benghazi""hel no! she need to pay for t… "
ilikepeoplewho don`t give a fuck
bugsi bunni malon midnight  addcartoonstohistori
final find out who let those dog out thefirst100daystodolist
trumpbecaus mrtrump is the man we need at thi time in our history. trumpforpresid 🙈🙉🙊
love thi moment. RT if you think barron trump win inaugur day! 
fine! let' spoil christma with speech on guncontrol and 2A due to one more shooter gardencityshoot
islamkil I see human but no human brusselsattack prayforbrussel brussel
debbi wasserman schultz Is met with jeer at pre-conventio...  |  
"""thi countri need to be shaken up. It need to be shaken to it veri core, and donald trump is do that."" -… "
trumpbecaus wakeupamerica we need trump 👨🏻❤️👨🏻
clinton aid who got immun can also repres her in the veri same case! wakeupamerica 
obama take aim at ‘shameless’ rep. issa over elect mailer  polit
not work anymore. you can't just call anyon you don't like a racist and make him apologize. time to call a spad… 
salmon fish along washington coast do veri well | fish report  sport
lastminutegifts2016 boobs....
not all moron are social justic warrior but...liberallog 
mike penc is a wonder man. i'm extrem impress with him. those half wit stage just want their 15min of f… 
zuckerberg to give away most of hi facebook stock
A pitbul dog with rabies. thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
hope anchor the soul.
fact-check donald trump' immigr speech 
tom and jesu addcartoonstohistori
big! filmsaboutforgettingyourp
howtoloseyourjob have no filter
20 feet from jihad isisamovi
"""it' offens to hispan who did it the right way..to allow illeg to cheat"" ~ cortesstev "
We must stay proud and never forget about essenti things! teapartynewstheteapartypolit 
cannot stop laughing! funni as hell!! 
treat yo' self! valentinesdayin3word
realdonaldtrump thank you for bring hope and chang to america!
colear7 you nail it!
😂 
Ad of the week: donald trump focus on immigr in hi ...  |  
"thi job sux chuck, i'm out...kiss the ring bitch!!! potuslasttweet "
reasoniamnotpresid i’m alreadi the presid of my flat
whi compar yourself with others? No one in the entir world can do a better job of be you than you.
"""rape melania"" sign from those who can't stop shout about rape cultur "
pleas RT If you think A photo ID should Be requir To vote! 
"golden state warrior coach, a hillari clinton supporter, address democrat convent  sport"
whoismuhammad oscarnom good relationship are all about support oscarformuhammad
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" - revclbryant fixmylif "
"it' either work class ""kills"" her, or she kill work classso make your choice!!!! tcot "
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart pardon me, would you have ani grey poupon?"
"watch: chao on the street of london, muslim riot against the police!w will have the same under hillary! "
"thi man wa stop by a white cop, who brutal him to the point of him fear for hi life. "
happi thanksgiv and thank for your service!we'l never forget about it! 
voluptu alway welcom mybedroomin3word
"oscarnom Ya allah, take away anyth from me that take me away from you. oscarformuhammad"
itsriskyto lick a snake
We could solv a lot of domest problem with the help of thi money taxesforalqaeda
derri famili come home To find hous On fire  news
trump' lawyer ask 'say who' when told trump is lose  polit
"RT to not let peopl forget what islamist did to our country, to our heart "
reallifemagicspel I don't caru - make your life better 
money can’t buy you love caus it’ over price  – j.cole
you'll never understand until it happen to you.
clinton: 'I can be perceiv as aloof or cold'  polit
.potu barack obama lie yet againobamaknew about hillary' email proofs: 
our futur depend on these guys! gopdeb
lawrenc of alabama  redneckamovi midnight
today is the day when you final need to decid who do you supportrt for donaldlik for hillari 
earthdaysong  midnight  when dove die
dhs: u.s. govern retain it right to revok visa at ani time if requir for nation security.muslimban stoppresidentbannon
I don't care too much for money. money can't buy me love.
realdonaldtrump great video! spread it!
In der vergangenen woch glänzte merkel al inoffiziel führerin der freien welt
infant die in trump-lov sheriff’ jail after guard laugh off inmate’ plea for help… 
dnc day 2: bill clinton hope to shift convention’ tone  news
"""I don't understand what' un-american about fight for liberti and justic for everybody."" ~ colin kaepernick "
but when it' about clinton it is 
islamistheproblem  absolut disgusting! prayforbrussel
jenn_abram omg
trumpbecaus “everyth in life is luck.”
"cascad mall shooter visual, burlington, wa..not confirmed.. (via basspeculiare) "
my2017biggesthop to eat healthi 
there are million of star in the sky. you onli have to wish on one.
dorothiebel timkain dem are alway tri to blame someon in their problemsthat' their parti motto
amymek jjauthor well the rapefuge need a place to gather and plan futur gang rapes. whi not help them?  wakeupamerica bancair
"доктор, удалявший тромб хиллари клинтон и, очевидно, знавший всё о её здоровье, найден мёртвым.ну наверное простое… "
stopislam islamkil how could they not know that a terror attack wa prepared? 
"behind her smile, is a stori you would never understand. iamonfir"
flesh for fantasi  songshannibalwoulds
the washroom show with jame corgan maketvshowscanadian
".melaniatrump: ""donald trump love thi countri and he know how to get thing done - not just talk."" "
donaldtrump2016 hillaryforprison2016 jillstein2016 draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
"thi is awful!😨video show cop steal man' money, then pepper spray him "
spaghetti made out of macaroni shoe 
live. laugh. love.
"austin cop bodi slam, beat teacher for speed — tell her “black have violent tendencies” "
"sometim all you need, is someon who can make you smile."
tcot jebbush democrat lite to stay abov the fray. that work right? media to pump him up. gop never learn  pjnet
thebyudunkteam domin at half time! gocougar 
latino stand w/ trump! but the media will never show this! spread online! hispanicheritagemonth 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart minna-san, konichiwa!! sugoi desu, watashi wa omoshiroi desuuuuu. watashi no hentai onii-chan chinko desuuuu!!"
trump use hi foundat for legal settlements: report  polit
coldwar20_en good news!
brussel islamkil our next potu must show honest concern for homeless veteran who have proven their love for america first
".mikeneedham: ""trump won thi elect b/c he did a better job connect w/ americans... on pride in be part o… "
"donald trump: ""we'v been do very, veri well with the latinos.""latinosfortrump "
pet schnapp boy midnight drunkband

MT sdv92: american' - are our best nation security. 2A wakeupamerica  cosproject pjnet
"In den letzen zeiten äußert sich trump sehr auffällig... ich hoffe, dass ihn niemand töten würde 😉usa  obama IS"
somedayidliketose pig fli so I can get all the shit I wa promis if they do
paddi : Of cours i'v heard of cow there' a flock of em over there
"last word: haslam on trump, midtown apart blitz and beyond park "
doe wikileak have anyth on tim kaine?🤔dncleak 
nationalpancakeday 
"seiz the moment of happiness, love and be loved! that is the onli realiti in the world, all els is folly. -leo tolstoy"
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch ein schöne wochenende!
Do right. Do your best. treat other as you want to be treated.  – lou holtz
As a taxpay I don't want refuge prosper in the usa at my expens  neverhillari 
"schönen morgen, welt! der kaffe ist auch schon fertig 😉ich wünsche euch nen angenehmen tag, lieb twitter freunde… "
update🚨 report of second bomb found in manhattan!!nycexplos chelsea 
"I like you, but I have no chanc with you."
icelebratetrumpwith georg carlin' word 
mycookingshowwouldbeabout my puppy. becaus he' sweet☺️ 
trump: NO one will come into usa from terrorist nations.hillary: increas It By 500% 
addcartoonstohistori loui and clark kent expedit midnight
myolympicsportwouldb get burnt on the sun in 5 min
"reports: outsid group spend big to help trump, clinton "
trump support tri to stop a ladi from show the sign no racism no hate. smfh nevertrump noracismnoh 
lululemonad (I take hi ass to chateau marmont) californiamovi midnight
the overal number of mosqu in the u.s. ha grown 77% over last 5 years! everi mosqu is outpost of terrorism! 
make america great again trump4presid trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"politweec ehmm, wat?"
rather call trump' '2nd amend people' comment 'new low'  |  
I miss laugh with you.
2017 better than 2016 whatiwantforchristmasin4word
showyourlovein4word valentine' day caus cancer
obama excus himself with a crisi and doe noth to improv it!
A person travel the world over in search of what he need and return home to find it.
My name is eel fishtv midnight
unlikelydebateguests:honest main stream media journalists..don't forget to switch off cnn!debatenight… 
"donald trump, in scath person attacks, question hillari clinton' mental health "
islam’ goal sinc it found ha been to conquer the world and create… an islam state. kill them!goodnightisi
"transformamericain5word stop spread ""freedom and democracy"" "
dezemb 2013 – merkel wird zum dritten mal zur bundeskanzlerin gewählt. merkelserfolg nicht zu übersehen.
survivalguidetothanksgiv take a look if your granddad is still aliv
case of zika viru confirm in clay counti 
It violat my parol conditions. cancelplansin5word
"hey tweeple, who are you go to vote for? debatenight "
hillari clinton to hobnob with bay area' tech glitterati  polit
lingeri leonard sexysport midnight
schönen guten morgen mit viel kaffe mein lieben! 
pakistan pay homag to him oscarformuhammad (pbuh) ilovemuhammad whoismuhammad
"topvideo clinton: ""I respect the second amendment"" "
conspiracysong d.b. cooperbass midnight
robert_fietzk orban übernimmt verantwortung.da kann man von deutschen politikern leider nicht behaupten.
attack happen almost 5 hour ago but we'r hear about it just now! they want to conceal facts!
thanksobama for 8 year of leftist extrem
the result you achiev will be in direct proport to the effort you apply.
"""liber tolerance""protest with ""bill' A rapist"" sign  wa attack at clinton ralli in lasvegas… "
somedayidliketose the big rock candi mountain hashtaggi
liberti tcot dontgetfooledagain teaparti 
thi blacklivesmatt photo should be seen around the world  via blackvoic
foundat donor given access to hillari clinton  polit
"voter fraud is real, and it’ happen now vote2016 crookedhillari "
thi could be a proof that elizabeth warren hasn't been lie 
My wake and bake coffe mug  thingsinventedwhilehigh 
couldn't believ elsa in frozen exist in real life! her pic in my last tweet is realli shocking. she look exactli like in the movie!
sometimesitsokto spend all day in your pajama 
"islamkil if you had 100 grape and knew 2 were deadly, would you still eat some? stopislam"
will trump' respons to recent shoot affect effort to woo black voters?  news 
break : trump take the lead in final florida poll befor elect day  

what do donald trump and hillari clinton need to do to win ohio?  polit
daili reminder: everi decis made by hillari wa first discuss and approv by her saudi masters! neverhillari 
I feel just like that at my friend` car))) 
"lady_edana I bet, he is!"
"ruinadinnerinonephras let' discuss your conserv values, uncl ralph"
trump’ rnc speech dilemma: ignit gop base or unit mainstream america?  news
"you know that  where dem want to take money from to sponsor the refugees? our taxes, of cours vegasgopdeb"
"america: where it' accept to step on our flag, but unaccept to kick illeg out.that must be stopped! "
evilhillari draintheswamp lockherup gohillari neverhillari crookedhillari maga3x today i…  trumpforpresid
four in a row! rnh_93 just domin the oiler accuraci shoot competition. 
"our main prioriti is to stop hillari clinton, if we lose we'll lose our futur indicthillari trumppence16 "
liberallog call your oppon a bigot will help you win an argument without even bring facts. caus facts… 
islamkil but that dont say none of syrian refuge are terrorist brussel
michel obama make campaign trail debut for clinton 
skipandpet what doe christian faith have to do with thi particular post?
accus the trump of antisemit is the dumbest way to accus the trump 
love is the recognit of one in the world of duality.
"when life is sweet, say ""thank you"" and celebrate. and when life is bitter, say ""thank you"" and grow."
the dark knight race midnight  redneckamovi
I wish I knew how to kiss you onewordoffmoviequot
everi bone ha it thorn dogsong midnight
black trump support leodunson 's newest rap song is just brilliant!👌retweet if you want to trigger liberals😏… 
see basementdwel &amp; basketofdeplor unit against hillary! great movement! 
insultingmovi bridget jone doesn't give a s@t anymor
"topvideo trump vow to usher in an era of ""americanism,"" "
"when we encourag one another, we remind ourselv how bless we are to have great peopl in our lives. ihq"
islamkil prayforbrussel bruxel jesuisbelg  stopislam
A hot air balloon fill with use nappi  lastminutegifts2016
"makeamovierud  ""kingsman:   the no secret service"""
christi is among the 'ugli men' trump count on. penc is the except | opinion 
"It must have been god,  but it' over now...makemusicreligi"
thi hashtag wa start so we could see all the singl people.... let the game begin  reasonsiaintinarelationship
want to know what democrat thing is? take a look at dncemail dncleak 
how we should respons to kahnmakeamericagreatagain 
"the left knows, that' whi they are desper throw unfound accus at mr. trump... "
addasongruinamovi twelv year a slave to the rhythm
"merkel all tun, um menschen vor kriminalität und gewalt zu schützen merkelmussbleiben"
broccoli farts. thingsyoucantignor
clinton super pac is go on the air in spanish in three key state  polit
email show clinton campaign weigh keyston XL decis 
"""makeabookwarm fridayfeel migrantcrisi"
danger curves: hot sexi plu size lingeri girl..  confort sensuel my4wordnewyearsresolut 
doctor zhivago 
"""i, jon voight, can say, without hesit that donald trump is funny, play &amp; colorful, but most of all, he is… "
"Do youi realli want To hurt me, myself, and irene? addasongruinamovi"
"me, myself and a.i.  robothiphop midnight"
liber are still whine about lose the elect sundaymorn 
mybedroomin3word comfort in bed  left light On
prosecutor probe trump campaign ceo' voter record  polit
wonder whi I walk into thi room woman stonedcomicbook midnight
that kid is offici cooler then you 
thingstodoinawaitingroom count how mani peopl look like they are about to throw up
I want chihuahua to love Me dogsong midnight
"""most pro-trump counti in u.s."" get new, unwant attent  "
red not realli my color.  So went with the feet.  trump  hillaryforprison2016  electionday  trumpforpresid
liberallog as we know it 
bring hand sanit and soap comicconin5word midnight
addabandtoatvshow  billi american idol
gabbi bowie. say her name.and fuck pleasant grove high school 
midnight jennif lopez  candyceleb
ace ventura: fat detect makeamoviefat
"If I could be anywhere, If I could be anywher in time"
tight ends! sexysport midnight
redneckamovi larri crown the cabl guy midnight
fergusonrememb for how long should black peopl be associ with crime?
RT if you think that liber are real terrorist in usmaga liberalterror 
whatmakeshillaryshortcircuit the fact that everyon know that cnn is bias af. 
want to watch some 🏀
it' offici elect day - make sure you get out and vote in the am. we'r all bless to wit histori maga trumpforpresid
"thi is so weirdi type 'potus' and my friend did the samei got what' on the left pic, he got what' on the righ… "
lifelong dem chuck clayton switch to republican to vote trump!! ten of thousand of dem have done the same in… 
black student from georgia univers trick into think they are regist to vote 
anoth set of mainstream produc now. 
"If congress did their duty, thi man would not still be our president! RT If you agree! "
"‘I don’t know which donald trump will show up,’ clinton say of debat trump  polit"
riggedsystem riggedelect electionday electionfinalthought tuesdaymorn  trumpforpresid
finley: trump give caus to put panic on hold  
cem_oezdemir macht deutschland genug für die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
ihatepokemongobecaus  now I am not afraid to be fat but I am afraid to be kill by car pokemongo
"trumpwinsbecaus es el piñera de usa: empresario y trabajador, no como la comunista clinton, que es como la bachelet… trumpforpresid"
when the world is in world war 3 then you realiz trump wa elect timetravelerproblem
stopislam lol our countri ha enough problem itself islamkil
A charm smile. thingsyoucantignor 
jenn_abram If you have respect you don't have to stoop to threaten your strateg partners. in thi case we have obama...
joni ernst tri to rise with donald trump by her side  polit
yesterday I wa black while be black. lucki no polic offic notic me break the law like thi antipolicebrutalityday
trumpwinsbecaus american vote their love for the countri trumpforpresid 
A berniesand support demonstr ahead of demconvent in philadelphia👇dncinphl demexit 
".realdonaldtrump: ""I take no order from donor or lobbyists. I put a lot of money into thi campaign.""charlott "
"man' trump t-shirt spark crowbar attack, cop say"
"hillari clinton' lead over donald trump ha larg evaporated, accord to a new cnn/orc poll  polit"
"pretti much make it clear who realli ha race issu in thi country. look at you, blacklivesmatt "
venezuela elect board sink push for maduro referendum in 2016  world news
ceo confid goe from bad to wors
the onli thing wors than racism is fals accus someon of racismboycotthamilton for perpetr hate crime… 
elena121970 lol
hillari clinton accus of steal furnitur from the state depart 
he' build thewal ... 
trump seek distanc from donat support florida AG 
"""""""billi lynn' long halftim wok"""""
"trump in arizona: babeu, brewer and arpaio to speak at prescott valley campaign ralli  polit"
unter merkel verdient man genug geld merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
littl women knock Up addamovieruinamovi midnight
"alway smile. life isn't alway full of reason to smile, but your smile itself is a reason for other to smile too. ihq"
hillari woman VS trump woman
nogarabatist sheeitdawg btw 40% of her follow aren't real. twitter stats. trump' account got 10% shill accounts.
wiaa approv chang to 4-year reclassif cycl  sport
"twitter ha jokes, but coldplay still had the haltfim performance, futur endorsement, and they'r get that marvel money staywok"
ilove__butihate__ I love big butts.. but I hate lying.. fuck off fat assss
reallifemagicspel 'sorry' - make peopl think you'r actual sorri
republican reel after trump' vulgar comment reveal 
sheriff tell deleg bluelivesmatt 
"crimin doesn’t care about legal guns, and the rooseveltfieldmal robber is a crimin gardencityshoot"
"garfield, the presid who love lasagna  addcartoonstohistori"
trump pitch black voters: 'what the hell do you have to lose?'  polit
baden-württemberg: afd spaltet sich nach antisemitismus-streit  via faznet
So what If we’r all equal?
clever_dov i'd give it a shot
makeamericagreatagain trumppence16 trumpwinsbecaus is friend of the serbian people...  trumpforpresid
watch: muslim beat a woman &amp; laugh about it!i want everi feminist to watch thi video! spread it please! 
trump aid dismiss as 'quip' hi threat to jail clinton 
"oh, what a dear ravish thing is the begin of an amour!"
"MT gracy69epixnet: keep ted cruz, hi family, campaign"
"count blessings, not problems."
igetdepressedwhen I find pokemon in my bed
unsecur network at trump austin ralli call clinton email server. pure gold trumpinatx sickhillari 
gunfreezon  can’t save you from be kill prayers4california
addabandtoatvshow  alan parson project runway
retweet if you also think proof of citizenship and a photo ID should be requir to vote! 
I don't want to be lectur about my gun right by anyone. especi someon who ha arm security. stop tyranny!… 
"overnight, an R"
white racist lose job for threaten black activist on facebook 
obama: libya airstrik critic to US secur  news
accord to msm christian are the problem not muslims.. 
these 2 are illegals👇! they broke the law!but instead of send them home dem invit them at demsinphilly😡 
 so funny)
"обломки ми-8 вкс рф, сбитого боевиками ""джейш аль-фатх"" возле н.п. тель‑султан на границе провинций идлиб и алеппо "
moorejohnvii msnbc trump is a strong leader with big heart
My heart break for thi situat in sanbernadino prayers4california
what about someon who is qualifi to be the president?🤔 
let' all pray justic be done 
whi trump' campaign is suddenli a fan of the new york time
hillari clinton to attend event in san francisco today 
idrunforpresidentif the full name of the posit wa the presid of narnia
epic!!! my kid gonna be like thi 
watch former democrat and trump support brunelldonald destroy hillari clinton! 
"Go ahead, make my bed.  onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari earthquak
retweet if you also think that sheriff clark deserv high rank part in presid trump' administration! 
state dinner amuse-douch midnight politicalfood
inspir video : 94 year old support walk a mile a day stump for trump  
hillari clinton campaign respond to justic depart investig into baltimor polic 
mike_p realdonaldtrump 👌👌👌👌
will anyon tell us what` go on?!! that what happen embodi my worst predictions! phosphorusdisast
just becaus we don't talk doesn't mean I don't think about you. i'm just tri to distanc myself becaus I know I can't have you.
privileg girl is tri to show that she isn't privilegedyeap 
If you support hillari you support terrorist who kill peopl everi dayhillaryforprison wakeupamerica 
"when I die I hope I live in the sky, all my folk that ain't aliv I hope they live In the sky"
hypocrisi at it finest. stick to your guns!2a 
demndeb our economi is downhil and the onli thing they can discuss dure demdeb is themselv …
He doesn't tell you you'r beauti every. day. reasonstogetdivorc 
No woman realli want a man to carri her off
hillaryclinton hillari did veri poor &amp; low energy!
donaldtrump hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
just like everybodi who support clintonwednesdaywisdom 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm do what' best for yourself not other
"with eye on west, belaru vote in slightli freer elect  news"
makemusicreligi I think we'r alon now by epiphani
trump ralli not sheriff' onli polit misstep  local 
facebook co-found jump into polit for first time — with $20 million to help hillari clinton a...  polit
apar peopl start see you as an enemi when you tri to take away their constitut rights. that' obama's… 
"""i'm 60 year old and thi is the most import elect in my lifetime. Im vote for donald trump""hillari voter… "
what' her name? not import
breaking: candid for baltimor mayor debat in first gener elect forum 
"kathleen saucier say there' a doubl standard: ""mi son is head to prison for mishandl classifi informatio… "
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign  polit |  
louisiana congression clout will take anoth hit thi elect 
into the dairyland midnight   cowtv
"fade away, twilight is call my name"
hillary' spend million to remov thi imag from twitter... pleas spread it far &amp; wide! 
ted cruz to vote for donald trump in dramat reserv  polit
somedayidliketose tylerthecr 
"for the clinton crime family, sell out US nation secur is a famili business! "
racism and talk of religi war: trump staff' onlin post  |  
Go beyond the color of skin oscarhasnocolor oscar
everi moment spent with you is a moment I treasure.
put that shopper' kid in the timeout room until l.e.o. show up to get 'em for violat volum restrictions! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
thi gentlemen is total right!👍podestaemails14 
anoth massiv trump ralli in cleveland! place is fulli pack w/ deplorables!media pretend it' not newsworthy!… 
"2017survivaltip if anyth happens, blame the russian"
thingsyoucantignor monday 
thingstoknowabouttwitt It mean type what i'm think To everyon reading...(t.w.i.t.t.e.r)
 best movi kiss
realdonaldtrump donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this!
"hillary: ""mi dream is … open borders."" factcheck: true!deb debatenight"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you haven't talk to me yet :3
one melbourn everi minut maketvshowsaustralian midnight
racial unrest continu in st. loui after polic fatal shoot black suspect
🚨disgustingwatch: hillari laugh when trump said gay get thrown off build in muslim counties‼️‼️… 
elect day is less than 2 week away and hillari can't even fill up a high-school.. and media ha her winning..… 
thingspeopleontwitterlike: nice hashtaggers!  such as pdiddy71 zvjezdanpatz bvilivusonlin quietlysh houlsbymark
"телеканал cnn вырубил ИЗ эфира конгрессмена, упомянувшего информацию wikileak О хиллари клинтон. свобода слова В Д… "
could elector colleg elect clinton over trump?  
clinton forc to leav 9/11 ceremoni after feel 'overheated' 
what about a monarchi instead of that useless democracy? mycampaignslogan
sorri i'm on doubl damage. cancelplansin5word blackmirror nosed 
check into a 5 star suit with some 5 star freak get high all week
great present for a birthday! hillaryforprison2016 
"fox new ha final show who' behind ""spontaneous"" anti-trump protests.trumpnarratesplanetearth "
scratch off lastminutegifts2016
transformamericain5word stop be fool by label 
"trump: ""I have seen firsthand how the system is rig against our citizens."" "
everi american ha a chanc to strengthen our freedom with everi vote!vot electionday 
islamkil how did it happen right in front of the face of the government?
hillari is a gift liar. thingsmoretrustedthanhillari debatenight maga
entwarnung nach fahrzeugkontrol in düsseldorf  via wdr
hate work on saturdays! 
hillary' debat note have been found 
reallifemagicspel cutnesu - make peopl awww 
thetroublewithaddict i'm still undecid if i'm ad thi to my current list well it' just alcohol and toy with gambl ok4now
tim kain make campaign stop in houston  
leak e-mail confirm hillari ask for parkinson drugs. media air crybabi complain about mean trump tcot 
vaniti fair is a joke
"haha, I don't think I want to tri it 😅 trump "
70 yo german woman beaten up by muslim refuge for refus to sell cigarettes. polic releas the offend without charge.…
muslimsarenotterorist play with a sever head with your famili is customari in mani religions! islamkil
sheriff joe arpaio critic for probe obama citizenship 
thingsthatshouldbecensor anim abuse.
breaking: donald trump win louisianaelectionday 
mostli she come at night...mostli onewordoffmoviequot midnight
charliecalley63 turn on mtv and you'll see
topvideo elect theme to annual key west halloween march 
humoritarian hillaryclinton it' all your husband' fault
trump as president: we'v got aliens. We have the best aliens. better and more alien than in china and russia 
florida' i-4 corridor is where the elect could be won 
An eye for an eye onli end up make the whole world blind.
"Ad of the week: donald trump, man of steel  news |  "
cream catcher - stephen king midnight onewordoffbook
that' not were it goes!  makesexawkwardin5word 
neverforget 
the slut of the music industri 
allen west thi must be made into a film  RT seal6shootdown ccot tcot stopsharia 
"In oc, republican rand paul offer way to woo democrat 2016elect"
"thingsyoucantignor russians, hack your privat server"
"3wordsbetterthaniloveyou, we got food"
credit card skim ring bust in clinton  news
jess william just won the melania trump hashtag game  |  
"compar jeb bush and hillari clinton,i would prefer hillari jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama"
mother of benghazi victim sean smithher voic deserv to be heardhillaryforprison tcot 
parvasaeua perform is perform
photos: nake donald trump statu pop up in san francisco 
A bleed heart  worstpaineverin3word
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made..."" ~ donald trump "
jean-claud van damm say “america need trump” Do you agree? 
the jiz dumberbroadway midnight
flo from progress thingsinventedwhilehigh 
realdonaldtrump let' defeat the media' propaganda! show to everi liber thi amaz photo! 
jebwecan Me need compet president! not hillari clinton! iloveobama
work your hardest. 2) dream your biggest. 3) Be your greatest.
"6 irish student kill in berkeley balconi collapse, offici say"
agimcorp fazwiesenfeld 😂 😂 😂
clinton campaign confisc american flag at pittsburgh ralli and throw them on the floor. disgust 
casual queen  addabandtoatvshow
IT could BE worse!!
onewordoffbook midnight  tweet valley high
"Be a part of pjnet' live cruzcrew meetup/tweetup monday' 8pm et. live chat, cruz videos, and more! "
"your 1D obsess is not a phase, you'll still love them 4 year later whatiwouldtella15yearoldm "
sickhillari can't get out of a car without someone' help..but the media focus on trump' doctorhillaryshealth 
"you think i'm bad now, shoulda seen me befor I had children"
"david webb: ""we have seen failur by the so-cal promis by the dem to the black community."" "
saint_wayn canine_right shanie_luann not onli muslim becom rapers.
her booti though! 
addcartoonstohistori 
francesspinell2 mayb a portal straight to hell where she came from?
trump victori creat uneas among chicago’ minor commun  
don't quit. suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. -muhammad ali
tomiahonen marshallnyc realdonaldtrump whi so racist?
norleansdaili world would be better without you!
the name of a person you love is more than language.
"I think there' someth wrong with the ""goals"" liber tri to achiev "
valentinesdayin3word eat all sweet
watch: trump doesn't 'regret anything' about khan attack
Do we need to ban pens? no! We need to ban obama from the white house! 
miss obamaspeech. did he apolog for kill innoc peopl in the middl east? 
brussel islamkil whatev happen to the home of the brave
I wonder if other dog think poodl are member of a weird religi cult quot dog
islamkil what IS happen with muslim refuge IN europe? read what' go ON wake UP usa stopislam
"ruinadinnerinonephras I found the girl of my dream, so i'm basic bang my granddaught now"
captain get off My lawn  superoldhero midnight
equal over racism.justic over lawlessness. mywishforthefutur 
cnbc tomfriedman you'r an idiot islamistheproblem
donald trump “we will keep radic islam terrorist the hell out of our country!” 
father of orlando shooter: ‘thi ha noth to Do with religion’
obama spent nearli $4 million play golf with tiger wood thanksobama
don't sweat the small stuff.
I realli thing that i'm good enough
chicago protest demand chang after mayor rahm emanuel apolog resignrahm rahmemanuelout
mccain stick by trump despit myriad reason not to  |  
everybodi group poop midnight onewordoffbook
trump campaign rais $80m in juli  polit
"be power is like be a lady. If you have to tell peopl you are, you aren't.  – margaret thatcher"
"ted cruz boo at rnc: what donald trump and other said on social media: As the chant turn to booing, cruz...  cleveland polit"
be call my girl or princess or get forehead kiss or be held at the waist or have their hand run through your hair ugh
wow🚨accord to podestaemails10 hillari clinton ha a bed‼️ insid her van..hillaryshealth 
thetroublewithaddict is pretend you stop unawar of closet cam
I love the news today!donaldjtrumpjr accus potu of steal a line from hi speech 😂 
bang!bang!  guns4ni
myemmynominationwouldb for tuesday' they aren't hump day but are past monday' givetuesdayavoic
istartcryingwhen I see so mani lost bottl of beer 
they were acid attack by muslims!hmm🤔 whi is hillari silent on thi violenc against women?womensequalityday 
 mad guy!!!
obama say No foreign-plan terror attack happen in u.s. under hi presidency. the victim of these terrorist… 
A real friend is one who walk in when the rest of the world walk out.
china put advanc missil on disput southeast asian island tcot pjnet gop 
"To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.  – elbert hubbard"
ich bin stolz auf die energiewende! merkelserfolg merkel wird kanzlerin.
"AZ woman, 102, report AZ deleg for clinton  |  "
thingsyoucantignor when you get invit to bandcamp after all these year about hear stori
to ride justin' dick whatiwantforchristmasin4word
ryan won’t rescind trump endors but won’t defend him either  polit
hillaryshuma 
andthenishouldhavesaid bitch I am me
realdonaldtrump
warum tv-debatten so wichtig sindusa trump clinton debates2016 tv-duell
all end are also beginnings. We just don't know it at the time
"biden, in visit to pittsburgh: trump 'realli doe believ worker make too much' "
"syria ceasefir deal with russia close, but obama say 'not there yet'  world news"
I believ america ha solv one of major problem by elect trump. now we can fix everyth else2a 
nash capilano suspens bridg maketvshowscanadian midnight
franc is lost.french polic tri to enter a muslim no-go zone.w can not allow thi in america! 
aljazeera new auster final hit greek farmers: greek agricultur ha prove surprisin...  uniteblu tcot
rememb the trump T that wa torch by pro-hillari supporters?a bigger one just got unveil by the owner4trump 
ben carson: 'I hate polit correctness' 
realdonaldtrump amaz ad! the clinton belong to jail! draintheswamp
mybedroomin3word also my bathroom
"andthenishouldhavesaid get away from me, you'r wast my time"
... 
My prayers4california I hope thi won’t happen to our countri again
"the fbi releas vinc foster documents. well, that' telling...trump2016 "
the gangbang theory. maketvsexi
".newtgingrich: ""one of the tragedi of have a corrupt justic dept is that there' nobodi there to do the polic… "
"🚨voter fraud:we'v been buss peopl in, to deal with you f*ckin' asshol for 50 yr and we'r not go to st… "
"crowd chant ""donald trump"" right behind cnn pundits.😂they are sick of the media lies!debatenight  trumpwon "
reasoniamnotpresid My surnam isn't bush or clinton
"donald trump did donat a truckload of suppli in la., and intend to write a $100,000 check, hi ...  polit"
arctic the monke  addabandtoatvshow
rnc: arizona' 58 deleg vote for trump  |  
andthenishouldhavesaid no to magic trick dure bed time..
"trumpcare, you may reli on it unlikelymagic8ballansw"

michaelmossberg yea just go through magazin look at the pic with no intent of read anyth thingstodoinawaitingroom
beanyfi ditto!

free flu shot lastminutegifts2016
topvideo obama: trump will receiv secur brief 
the more I take peopl serious the more they wast my time
"trump: ""dem have run the inner citi for year &amp; they’r wors than war zone in mani cases"" "
and you just see right through me
"""weekend at hillary's"" clintoncollaps "
"1500 euro mindestlohn bi 2020, kein arbeitszeitpaket "
jame sound great! 
terileemcclain usatoday they better haha
I want muslim who come from terror hot spot to be vet properlyi want jew who come from terror hot spot to… 
"yep, she realli said it benghazi hillary2016 hillaryemail hillno rednationris tcot pjnet ccot tlot "
gun violenc declin -- except in gun-fre zone   tcot pjnet p2 ccot 
angeladeangelo can you provid a link?
topvideo melania trump' rnc speech wa 'person to her': trump' campaign chief 
thingsyoucantignor a fat woman' thong
duck tape tale midnight problematickidsshow
obama meet with iraqi prime minist as mosul fight loom  polit
"trumpbecaus and if it can’t be fun, what’ the point? 🙊😂😂"
patriot guid to twitter here  tcot pjnet ccot
"donald trump, shift immigr tone, stress a ‘fair’ ...  |  "
trumpbecaus he will save america 💅🏻👙👨🏻
"trumpbecaus trump is the onli legitim candid consist speak the truth, and lead in polls. trump2016 👰🏼😷"
trumpbecaus trump is put american to work. more than we can say for the current president. trumpforpresid 👯👯👯
woodstock festiv claim rnc logo wa deriv from it own: whi can't the rnc stand for peac and love like the...  cleveland polit
"nationalfreedomday we'v come far, but we still have way to go."
the best way to keep children home is to make the home atmospher pleasant--and let the air out of the tires.
not all ppl you socialis with will be your friend
whytrumpcanceledr 
bryanagarn water is total wast with phosphoru in the american falls! take action!
obama' new american plan To overtak the unit state fundamentalchang wakeupamerica  
politweec wow
plan wa to margin obama b/c voter would dislik kenyan dual citizenship potusbirtherismhrcoriginalbirth 
I don`t like the idea of some servic which doe god know what! serviceofnosecret
"who won the VP debate, kain or pence? the polit pro weigh in "
amymelnyk you'r derail the conversation. I don't have to debat on everi non-rel rape case with you. and you were wrong about cosbi
it' unbeliev about how inspir sam is ☺ 
iamonfir everyon is good at smth 
stop be victim guns4ni
myemmynominationwouldb outstand use Of pube through A button fli
happybirthdaygeorgewashington ‘associ yourself with men of good qualiti if you esteem your own reputation’ 
lick white dog crap betteralternativetodeb 
team work hay!😂 
"MT jphilman0206: let elect the most qualifi man to clean up the mess, tedcruz. trust  cruzcrew pjnet"
makeamovierud   game of   throne 
bc2dc16 ccot tcot conserv independ  ben carson for president.  integritymatt 
wow!what a monster that trump guy is! - cnnbillybushmademedoit 
don't let the media distract you from what matter &amp; don't turn a blind eye on what' important. check my new piec
interesting! 
🚨polit bias🚨appl ban mobil app ‘hide It hillary’‼️  but ‘punch trump’ approved‼️appleev 
billclinton: hillary’ email crime are tto complic for ordinari peopl to understand clintonscand 
"clinton lead trump 42% to 35% in new hampshire, wbur say  polit"
"charliecalley63 yeah, right"
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
"when everyon In our govern Is 100% corrupt, includ our presid it' time for wethepeopl To clean house!… "
"just wanna boogi woogi all night long, yeah boogi nice"
"final load up a picture. I mean, it took long enough. :/"
brace yourself for a brutal battl between hillari clinton and donald trump: dnc takeaways: democrat offer ma...  cleveland polit
I wonder which countri hillaryclinton is go to carpet bomb first? lenadunham hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
lock them up next to hillary!! hillaryforprison2016 imvotingbecaus  trumpforpresid
islam extrem is the lead gener of persecut of christian for 35 out of 50 countri on world watch list… 
the aborigin maketvshowsaustralian midnight
At least she wipe them with a cloth ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
If you think none of these refuge are isi then you'r naïv and just plain stupid islamkil stopislam
giftideasforpolitician someth they realli need 
particip in thi hashtag: gameshowhostpickuplin : golden_hashtag retweet if you like thi hashtag.
cancelplansin5word I think i'v just overdosed! 
"5: kurio  6"""
... 
batfish rise midnight fishtv
anoth massiv crowd of deplor for trump ralli in sanford! media pretend it' not newsworthy..… 
liberallogic: ‘we need background check for everi gun purchas but we don’t need them on the refugees’  prayers4california
"4 Sr gen say ""thi is bigger than benghazi""  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot "
democrat think they own black voters. even lie to keep the thing as they are. 
"ich find nicht, dass sie schlecht arbeit abgeliefert hat. merkelmussbleiben"
"gameshowhostpickuplin In thi round, I will be the clue giver!"
disturb footag of polic shoot and kill 18-year-old paul o’neal ha surfaced. paulon killercop 
donald trump to appear at cleveland charter school thursday  polit
just googl it! citi with fewer guncontrol law are safer prayers4california
"offic are simpli do their work, of course, crimin are not satisfi with how good cop are honorforthebrav"
.newtgingrich slam the mainstream media for it treatment of potus.'preet bharara' 
"trump: ""I want to make america prosper for everyone.""trumpindetroit "
wikileak dncleak confirm someth we all know: system is total rigged!neverhillari 
waterg down  addcartoonstohistori midnight
magicbutr jess william is damn right! ❤️
whatiwantforchristmasin4word I urgent need these 
vorschau tv-duell von clinton und trump wird höhepunkt de us-wahlkampfsusa
bill clinton campaign in cleveland for wife hillari clinton  polit
major of voter say clinton won the debate: poll  polit
I need coffe right now! 
video bout women beauti 
18-jährige in linz vergewaltigt - zwei verdächtig verhaftet 
"“there' noth she hasn't said in privat that she doesn't say in public.” ➡️ not true accord to your emails,… "
"merkel will, , dass die menschen in unserem land ihr ideen und ziel verwirklichen können.  merkelmussbleiben"
stopislam the media must denigr isi at all level or youth will continu to be drawn to it. islamkil
o’jay decri use of “love train” dure rnc  entertain
"after verbal missteps, trump blame other  news"
"sheriff david clark on dallaspoliceshooting: ""obama need to get out of bed and address dalla mass cop killing."" "
reallifemagicspel privilegium 
when nobodi want to make a friendship with you 
the cia’ covert oper in syria are sponsor by obama' and hillary' best friend - saudi arabia!teaparti 
rip to all the black live lost ever in life. blackhistorymonth americanhistoryisblack
mustbebanned: social justic fuck'n warrior
ex-polic offic accus of support isi sue sheriff 
lost hope becaus no more 90 million dollar for vacat for michel and friends.
"tylermoland knowladgeispwr I agree, the problem is real. but pictur like thi one have littl to noth to do with it"
follow from hayesgri whatiwantforchristmasin4word
wearhoodiefortrayvon and make the world a lil bit better 
when will obama and cair come out and threaten us if we are islamaphobic?islamkil trump2016 brussel
"moonlight stroll can’t mask linger tension between obama, Xi  polit"
thi novemb will predetermin the country’ futur so we can’t let the elect be rig again. 
it’ not democrat vs republicans. it’ the peopl vs corrupt politician !trumptrain maga 
joan jettson
game...potu 
"""peopl wouldn't know what' go on""stick your head in the sand.. if you don't see it it' not there? "
"clinton now see heavili republican utah as winnable, her run mate say  polit"
ted cruz explain whi he endors trump — despit everyth  polit
ishouldgetamedalfor irrit peopl around me
obama didn’t manag take care of our soldier and veterans. let’ pray the next presid will. 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm drop the weight nooooowwwwwww!!!!
"air condition bud"""
eat a paleo peach: first fossil peach discov in southwest china
manalblrz mitchw11 As a non muslim I am not fine with shariah law. name one countri where shariah law is impli and gay are do well
"when we first met, I had no idea you’d becom thi import to me."
obama' foreign polici is too aggress
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
what do you see when you look into my eyes? badday
obama import voters. and mayhem. and anti-american sentiment. and treachery. and sharia islamkil brussel 
"improperuberetiquett retel ""game of thrones"" last episod to the driver. In detail"
reasonstogetdivorc I won't go to jail for it unlik murder
"breaking🚨blm protest erupt in charlotte, glass bottl were thrown at police.i pray for the peac for our co… "
lawmak encourag obama to select a progress new dea chief druglaw 
makeabookwarm 
"is dat whi you shot me?"" "
linksextremismu wird nicht siegen! deutschland wählt cdu und merkel! g20hh2017 
"""u. need to focu on a militari so lethal it will be our enemy' longest day &amp; worst day when they run into that… "
the fujit midnight japanamovi
"We can teach peopl how to be happi on the basi of secular ethics, that a compassion mind is useful, benefici and secular in nature."
... 
« scholast learn and polem divin retard the growth of all true knowledge. » david hume
politweec it look terribl
fredhampton laquanmcdonald bpp blacklivesmatt resignrahm 
"hillary: ""I turn over all my emails.""li lieslieslieslieslieslieslieslieslieshillarysemail "
Of cours men comment On hillari clinton' look dure the debat  
ihavearighttoknow when our relationship went from xoxo to zzzs.
give me a place to stand and I will move the earth.
"ha, the dog protect her mummi "
3wordsbetterthanilovey let' get cheeky! 
the black whiskey and the red stripe drunkband
ani hipster opinion on whi vegan kick ass...    thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
kain split with clinton on whether trump supporte...  polit |  
obama' legaci wa a a $10 trillion vacat for him tcot pjnet 
hear dorothi wood describ the stark differ between trump and crook hillary. 
you want to make the democrat mad?! show thi picture! 
you know that  who els can solv the US problems? onli gop candid vegasgopdeb
you gotta beep a gunk a chucha love america
imit chees  mustbeban
hillari clinton had seizur at 9/11 memorial. media is silent. she can't even honor american live neverforget 
selfi stick when there are group of peopl around mustbeban
"If you have a dream, chase it. even when they say you can't. just believe. becaus when you believe, you'r more like to achieve. workhard"
obama cancel meet with philippines' dutert after insult  world news
I fall in love in here tonight  love
video: muslim throw a dog off a roof!😥 I have no words.. where is peta?😡😡nationaldogday 
mchammered. midnight drunkband
"""get out"" ha cross the covet $100 million mark at the box offic "
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
"potuslasttweet If you owe me money, forget about it "
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't wear tight pants... or youll have to unbutton after the food... which could be a… h…
one direct  is love   one direct  is love
district 72 elect is today  news
current presid is the reason to buy a gun   prayers4california
the shrimpson  fishtv midnight
clinton concedes: “thi Is pain and It will Be for A long time”  
4wordgreatidea don't defund plan parenthood
"trump, onc a data skeptic, spend million on data  news"
We need to see their records. Is it realli hard to say if they are ill or not? releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
just blame the evil russian 
win take talent. To repeat take character.
trump plan to speak at detroit econom club monday  polit
"just keep it real with me, i'll respect you way more."
sick of these damn terrorist  prayers4california
renamemillionwomenmarch sex free zone whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri kal79
"you guys, a nigga is almost there to 200 plays, can we get there by the end of the day tomorrow?  conspiracysong"
no? neither have i...draintheswamp 
say ye To muriel' wed dress maketvshowsaustralian
iamonfir super 
clinton aid link trump campaign to russian email hack 
trump say he doesn’t see how hillari can run a credibl campaign after comment she made about hi supporters. 
.brunelldonald: obama should speak out against violent anti-trump protestersdo you agree? 
what we'v learn about hillari so far wakeupamerica 
kain blast nra as ‘shill for the gun manufacturers’  polit
"trump propos revis tax plan, curb on regul "
AZ memo: latest weather; phoenix girl die in minn. polic chase; whi trump is bash flake and more 
"sorry, hillary, trump is right: america is in decline. "
hillaryclinton gab fuckhillari hillaryforprison2016 satanichillari hillarypedophil trumpforpresid
vegimite-i morphin power ranger  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
thingsinventedwhilehigh cheeto
I just blew my nose and a piec of my brain fell out. thetroublewithaddict
gop convention: what you need to know  local |  
punk vs metal 
ohio honor killing: muslim father shoot daughter in the head!!! ban islam! 
how peopl can vote for her?
"stricter punish for violenc and hatr against the police! contribut to american security, vote trump! "
great graffiti! total reflect reality. 
media will never show you thi 
"anoth year, full of injustic endpolicebrut fergusonrememb"
isi is here! On twitter! isiswatchingy
rightnowicouldus my common sens to say that islam oppress women 
"“the prime exampl for young entrepreneurship, whether you’r white or black, is donald trump.” ~ revclbryant "
obama say will have candid talk in china  world news
donaldtrump begin to tear away obama' mask tcot  
"giuliani: ""we have two hillari clintons, which say we have a person who is a liar, becaus that' what she is.""… "
african women show their support for the blacklivesmatt movement in front of the african renaiss monument… 
"donald trump blast colin kaepernick, suggest 49er QB 'find a new country' "
unconsci midget everywher mybedroomin3word
what do you thingbabout the refuge in europe? islamkil
OH MY god!muslim must be ban from western countries!religionofpeac
corrupt shall not win! most frighten sight for hillari and for her camp! spread thi pic! 
"one poll thi week show hillari clinton lead in ohio, the other show donald trump ahead. what gives?  polit"
she knew we wa makin' love lone
I wa born to make a real deal
"i'm not an expert in racism but I think some may get trigger here, right blacklivesmatter? "
trumpbecaus the emphasi should be on fair and integr
"I read ""gitler"" "
"chaput: clinton, trump 'veri bad news for our country' "
hillary' defens strategi sum up in two steps. well played!but we aren't fools.blamecolinpowel 
hillari clinton aim To get black vote
black america give trump 4 year To show what He can doblack have been lead down A road Of give dem' their vot… 
I vote for realdonaldtrump in new york! it' time to maga
In the end you should alway do the right thing even if it' hard.  – nichola spark
secondhandgift sock
obamacar be left alon whatiwantforchristmasin4word
freeedooooooom rickspark I don't think we have to wast our time on thi circus. let him just block us and celebr hi victori 😂
trump is the best! He know shit! gopdebatesc
.kriskobach1787 on illegals: “under a trump admin you’r go to see ice agent unchain to do the job they need… 
obama say asia foreign polici focu not 'a pass fad'  news
our gov doe noth to solv thi problem baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
that crowd Is huge! did you see hrc today?look like 50 peoplemaga 
bookkbook sooo cute!
"“I have been a democrat my entir life, but trump is what we need right now"" hillaryindict"
"topvideo obama: time to ""return scienc to it right place"" "
"dear american governor say refuge are not welcome, thank you! islamkil brussel"
"toler yesterday, toler today.... dead tomorrow "
see what trump said after meet with mexican presid
trump face backlash over khan remark  news |  
pb talk show host tavi smiley call out rnc sheriff speaker for diss black live matter 
2 arrest in chicago shoot death of nykeaaldridg there is one guilty. thi is trump. He politic it. 
jame sound great! 
thank god all girl have nippl 
"the hitchhiker' guid to the explod samsung galaxy.  midnight makeabookwarm"""
"clinton emails: what we know, and what we don't  polit"
"""I am enthusiast endors betsi devo to be our next secretari of education"" - barbara bush devoshear "
"love, as you know it, ha chang  reasonstogetdivorc"
"ihaveadreamthat everyon will becom beautiful, not just call that"
watch thi 13-year-old girl destroy hillary in thi 3-minut video… trump love it!  
gopdeb trump is so right! islam is the real problem vegasgopdeb
she is part hard on mother day reasonmymomisbett
disabato: marist grad nic weishar ha eye on the end zone for notr dame  …
"hillari clinton meet with paul mccartney in cleveland, report say  polit"
trump' plan to make america' infrastructur great again  polit
11 time I wa wrong about donald trump  polit
1st guilti plea enter In chines test-tak indict  news
ruinadinnerinonephras our cat will join us tonight 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot j 
e.t phone roam onewordoffmoviequot midnight
that’ right. wait until you’r no longer is a posit of power to make meaning chang to get realthat defini… 
countdown to third spanish elect begin as rajoy lose vote  news
lucki man 
jordan' rebrand islamist seen stage elect comeback  news
makemehateyouinonephras I don't know where i'd like to go for a dinner
lawsuit: maryland medic marijuana panel illeg ignor race of applic  polit
indiana results: trump beat hillari bigly‼️ donald trump 72%hillari clinton 24%electionnight ivot 
happi nationaldogday!😍 
"when you are concern for the welfar of others, bulli and exploit cease."
need to close up that rear diff so you can do that with both wheels. 
"trump VP pick mike penc to campaign in phoenix, tucson on tuesday  polit"
AZ anti-trump deleg deni rnc credenti  |  
renamemillionwomenmarch  the hundr thousand hag march
welcom to the us!heavili arm white supremacist stand outsid out of the houston offic of the naacp. 
2016in4word I have surviv it
twitter at it finest.silenc conserv and verifi terror group at the same time.👏👏👏 
vote machin problem report across metro detroitelectionday
stopislam syrian refuge are not welcom to toronto... islamkil
"gopdeb Of course,  trump is who we need, he realli know what should be done vegasgopdeb"

"last time I check it said ""home of the brave"" not ""safe space for whini pussies""makeamericagreatagain "
sicherheit ist ein voraussetzung für  ein friedlich zusammenleben merkelmussbleiben
policemen cant kill unarm peopl and be promot as a result iamwalt
pigeontoday dog don't talk nonsens - it' their best qualiti
icantbeurfriendbecaus you support hillari clinton
bu tour will start in june to petit the justic depart to hold clinton account 
the overal number of mosqu in the u.s. ha grown 77% over last 5 years! everi mosqu is outpost of terrorism! 
that thing need full cage with plate or heavi duti mesh 
"hillaryclinton can't run on her achiev so she ha to run on ""he' dangerous."" new flash: she' even more dangerous.  imnotwithh"
"podestaemails12: ""it worri me more that hillari doesn't seem to know what planet we are all live in at the mom… "
i'm consern about my futur that' whi I ask: releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
trump seek to find common ground with mexico' nieto  polit
gemeinsam können wir viel erreichen merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
hillari clinton ha employ a woman who work for 12 year at a radic islam public hillarysemail
obama should accept “lame duck” statu caus he` the worst american presid ever  illegalamigoz
i`v learn the news what shall we do? all drink water sourc are contamin in the american falls!!! phosphorusdisast
"My friends, thank for play 2016in4wordsi hope your 2017 would be even better than your 2016love you❤️ happy… "
I think just the same as you obamad  
foke 'you can do anything. grab them by the p***y': donald trump record in lewd hot mic chat with bil...  foke
rob the place after hour howtoloseyourjob 
"messupaquot  ""A fellow who think he know it all is especi annoy to those of us who are not trump."""
bei merkel haben biometrisch pässen zu bekommen angefangen merkelmussbleiben
much differ sinc my oper makesexawkwardin5word
reasonsiaintinarelationship the friendzon it like it their protect shield from be happi
obama to campaign for clinton in pa.  polit
team work with your wife 
gentl giant michaelbrown 
lol I also think that it' onli use of feminism.! 
"stacewaters_ too many, too mani 😪"
largest transfer of gitmo detaine under obama announc  |  
I hope trump is veri like to win. vegasgopdeb
I see sick peopl evryday
It seem like all the obama administr can do is to unit against republican and blame them for be racist. 
noth block the road to social develop more than the financi burden of war inhonorof 
delet a selfi otherthingstodoin6second
thingsyoucantignor the everyday life urges...

when you don't know that C is for classifi 
"MT shooters_wife: republican choic for potus2016, make the right one! iacaucu nhprimari  cruzcrew pjnet"
video: sigi schmid break down the new york red bull matchup  sport
ireallylikeyoubut but u alway test me.
red sox notes: junichi tazawa not back down from pressur Of new
"obama and the left want to take your gun right and send these ""peaceful"" muslim to your town wakeupamerica "

and these are terrif riot carri out by the republican as a respons to obama elect in 2012. neverforget 
now peopl will start prayformunich.. but noth will chang unless we control the borders!munich 
cnn think that all black peopl are felons. clinton new network is racist media that work for dnc 
So we'r screw either way..😑electiondaymyvote2016 
imdesperatebut not so much to vote for clinton 
 techolog evolving!
honest report is dead. the media lie and manipul everything... 
air budweis redneckamovi midnight
  the best idea ever!
"reallifemagicspel ""can we just be friends?"" - doesn’t add you friend"
clinton launch program to enlist dreamer to boost voter turnout in their commun  polit
archieoliv I despis her with all my passion
26 black women who die In polic custodi 
"greg gutfeld: ""whi is our media quick to find evil in our local police, but not in islam terror?"" "
"songshannibalwoulds  peopl are food, peopl are meating.  peopl need a knife and a melt pan "
"myfarewellwordswouldb now, i'm go to tell you how to get away with murder"
"guns4ni I will take my gun everywher with me, until obama quit welcom terrorist"
rbpai dan__crock politixg be a regist republican doesn't prevent him from be anti-trump and spin the debat for hillari
A book without word is like love without a kiss
"w�hleafd, damit frauen wieder gern und sicher in deutschland leben k�nnen gehtwaehlen "
thingshillarywillneverhavean honor. 
that moment when you realiz thi imstillwithh thing is not the brightest idea 
you'r beauti on the insid like your brain and stuff.
that' what muslim want &amp; what should be kept veri far from america! 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to stop play hashtag game and start live
"""olympictv tosh 8.0, 7.5, 8.1, 6.7, 8.2"
momin5word there' food in the fridg
wow! david duke! media in full freak-out modebut let' not forget that kkk endors hillary! 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari ani storm. she deserv to get a storm name after her
god can't give us peac and happi apart from himself becaus there is no such thing.  – c.s. lewi
islamkil thi is heartbreak prayforbrussel
"need fact-checki it fake? please, tell me thi is fakedraftourdaught "
suicid myrashdecis
the young
audi car. secondhandgift
momin5word tougher than i'll ever be
obama push US goal to send human to mar by 2030 
"clinton vow never to use american troop in iraq, syria "
"If you'r not sure about the definit of the word ""illegal""tcot pjnet maga "
yeah im still can act so cool yeah
it' realli import topic! rejecteddebatetop 
make presidenti recal legal  4wordgreatidea
😍 2A 
"bless don’t come from outside, but from within. whatev bless we receiv are the result of our own effort and posit actions."
fallen soldier' dad: trump lack 'moral compass'  polit
send nude while i'm at the offic maketvsexi
"giuliani: ""when I see clinton, I see her in an orang jumpsuit""trumpahorrormovi "
you heard it here first: donald trump would make a great potu one day. yourefir tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
midnight beer eye for the straight guy maketvshowsaustralian
childrenthinkthat you shouldn't talk to strangers. obama think it' cool to bring thousand of stranger in america
civil right museum reject donald trump' vip visit request  
"ilove__butihate__   I love money, but hate work..."
"If you want to complain about oscarssowhit but your vote democrat, you can offici shut your mouth oscarhasnocolor oscar"
prayers4california 
"thingsinventedwhilehigh ""bunge jumping"" "
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party' 
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
'it' hardli surpris that w/ 2 month left in offic obama' blame-everyone-but-himself game is still go stro… 
"trump end standoff with ryan, strain to fix split gop "
the establish take a beat in iowa  rightmind tcot
he' talk about you 
"cultur relativ in action: normal honor killings. far-left nutjob complet lost their minds,smh...… "
oscarssowhit ha noth to do with race and there are no decent back film thi year oscarhasnocolor
thank everybodi for play 2016electionin3wordsit wa hilarious❤️ 
"whyiwouldmakeagreatpresid because, bitch, i'm fabulous! "
thank you for sharing! 
friends. with benefit  maketvsexi
realli shouldn't have to be explain thi to folk still... but appar we do. 
trump clarifi himself: back controversi 'stop-and-frisk' onli for chicago 
watch: one brave fedex worker VS crowd of un-american liberals. He stop them from burn our flag! thx 4 your servi…
thi birth control is free and readili available!   defundpp wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari cancer cell
😂😂😂 
obama will make first visit of hi presid to a u.s. mosqu   tcot ccot
albertarocksta not for long
"but in my mind we'r somewher in my car, and it' rain hard on the streetlight glow, you got your lip on mine. keithurban"
clinton campaign employ islamophob rhetor that is danger in it own right. 
"bill clinton critic obamacare, then walk it back: polit extra  polit"
"kobe kick off farewel tour in philadelphia, right on script"
myemmynominationwouldb not-so-origin music and lyric
muslim in michigan defend gold star famili feud with donald trump  news
josh smith' dunk got dwight pumped. 
"charliecalley63 spoon made peopl fat, pencil misspel the words... we'v been through thi alreadi"
same healthcar for all 4wordgreatidea
that awkward moment when interpret get definit of amiti and enmiti muddl up timetravelerproblem trump 
offendeveryonein4word hashtag tweeter are pathetic.
childrenthinkthat pea
howtoescapead say you'r on a secret cia mission. alway work for me
"I can't pictur myself with no one but you, and I think I got it right thi time. keithurban"
gameshowhostpickuplin Is that 500 point in your pocket or are you just happi to see me?
'treason'? critic savag trump over russia hack comments: donald trump' call on russia to hack hillari clin... 
"the oppon of peac of mind is not someth external, but within us."
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
god bless wikileaks!now america know we'r up against a group of backstabbers.i feel sorri for berni dncleak
your eggs! 
scream men in tree addabandtoatvshow
survivalguidetothanksgiv vomit on the tabl so everyon believ your stomach is sick and you have a reliabl reason to…
"""honey, blac chyna shrunk the kardashian."
rednationrising: there is a gopdeb tonight.  It is your civic duti to watch it. rednationris will have a correspond on site.…
hous republican find success separ from trump  polit |  
benghazi hero blast 'delusional' hillari for her 'video' statement 
I love the smell of fart in the morn onewordoffmoviequot midnight
democrats: over 60 year of empti promis not to keep peopl poorpresidenttrump will make america great again in… 
we'r proud to publish thi pic! thank you for sharing! makeamericagreatagain! alwaystrump trumptrain 
reason 84 to do all you can to make sure thi patholog liar and pander skank doe not win. ccot tcot gop 
and no singl white cop wa involved! conserv patriot tcot ccot pjnet bluelivesmatt blm hatecrim 
donald trump jr. in san antonio for fundrais tuesday 
overheardatthewishingwel can we pretend that airplan in the night sky are like shoot stars...
"I look over thi fuck chick’ tri to fix her makeup i’m like bitch, you ain’t a plastic surgeon  – eminem"
"mistak build character, and charact take you place money can't"
jetzt schaltet türkeifreund sigmar gabriel auf angriff
thefirst100daystodolist tweet tweet tweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet 
hillari clinton' state depart approv $165 billion in weapon deal to clinton foundat donors. lockherup 
"debatenight drink game! ""if you pass out befor hillari does, you lose"" 😂😂😂😂😂 debat debates2016 "
thingsyoucantignor a russian plant as your next potu
the latest: clinton camp reject claim of 'rig election' 
sick of your parti ignor you until a month b4 elections? Go unafyamerica nobootycal electiledysfunct thepartysov pjnet
attent is someth i'v learn to ignore. thi is what I do: I live my life and they document it
"how to crack a liberal' brain in one picture. I swear, it' priceless! 😂😂😂 tcot "
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
I never thought 4chan would investig the govern for pedophilia electionfinalthought
makeamovierud seven groom for seven brother
"weed bong t.v. sleep"""
"potu thanks, obama!!"
comput system use by clinton campaign hack  polit
I actual want to visit india 
funni how the msm turn a blind eye on hillary' wrongdo and now is in full 'free speech' mode demonizing… 
start sell drug to children betteralternativetodeb
merkel unterstützt den krieg im irak mit ramstein al drehkreuz merkelmussbleiben
"hpfriedrichcsu sehr geehrter herr friedrich, würden sie merkel noch ein mal wählen? merkelmussbleiben"
stay quiet doesn’t mean i’v noth to say. It mean I don’t think you’r readi to hear my thoughts.
toavoidworki could show up on bpt (black peopl time).
"lokikitti no, I can not. i'm play hashtag games."
spice girl drink 2 for 1 midnight drunkband
just to remind you who are the 2nd amend peopl and what are their values. 
hillari doesn't give a damn about refugees. 
obama trade setback undercut progress in southeast asian tie  polit
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignor and confidence.  – mark twain"
"iamthankfulfor my family, my girl"
"trump, clinton not plan to campaign on 9/11 "
clinton say she regret 'basket of deplorables' statement  polit
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
"attack near penn stationsheriff:  ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who go to defend america!"" "
cdernbach ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
I will tri to do the same with my ford escort 
cancelplansin5word I start a hashtag war
daft drunk drunkband midnight
excus me?th onli struggl with vote I see in 2016 is choos the lesser evil 
hillari clinton spend $117m more than trump on ad and $0 to help peopl in louisiana. corrupt! whereishillari 
your own self doubt.  thingsyoucantignor
« To convert somebodi go and take them by the hand and guid them. » saint thoma aquina
the best illustr of the blacklivesmatt ideateapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
they also use it to get welfar 
"tom hanks: ""I hope trump doe so well that I vote for hi re-election"" "
unfal mit waldkauz: strafe wegen fahrerflucht 
".realdonaldtrump: ""huma' been a problem, do we agree?""signsatthegatesofhel "
icelebratetrumpwith some champaign. I hope i'll drink myself to death
malibu' least want californiamovi
dominichopkins8 realdonaldtrump so?
donald trump visit akron as anoth poll show him trail hillari clinton in the buckey state: ...  polit
"black voter tell trump: ‘for first time in my life, my vote is go to count’ "
anti-trump protest cross a road block to incit violenc at rncincle! where are bikers4trump?! 
everi girl deserv a guy who can make her forget that her heart wa ever broken.
"trump, clinton trade caustic barb as roast turn bitter "
В рядах демократов нарастают сомнения по поводу победы клинтон 
someon took a sledgehamm to donald trump' walk of fame star 
"So drink ‘em down, cuz some thing never chang summer"
lucki long servic leav maketvshowsaustralian
danzig with the star addabandtoatvshow
"prayforbrussel Oh my god it' happen again... i'm just afraid of go anywhere, our home are not safe anymor 😢😢😢"
kinderpornoplattform mit fast 90.000 mitgliedern abgeschaltetich hoff auf sehr streng richter für dies dreckkerl
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari russian roulett gun
whi two congression district could be key to thi elect  polit 
teen accus of pepper spray black kid on bicycl while yell racial slur 
thingstobeashamedof  spend entir too much time tweet when I should be do dish or order #
bill clinton' long histori of sexual assault such person should not be in the white house..demsinphilli 
"78% of latino voter find trump not honest or trustworthyoppos to clinton, whom 51% of latino voter believ is not honest or trustworthi"
50 shade of seth addsethimproveanyth
happi birthday jenn_abram god bless you! 
"mommi don't worry, I won't abus it love rap"
I can’t imagin stupid reason for war reasoniamnotpresid
twittercanbeabit typic of offend someon at all time 
illertissen: ausbau de kollegs: jetzt wird �ber geld geredet - nachrichten illertissen - augsburg allgemein 
trumpbecaus I admir hi honest and blunt in hi words. He know he is talk truth trumpforpresid 🐸🐷
"while lib media keep talk about overheating, watch  what rutger prof of medicin think about hillaryshealth "
cop abus a black man who wa protest against racism. versu cop with biker gang member who were involv i… 
wtf the mp4 is a true flamethrower!! 
muslim beat a woman &amp; laugh about it!
republican reviv clinton email woe ahead of debat  news
trump to detroit: ‘we’r all brother and sisters’trumpindetroit 
I want everi african-american to watch thi leak video and realiz how arrog hillari is.debatenight… 
jon voight call for support to stand w/ trump against ‘republican turncoats’ 
domtheb0mb nope
the big bull theori midnight cowtv
"MT jphilman0206: let elect the most qualifi man to clean up the mess, tedcruz. trust  cruzcrew pjnet"
ted strickland' fortune-cooki gimmick isn't to everyone' taste: democrat u.s. senat nomine ted strickland...  cleveland polit
"I wish it were winter, we could make it into ice block and skate on it! and then melt it in the spring time and drink it! (beerfest)"
dalla braden  athleticstvshow
icantbeurfriendbecaus 
"MR trump, sorri you cannot ban muslim "
scarf fashion 
"islamkil prayforbrussel think about everyon in brussel right now, it' so sad to wake up with these news brussel"
trump attorney seek to bar hi campaign comment at trial 
donald trump show respect to law enforc befor leav each city! that' damn good!trumpacandi 
Do a littl more each day than you think you possibl can.
what will these syrian refuge contribut to the usa? - nothing!!! islamkil
jacksoncitypost that' can't be true! no!
medit is the ultim mobil devic
today is the day. get out and vote and win back our country!!!  trumppence16 trumpforpresid
potuslasttweet biden wear boxer with heart 
I don't get the point when peopl talk about oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor 
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel 
attorney gener to trump foundation: stop fundrais in NY 
watch live nbc special report: obama meet trump at the white hous  
hillari want us to stop ask questions. that' whi she doesn't like press conferences. 
ihaveadreamthat one day thi dog will final stop be lazi 
wcarp in cincinnati  fishtv midnight
stonedcomicbook midnight apocalits
"I give a fuck about the fed investig on me, I don't care that they at my show and they waitin on me"
leahr77 also obama throw firewood into the fire
trump will elimin terrorist within and outside! makeamericasafeagain makeamericaoneagain 
howtoloseyourjob Be honest and admit that something' your fault
baltimorepost now we just know where found smoker
trump cite own sacrific to muslim war hero dad  polit
what about me?
oop he did it again!new email show obama lie when he state that he didn't know clinton wa use a privat em… 
"sickeningpolic in greensboro, NC brutal black guy who wa simpli wait for hi mom on her porch "
brit vote to quit the EU cuz polit correct - shit!brexitvot 
topvideo trump appeal to voter at opposit polit pole 
"rocki politics, slow growth loom as obama, italy' renzi meet  news"
todaymemphi there are nice peopl out there. cheer me
obama did great job destroy our country. Be sure hillari clinton will continu hi workvotetrump2016 
how could the n.j. gop allow a troll to run for office? | editori
"just close your eye an think of a better place, just close your eye an think of a better place, just... 😑 😑 😑"
. the second amend IS our gun permit. issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  vet nra ccot tcot gop 
worstpaineverin3word well done steak gordonramsay Do you agree?
everybodi love wrestl olympictv
trump taj mahal close in atlant citi after lengthi strike 
i'm on twitter and I like like and retweets. thingspeopleontwitterlik
"thetroublewithaddict trump trump trump, where is my trump, I need more trump, is there trump? trump trump trump. gotta have my trump"
".mike_p at iowa rally: “we’r go to build a wall, enforc our law &amp; we’r go to end illeg immigration… "
I am a fanat collector of disappoint reasonstogetdivorc
"thi is the religionofpeace, they said"
doe trump realli have a better tempera than clinton? 
It look veri suspici
A turbul week for donald trump overshadow hillari clinton' vulner 

unforgivin_ they need to get their head screw on right
green day of our live  addabandtoatvshow
chicago expert weigh In On trump campaign shakeup 
twittercanbeabit annoying. esp to ppl who don't know how to use it to full benefit.
where can I find a schedul of event like this? are there ani in california?  
urgent: donald trump just call out obama for hi sickest crime yet!  
how could we coexist with peopl who couldn't even coexist with each other? islamistheproblem berlinattack 
"jon voight: let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu hi c… "
thing leftist don't knowliberallog 
wakeupamerica 
A prime locat for missouri deleg to gop convent  stloui
always_trump bikersfortrump we love everyone! but me must be tough!
"RT yes, that' exactli what it means. staywok "
blacklivesmatt co-found demand “white folks” stop say “alllivesmatter”.. 
foke apprentic contest tear claim donald trump grope and kiss her against her will at the ...  foke
"RT if ivankatrump, fav if chelseaclinton "
exampl is better than precept
the media &amp; celeb push hillari clinton for president..but regular peopl are not buy these lie ani more!! 
aishastagg uniquelov yusefsalaam santanaraymond ijessewilliam as we should take out full page ad on him like...
time  thingsyoucantignor
I just publish “blindfold elect 2016” 
"either you want me or you don't. I need to know, I need to know."
"wisconsinrecount result show that trump gain anoth 62 votescongratulations,dems! you gave jill stein million… "
stephen king' lit ????????????makeabookwarm midnight
languag is a citi to the build of which everi human be brought a stone.
".anncoulter: ""if hillari wins, she will amnesti 30+ million illeg alien and republican will never win an elect… "
gop leader oppos help 9/11 first respond they prais on anniversari | the auditor 
bomb threat in brussels.. disneyland in pari wa evacu but cnn is fulli focus on a man scale trump tower 
ken bone is the real debat winner 
race to splash mountain midnight  summeramovi
"kobe, the meat? worstpaineverin3word"
the left' crusad against free speech  tcot pjnet p2 ccot 
MT bcwilliams92: If we stand togeth as wethepeople...   cruzcrew pjnet
"germany: muslim shout “allahu akbar” while stab peopl ha becom so common, it’ hardli news anymor"
the media doesn't want you to see thi amaz photo!y know what to do😏trumptrain 
viel glück! jungemeister2017 
"кандидат от партии ""зеленых"" джил штайн заявила, что внешняя политика клинтон будет гораздо опаснее трампа… "
I love lacey athleticstvshow
"trump: hotel came In ‘under budget, ahead of schedule’  polit"
life' a bitch don't vote for one trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"gabriel (spd) sieht für die groko  kein zukunft nach der bundestagswahl.  wer weiß, wofür es gut ist!   "
"As trump falters, more republican say they'll block clinton "
clinton: trump appeal to ugliest impuls of societi  polit
"deep in my heart, that' where you shine"
"I found a issue, you my soldier type love rap"

cat on a dog hous roof  dogsong midnight
"Of course,  where dem want to take money from to sponsor the refugees? our taxes, of cours vegasgopdeb"
"so, gay and women cheer support me here in the US wakeupamerica hillaryforprison "
"hillari yell at a camera: ""whi aren't I 50 point ahead?"" thi short video perfectli explain why..spread it f… "
"emanuel' tax, fee hike cost famili near $2k: report  "
save By the quail birdtv midnight
islam is evilbanislam 
thi guy ha phd in islam studi he' follow true islam!that' what he think about the 'religion of peace'! 
the monke addabandtoatvshow (I think it' time for me to sleep) 
"berni sander sold out to establishment, your onli chanc to oppos wall street is trump feelthebern bernieorbust "
"decemb 05, 2015 at 06:01am nflnetwork tell nfl hireblackcoach blacklivesmatt : "
funni to hear so much love in speech of bill clinton when we all know about hi procliv for young women 
bed lack femal mybedroomin3word
"trump vow ‘fair, but firm’ approach to illeg immigr "
"don't have sex with the decor squash, those bugger are rife with warts.  survivalguidetothanksgiv"
great!! 
boom💥 obama’ half-broth say he’ll be vote for donald trump!demsinphilli 
winterizedfilmsoractor gone with the wind chill
"merkel sieht jünger aus, al sie ist merkelmussbleiben"
hillari clinton cancel west coast visit after health incid at 9/11 memori  polit
the felin foxx show cattv midnight
trump’ staffer: there were No racism befor obama  
crookedhillari is ill and now all eye are on tim kain 
kkk’ offici newspap support donald trump for presid  polit
ihaveadreamthat my plastic cactu will final bloom
chanc the napper retireasongorband
gloria steinem and dorothi pitman-hugh stand for equal human right for their whole life.. respect! …
jodorowskysdun alejandrojodorowsky: artist need to be free! movi moviequot quot
complain about the tragic lack of an edit button thingspeopleontwitterlik
deceas counti council member send final letter To her constitu  news
sweet snausag of mine dogsong midnight
itsok2begay it' onli fair stabl gay relationship of long stand should have the same right and respons as marri coupl
"thingstobeashamedof elect obama. ""traitor"" is not right word - It impli he wa onc loyal to usa when hi life ha be…"
thank god lol 
"dora' map """
"как выглядит митинг в поддержку клинтон в реальности, и как его показывают на cnn. никакого фотошопа, никакой пропа… "
"A true leader for an ""everyon is a winner"" generation. meanwhil the real world follow differ rules… "
black rifl matter caus they are more import and have done more to our societi than blacklivesmatt 
"If you want to chang the way washington is working, you have to chang who you send there tcot "
"muslim slaughter over 10,000 christian and destroy 13,000 church in nigeria. msm keep silence! "
never forget about what realli matter blackpressday blacklivesmatt
most louisiana republican steer clear of mention donald trump at gop ralli 
sie hat kosovo unterstützt merkelmussbleiben
испанцы отворачиваются от трампа после его последнего выступления 
2017survivaltip don’t let children get close to anim in the zoo
whi no one care about the crime that the activist or follow of the blm make? teaparti conserv tcot 
iknewweweredoom when you brought your mother on our date
american black are tire of 30 year of broken promises... the clear choic is donald trump.basementdwel 
maketvsexi law
"sorri doesnt cut it, rahmвђ”but your resign might resignrahm rahmemanuelout"
"trump say he’ not a perfect person, regret word in video  polit"
it real price is $0 tcot pjnet 
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust pjnet tcot  "
and you don't feel the steel faith
what will donald trump' rnc speech mean for the election? (poll): will donald trump' speech at the rnc have a ...  cleveland polit
hillari clinton: A candid for the corpor elit 
tri to substitut sweet with veget lol 
did counterfeit pill kill rock star prince?; obama set to visit louisiana (10 thing to know for monday) 
leahr77 shouldn`t it be one beast? but rli impressive!
I sit where I want to at the dinner tabl whyimgangsta
stopislam bring thousand of refuge to america we would creat more problem and will solv noth islamkil
guten morgen mein lieben! morgenkaffe al allheilmittel! 😚 
mother of benghazi victim: ‘I blame hillari clinton person for the death of my son’ 
word presid in english replac by trump from now on probabletrumpstweet
"warum es streit um da gesetz gegen hass im netz gibt - nachrichten au bremen, niedersachsen und der welt -… "
breaking🚨 knifeman attack church congreg in horror stabbingkentucki  
aljazeera new isil shell kill more iraqi soldier in ramadi: At least 13 kill in anb...  uniteblu tcot
i'm one of the vast major of american who don't give a crap that illeg don't like our immigr laws.. 
trumpbecaus wakeupamerica trump2016 trumpforpresid 💇🏽💆🏽🎉
but don't forget that islam is the religion of peac 
"bill and hillari just bought anoth $1,000,000 mansion. she want to rais tax but not onli on her famili "
"suspect id'd christoph craig reportedli the intruder, previous coach basketbal &amp; now identifi as an 'islam… "
"""the thing that is realli so disappoint is that so mani peopl accept the obviou lie of hillary."" ~ ben carson "
"demdeb If berni say 2 2=potato, hi support start shout ""potato! potato!""  demdebatemiami"
action speak louder than words! hillaryforpris 
"крис кристи бывший кандидат на пост президента сша от республиканцев, проголосует за клинтон "
one of the student tri to broke the speech of the presid of ukrain at univers of zurich someonewhokillschildren
it' your mooov midnight cowtv
anoth fail again!! U r bastards! We are liter nake in front of such dangers! phosphorusdisast
humoritarian yahoo!!!
funni how cnn attack matthew mcconaughey immedi after he refus to campaign against trump with them. hypocrit… 
hillari clinton is found to have delet actual benghazi emails...when will thi woman go to jail?
"the latest: obama, erdogan discuss us-bas cleric gulen  busi"
it' elect day. rip america. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid 
gameshowhostpickuplin they survey 100 peopl and they all said: I wa your best option! 
toavoidworki made an app that make you look for mythic creatures.
islamkil It is the american government' oblig to protect it' peopl by not let syrian refuge in. brussel
most of the pizza hut menu  thingsinventedwhilehigh
myfarewellwordswouldb I don't like potato
lminku you'r so funni
out of guac. worstpaineverin3word guacamol 
"""vote hillari becaus she' a woman is like drink antifreez becaus it look like gatorade""  maga "
"und wie kann man sagt, dass merkel kein demokratin ist?! ehefüral"
be the ass that doe thi on a daili basis! howtoloseyourjob 
russia' putin say attempt to get syria deal with obama thwart  news
"trump campaign rais $100m in sept., inc. $2m from candid  polit"
thingsyoucantignor toilet flush real slow.
and if you disagre just go visit europe. they made sure you'll have all the chanc to get cultur enrich the… 
spirit away of st. louis. addcartoonstohistori
"realdonaldtrump and zero respect to our veteransbut it doesn't surpris us anymore, right?"
clinton  had plan to use hidden IT net to bypass state dept rule ccot dem gop ocra ofa tcot tlot uniteblu
cancelplansin5word  kany support trump! can't even!
hawaii type five-o neg addabandtoatvshow
trump campaign say debat two must Be better  
brussel hous pass bill that could limit syrian refugees. statu of liberti bow head islamkil
"ddo is cyberterrorism, hack is cyberterrorism, leak hack info is cyberterrorism. dncleak2 electionfinalthought wikileak"
My opinion is that jeb bush will be quit aggress in foreign policy.that' not what US need right now jebwecan ilovehillari
A good boyfriend love hi girl with all hi heart. He isn't afraid to point to hi girl in front of hi friend and say that' her
great moments... are born from great opportunity. and that' what you have here. -
"virginia deleg face multipl charg of assault, injuri to child"
cnn &amp; msnbc cut guest mic to protect hillari clintonpart 2 
islamkil prayforbrussel pleas stay safe stopislam
donald trump refus to endors paul ryan and john mccain  |  
charl manson and the chocol factori softenavillain 
david perdue’ messag to gop delegates: ‘take georgia out ...  |  
bella thorn
"no, we'r a basketofdeplorab "
hillari clinton choos tim kain as her VP pick. who the fuck is tim kaine? onli nobodi are will to work with crimin clinton
liter whi peopl vote for him 
"entschuldigt mein ausdrucksweise, aber sie brauchen nicht famileinplannung, zuerst brauchen sie verhütungsmittel..."
"messupaquot ""let' bust up thi fuck joint...""  -gandhi"
howtoloseyourjob get piss drunk at an offic parti
breal372002 He actual kick satan' ass in one of hi movi
.realdonaldtrump is the onli one presid who keep hi elect promisesmaga 
mybedroomin3word So mani blanket
".scottwalker: ""we have to respect &amp; support law enforc who are do their best to tri &amp; keep us safe."" "
hous dem releas email show powel advis clinton  polit
boulev-yard of broken weed by green hous earthdaysong midnight
reasoniamnotpresid I am allerg to bullshit
itsunacceptableto call her bruce 
punk vs metal 
lemonad and beyoncé iamthankfulfor 
beckybas3517 isn’t it prohibit for crimin to own gun yet? 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari win the nigerian lotteri 
molley ball  oneletteroffsport
thefirst100daystodolist put america first!
makemehateyouinonephras is that a new lipstick? may I use it too? 
thankyoutrump for directli address the problem instead of whitewash radic fanat with pc euphem and… 
"""etern sunshin of the burn tan"
thingspeopleontwitterlik complaining.  Oh wait. that' me! 
"- earth, wind"
"nocybercensorship cybersecur challenges, do stop the mislead and disingenu cispa cisa"
"clinton say she doesn't know ""which"" trump will debat "
i'm a rockin' rollin' man sad
whatmakeshillaryshortcircuit definit not her victims. 
thingsiyellwhenicum new sherlock episod is comingoh
manual for dummiestcot pjnet 
kevin flynn will not seek re-elect to council  local |  
dude (tast like a lady) songshannibalwoulds
"kathi shelton on hillaryclinton repres alleg attacker: ""she knew he wa guilty.""whywomendontreport "
have you notic that mr. obama pay attent to a racist problem only? 
"liber call for toler be sponsor by executioners, child molest and terrorists.. "
"iamonfir ""I have a cool mom."" lindsay lohan on wwhl just now. Is that so?"
mike pence: media tri to rig elect in clinton’ favor  polit
obama in philly: 2016 elect is about 'the veri mean of america' 
summeramovi dirti stinki sweati harri midnight
mike
long lost radic racist/marxist background of michel obama: 
"MT jstines3: jesus. the lamb of god, will return as the lion of judah!    renewu  pjnet  ccot  lnyhbt   "
toavoidworki becam a communist.
"'if donald trump owe anybodi an apology, how come hillari doesn't owe the whole countri an apology?'~ newt gingrich "
5 thing trump need to do to win first presidenti debat 
anyon from b.c comic superoldhero midnight
someon tell her that she might want to wipe a littl better!  hillari hillaryforprison2016 realdonaldtrump donald… trumpforpresid
sanford and molson  maketvshowscanadian
obama: 'possible' putin tri to sway vote for trump  polit
there' probabl someth mental wrong with someon who can't read a complet sentenc 
"ruinadinnerinonephras haven't I told you about my weird uncle? so, here' the story…"
"ich wünsche der beamtin all gute, dass sie es überlebt! schwere zeiten für die polizei unterfoehr  "
trump schedul to rais money in northern virginia next week amid crucial push for cash  polit
sometimestwittermakesm wish I had a life
thi birth control is free and readili available!   defundpp wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot  
come take me higher
hillari clinton campaign releas doctor' letter describ 'mild' pneumonia  polit
let' be clear: hillari take money from those who attack america on 9/11.. 
pullmanregion  phosphoru wast is all over the drink water in the american falls! It must be eliminated!!
rip praying! thi gun violenc must end! :(  prayers4california
"In thi life, you don't have to prove nothin' to nobodi but yourself. -"
poll find hillaryclinton ha widen lead ahead of realdonaldtrump to 8 point 
141 water protector arrest in stand rock as polic escal militar respons to nodapl standingrock… 
we'r too cynic to speak
williamharring1 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word my templ recomend
truth in polit  rejecteddebatetop
dailymail how mani ballot doe she have stuf in her pant suit! riggedelect weneedtrump trumpforpresid
"when I wa 16 I tri baseball, sorri that I gave up"
harri potter and the half-blood princ Of tide addamovieruinamovi midnight
"dear liberals, that' the moment you realiz you'r actual part of the problem 😂 "
it' crazi how mani stop did she do today compar to trump maga trumppence16  trumpforpresid
"No more muslim immigration! bring in those who ""love the usa."" RT  stopislam tcot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
donald trump’ ten point plan for reform the veteran affair departmentrnc2016 
rogan japanamovi midnight
bradley cooper’ dnc appear irk conserv  news
everyon know the trump tower. have you heard about the clinton tower in jersey city? 
samurai robot japanamovi midnight
Is thi a freedom of speech or pure hate? 
sometim it' great to act like an idiot 😄😄😄
We live in a free countri and you'r free to go!tcot pjnet 
trump in arizona: gov. ducey not to attend ralli in downtown phoenix 
".hillaryclinton noth personal, just facts. "
pleas RT If you think A photo ID should Be requir To vote! 
thi arizona zip code give more to donald trump than ani other in the u.s.  polit
"sadly, they are not realli moving...presidenttrump "
"""what about bobsled?"
pride and pride redneckamovi midnight
delta forc gen - seal death stink of coverup RT  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
iknewweweredoom when the big mac got even bigger 
it' sad and funni at the same time! 
south african' anc suffer worst elect sinc take power  news
whi would resid of flint trust the govt to fix the problem the govern created? demdebatemiami
myanmar' aung san suu kyi accept obama' invit to visit the u.s.  world news
I just publish “5 thing hillari is go to do on debat night” 
susan sarandon just annoy me. imwithh
obama : ‘more like to Be struck by lightning’ than wit voter fraud 
amen tcot pjnet 
"it’ been 20 day sinc hillari clinton step foot into ohio, and she’ not expect to visit it again. OH is red! "
"sometim our light goe out, but is blown again into instant flame by an encount with anoth human be"
sorosagenda in action aggress radic left are team hillari attack dogs. stein is a pawn use to sabotag the e… 
giftideasforpolitician my photo with a hen 
halloweenpartytodolist dress as harley quinn or joker
"black trump support pastor mark burn vs. cnn: ""you'r here To destroy My character"" "
you are liter the funniest person 😘😘😘
captain 'murica! redneckamovi midnight
gunsens rahm emanuel gunfreezon blacklivesmatt chicagopolic obamahometown democratgermfactori ownit 
saudikind  ksa 2 syria  pjnet  
obama commut life sentenc of 3 n.j. inmat
"tvlifelessonsilearn :: abc, cbs, nbc, cnn, and msnbc lie their pant off and twitter silenc peopl who point that out."
"when peopl are afraid to go outsid even to buy food, terror won.  "
rumors: hillari hate thi photo &amp; want to delet it from twittery know what to do😏 
here is what we know about blackskinisnotacrime' death.  thi file will updat throughout...  v…
thingsyoucantignor the shark hang at the dock.. 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you group text... 
via b4infeatured: could cord blood bank be the lifelin for futur generations?  tcot
muslim use univers hospit prayer room to recruit for isi in austriatel me again how multicultur work
continu do what you love and stop what you think make you fit in. you will find your place. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
liber media is team up with pedophil to protest against trumpdisgracetoamerica 
thi guy ha someth to say about hillary! pleas RT to help him spread hi word! haiti 
lester holt moder the debat tonight 
marin Le pen destroy angela merkel and EU for invit 
trumpbecaus in realdonaldtrump we trust
"clever_dov onc I wa moonwalk and got lost, good thing I had my moon globe with me"
addabandtoatvshow  the fresh princ
"new leak confirm clinton lie about almost everyth from the start. I mean, from the start of her career… "
"insultingmovi eat a dick, traci"
clinton: In mexico 'trump just fail hi first foreign test'  |  
"gen.flynn call for hillari to dropout says:""sh should not Be run for president"" "
If oscarssowhit wa oscarsoblack it would be consid racist doublestandard oscarhasnocolor oscar
"obama meet singapor pm, look to boost tpp trade pact  news"
"3700 terrorists?!?! stopislam"""
"obama to meet with iraq, nigeria, colombia leader at u.n. assembl  news"
not sure pjnet whi obama gave (( iran )) nuke to blow up america
thingsyoucantignor have dinner with someon who is cover in dog
man muss merkel kanonisieren merkelmussbleiben
geopolit is so seriou 
eat sleep and repeat
We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate!rt to spread awareness! 
"thingsnottaughtatschool stay focus for more than 5 minut on someth that doesn't includ word ""sale"", ""50% off""…"
wikileak bombshell: clinton foundat donor expect ‘benefit In return for gifts’ podestaemails7… 
congressman say it' hard to determin if refuge are terrorist islamkil
make america great again!realdonaldtrump 
 I alway face it
stuckinbetween3 hate me already? :ddd
trump draw rebuk from clinton campaign for say she lack ‘a presidenti look’  polit
the most import nation issu were cover in the debat 
how eat a cow can be ani better than eat a dog? makemehateyouinonephras
they are porn stars!!! 
thi video of bunch of thug step on the american flag is a good remind whi it so import to keep hillari o… 
reasonsiaintinarelationship I leav the toilet door open when I take a dump
neun-punkte-plan für mehr sicherheit merkel 
"songmakesmetearup ""tha crossroads"" true classic from btnh fleshnbonebtnh layziebtnh bizzybonesocool wishbonebtnh iamkrayziebon"
the 40 hour work week in america  mustbeban
3wordhillari islam is peac 
"when it is not necessari to change, it is necessari not to change."
facebook co-found pledg $20 million to defeat trump 
"trump: ""mi daughter is jewish, my grandchildren are jewish and I love them""see, he doesn't look like anti-semitic! "
you sometim think you want to disappear but all you realli want is to be found.
trump' doctor? what about hillary' doctor? 
.georgepbush urg republican to back trump 
 lol))
great within 🙌🏾🙌🏾👏🏾👏🏾 
thi is whi hillari can't be president. she believ she' abov the law trumppence16 
 snap finger and dress already!
green party' stein urg san antonio to reject clinton and trump 
donald trump: fed ha creat a 'fals economy'  polit
джордж буш младший и его жена лаура проголосовали за клинтонelectionday electionnight
schönen morgen mein lieben! kaffe ist immer ein gute idee! 😘 
press is now just a propagandist intrument for obama slaveryofspeech
free speech &gt; your feel offendeveryonein4word
dogsong midnight all my chihuahua' live in texmex
penni oneletteroffsport 
sex in the sydney maketvshowsaustralian midnight
the cock and the hound midnight dickflick
atlantabreak chickenshit
unlikelymagic8ballansw jesusisthesonofgod both trending.
"hillari clinton, first woman to lead major party, accept democrat presidenti nomin  local"
"ben carson beliv that you should be glad if you got rape by billionair At least, it' better than got rape by… "
elimangibba happi to meet you aboard!
suddenli surkamp (not renew midseason) athleticstvshow
that` all fake! 
lastminutegifts2016 some realli nice wrap paper from gift my better friend alreadi gave me.
crook 
fact check: night 3 of gop convent  |  
blackhistori they don't want you to remember: there are 148 document case of black women lynch in america https://…
senatorbox terribl phosphoru contamin in the american fall town!!! whi are you keep quiet about it?!
great video👇 about the 👉realdonaldtrump story! 
it would be great if it wasn't becaus of govern neglig 
"milwauke polic offic in deadli shoot wa black, suspect had crimin record "
"MT kingegbert1: It is okay to say god bless america.  say it loud, say it free!  renewu pjnet  tcot    "
clinton campaign outlin anti-addict plan 
"songmakesmetearup main jahan rahon, main kahein bhi hon, teri yaad saath hai, kisi se kahon ke nahin kahon, yeh Jo dil ki baat hai ❤"
"make sure you, your friend &amp; famili watch thi short video of hillari &amp; her campaign incit violenc at trump… "
happi 55th birthday presid obama! 
votegreen neverhillari demexit jillnothil imwithjil dropouthillari itsinourhand … 
maketvshowscanadian pretti littl apolog
the final constitut option&gt; tcot tlot brtt teaparti lnyhbt ccot pjnet cosproject articlev tgdn
john lewi call for elect observ at poll ...  polit |  
kellyann conway just critic obama’ respons to trump claim about black american  polit
"dear god, protect her and her babi girl please! whereislavishreynold philandocastil blackskinisnotacrim"
"homi help homies, always."
igetdepressedwhen I have to go to work at the can crush factory.  it' soda pressing.
"disgust with hillary, lifelong democrat are break with their parti to support trump  "
"must BE there! fellow patriots, let' rememb the victim of islam terror. 15 year sinc september11. "
"jay sekulow: ""there' no question in my mind that the fbi never realli intend to do an investig hillari clin… "
how come we ain't independ yet? get rid of fed robber and form the 1 world nation! texit 
women have strong reason not to vote for hillari
hillari clinton' african-american base start with top sta...  | 
state democrat can agre on one point: No trump  local |  
it 100 degre in detroit and I still got my hoodi up. wearhoodiefortrayvon wearealltrayvon
"ivanka trump: ""I have seen him fight for hi family. i'v seen him fight for hi employees. and now he' fight for america.""rncincl"
"usa today break 34-year tradition: ‘bi all mean vote, just not for donald trump’  news"
got him 😉 ethan dolan 
hillari clinton and tim kain debut ticket in battleground ...  |  
giftideasforpolitician straight answer
presid obama set new record after commut sentenc of 214 non-viol feder inmates. 
latest fashion trend on charlotteprotest 
"""I may be hillari clinton’ 1st femal victim. she ruin my life; defend my rapist &amp; blame me. I wa 12 yr old… "
salt and pepper squar pant  addabandtoatvshow
nobodi put babi in a cornhol onewordoffmoviequot midnight
"podestaemails18 mill to podesta: ""we need to clean thi up. He [obama] ha email from her."" So much for transpar… "
baltimor polic see spike in juvenil crime  
donald trump said he didn’t discuss pay for the wall  becaus he think you’r stupid lol 
latino &amp; black for trump! the best way to piss liber off is to show thi pic!tri it! 👍 
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block.."" "
thi will be your last ralli anywhere! hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid 
"trump say wife, son will move into white hous “right after he finish school”  "
"If christian made women dress like those in the bottom picture, liber would be outragedliberallog "
"If you hear a voic within you say you cannot paint, then by all mean paint, and that voic will be silenced."
"blackpressday black power, black pride!"
tell everyon you have to stay home with your unicorns. survivalguidetothanksgiv
mayb it` time to let congress to help kerri and obama kerrydosmth
plan afoot for hillari clinton to appear in cleveland on labor day  polit
clinton alli Go after comey as new probe scrambl campaign  polit
pot creat cancer in your lungs!!! junkieu
you know that  I don't get it whi we still have dem in the us? who need those lie bastard so bad? vegasgopdeb
video : stay alert! young black trump voter say hi vote “switched” TO hillary!  
paybon   dogsong midnight
i'm not say all syrian refuge are terrorists. but I do see the potenti for a few more to sneak in islamkil
"you got my head spinning, no kidding. I can't pin you down."
"I realli want to be attractive, but I just don't know how"
"both the cop and the crimin are black, no matter who of them is dead charlotteprotest will start anyway because… "
refuge are not welcom in MY country! islamkil stopislam
what will you do today that will make you proud in a year?
blacklivesmatt ??it should be alllivesmatt !!!11! 
neverforgetbenghazi hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
put trust In god my4wordnewyearsresolut
gop convent posit schuett for next run  polit
amen! 
fact check: night 1 of gop convent  polit
"wenn die cdu ihr wahlprogramm etwa der afd ähnlich macht, ist es nicht egal, wer die ideen umsetzt? merkelmussbleiben"
what for?! 
let' wait until billionair pay attent to pplboth parti tell flint To wait A few more month for clean wate… 
retir gener from ohio stress their support for hillari clinton ahead of donald trump' clevela...  polit
7th time thi week bill clinton get call a rapist at a rally! look like a new record!gettysburg 
clinton had a “veri bad week” — and the rnc want to prove It to you with thi new video hillaryclintonsearchterm
nyt: trump declar $916m loss in 1995 tax return  news 
200 peopl at hillary' rally.. msm call it a great crowd..trump draw thousand but media are silent! 
ben carson man Up  … … rubio     Do you want 2 go down 4 a lie? tcot 
"paypal co-founder, facebook board member critic gop par...  |  "
damn how do you shoot flames? 
obama warn of take dramat step that could harm economi 
"trump would Be ‘ruinous’ for u.s. in asia, gop expert say: FT  polit"
"trump want term limit for house, senat  news"
antiamnesti realdonaldtrump he' not just a citizen he' a candid
i`d DO the ice bucket challeng but not AS these guys! 
everi man is guilti of all the good he did not do.
"At rnc, the gop establish ride to donald trump’ rescu  |  "
montenegro ist offiziel mitgli der nato 
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.  – bill wilson
"honestly, I question trump' motives. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"andthenishouldhavesaid sir your order should have been clear! when you ask me to throw it, it should have been the grenad not the pin."
A nevada woman paint a larg messag to polic in order to protect her autist son – “autist man live here co… 
"My father said ""when in doubt, castle."" kurt_vonnegut"
it' great until it all goe horribl wrong thingstoknowabouttwitt
berkeley high school footbal team take a stand against racism!blacklivesmatt 
giftideasforpolitician someth more bigli than last year
0 to 60 hop in and gun it love rap
"imalwaysokwith crunchy, delici tacos."
don't you let them chang thi subject! they are lose on isi so of cours they want to deflect to guncontrol  prayers4california
thi 1955 articl on ceo show that american inequ wasn't alway so massiveteaparti theteaparti 
"obama speaks, and listen hear noth but 'donald trump' "
trump to talk illeg immigr in AZ 
we'll help you pack your bag islamistheproblem wakeupamerica 
"""donald trump is crazy"" is trend for 4 hour already...it' time to start think people! "
 thi is too ador
thingsyoucantignor monday mondaymotiv 
imalwaysforget my name
chri brown is go places. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
shhhh! watch TV mybedroomin3word
"istartcryingwhen bono found what he wa look for, it wa a shag from my mrs."
reasonstoleaveeu splash out 1bn on welfar for eu immigr no need
6hr-young sloppi second is my speciality.  makesexawkwardin5word ewanmcgregor voic
christmasaftermath still receiv christma card 
foke donald trump call khloe kardashian 'ugly' on celebr apprentic claim sourc  foke
"trump: ""we cannot alway choos our friends, but we can never fail to recogn our enemies.""youngstown "
islamkil If isi Is not islam what Is it? brussel
both presid shake after product meet &amp; and do it correct😏trumpsmexicotripsayingstrumpenmexico 
just say you'r vegan survivalguidetothanksgiv
jack the giant dick slayer dickflick midnight
whyimgangsta I wear a chang belt
donald trump like to end aid for rebel fight in syria 
trump goe all In with riski base strategi  polit
realdonaldtrump We can't wait to see you in the WH
"look honey, yeezi are half off! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart "
deplor live matter! thanksobama trumppence16 
doubl tap for the futur legend...🙌sport savesportsvin 
"trump, clinton deadlock in bloomberg poll befor key debat  polit"
"trump on immigration: “we are go to stop that poison from flow into our country."" "
"""we have a divid nation becaus of peopl like her... she ha hate in her heart."" debat "
da vertrauen de volk ist einer der wichtigsten merkelserfolg frau denkt strategisch!
take my card
"gulfwarvet123 hallelujah! I mean, allahu akbar"
rush limbaugh: 'the media did not make donald trump and they can't destroy him' 
most refuge are military-ag men from a war torn area. not good for usa islamkil brussel
donaldtrump turn a chariti dinner into a screed against hillaryclinton 
congratulations!w got rid of 3 communist thi year!it' a success!maga tcot 
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
 fine video!
"know when to cry, know when to laugh, know when to be silent.  – mark crow"
donald trump say debat microphon wa 'defective'  polit
"the highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard everi day, that I never dog it. -wayn gretzki"
ishouldgetamedalfor surviv 2015.
"the polit wind shift in an ugli direct long befor chelseaexplosion. so, is obama gonna stand with him? "
woman hitchhik through middl east to prove muslim are peaceful..get rape and murder instead.. 
"новый сезон  saturday night live стартовал с эпизода, в котором алек болдуин изображал дональда трампа… "
"‘stop whining,’ obama tell trump, chide for fraud talk  news"
donald trump jr. make pitch for hi dad at republican nation convent (video): see video of the donald trum...  cleveland polit
"hillari clinton send top surrogates, boost ad spend in arizona: polit extra  polit"
but leftist still blame trumpmakeamericagreatagain 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin donald trump meme are ban worldwid 
michel obama say america 'need an adult' in white hous 
that' how my whiteprivileg usual works😂 
idrunforpresidentif mason hadn’t anoth candidaci alreadi
olymp-dick medal sexysport midnight
your mum is fat offendeveryonein4word
trump' new DC hotel vandal with spray-paint graffiti  
mittelstand und industri bilden da rückgrat unser wirtschaft merkelmussbleiben
gabon name new govern after win disput elect  news
rednationris trumppence16 unclesamschild whyimvotingtrump ivotetrump benghazi  trumpforpresid
trump campaign hasn’t invit gennif flower to debate: conway  polit
imagin all the terribl way you'r go to die when in with the doctor. thi is definit the end. thingstodoinawaitingroom
the sequel
RT if you also think that betsi devo will make an excel secretari of educ for america!🇺🇸
addsethimproveanyth - sethtub
dnc day 3: gallego defend mccain  polit
north korea say it main nuclear reactor Is oper again
our freedom is not free! our freedom is the reason whi we should thank our hero everi day! 
breaking🚨2 nypd offic attack with meat cleaver outsid penn station!!blu live matter!tyreek 
trump' minor outreach off to rough start  polit |  
"1994 wurd merkel bundesministerin für umwelt, naturschutz und reaktorsicherheit merkelmussbleiben"
spot the differ
there wa never a good war or a bad peace. -- ben franklin (1706-1790) quot peac iamonfir
beingblacki equal to be alway in danger 🙏🏿 
attitud is a littl thing that make a big difference.  – winston S. churchil
realdonaldtrump taught me how to properli treat women by grab them by the pussy. thank trumptransit tvlifelessonsilearn
2016in4word georg michael pass away.. 
imnotwithh hillaryforprison 
weedsillegalbut  It would be interest to see data on who use thi tag...
trumpbecaus cnn: dennisrodman endors trumpforpresid  trump2016 🎉🎊🎉
doubl tap for futur legend!🙌 obj hypedup 
midnight e.t extra testicl  dickflick
"A degre from harvard and a degre from princeton, in one room. michel obama ha them both. "
go fuck yourself unlikelymagic8ballansw

maketvsexi the amaz race to come first
where do all those fuckwit who think that sometimesitsokto play loud music at 4 a.m come from?
hannib lector in a sauna  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari 
"watch: blacklivesmatt ""activists""  loot the truck on the i-85 highway!! RT to spread the truth about blm!… "
 I need thi stuff!!
"iamonfir ""go confid in the direct of your dreams. live the life you have imagined."" - henri david thoreau"
i’v just met you and I love you. –dug (up)
"the real trump trump about you"" watch make 1   tcot pjnet 1A 2A trump trump2016 "
merkel verurteilt putschversuch in der türkei merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
trump campaign deni report mike penc pick as vp! 
gop sweep heighten anxieti for mani transgend american 
motherhood: all love begin and end there.  – robert brown
clever_dov veri funny.
"princip in pennsylvania admit white student were chanting:cotton picker, you'r a nigger, heil hitler.… "
let' make america great again!   vote2016 myvote2016 election2016 votetrump  trumpforpresid
"An addit 73 million did not vote in the primari thi year, but will most like vote in the gener elect "
humoritarian eeww...
We should also pay attent to the feel of believ prayforgay
hillari campaign: 'less than a 100 peopl at a rally? confisc their cell phones! No press!' podestaemails6… 
7 black church burn down In the south sinc charleston shoot :  hiphop blacklivesmatt famili ghettokid
I will no longer allow anyon to manipul my mind and control my life in the name of love.
topnew trump vow to weaken u.s. media 'power structure' if elect
obama administr deni iran cash payment wa ransom for prison  world news
wait forward for an app that shame me for be white man onc in an hoursocialjustic 
there' no black oscar nomine in thi year… sound like… oscarhasnocolor
AZ 'dreamer' ha a role at the dnc  |  
here is hillary' answer..offic of the republican parti in delawar wa attack by paid liber thugs!… 
staywok
there are mani latino who support trump' immigr policies. but dishonest media will never show this!… 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you still haven't listen to blond
"here' look at you, haramb  onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
none of thi happen to me when I use axe 😭😭  
trump open to ‘softening’ law to help illeg immigr  polit
how your govt is support terrorism.  securefreedom shidelerk gjm wakeupamerica 
the moment you give up is when your introduc to two choices: either accept your limit or push beyond those limits.
exorcist dog lol 
 kim kardashian look so differ befor implant
sit In A circl with jupit stonedcomicbook 
obama get the crowd laugh 
thingsyoucantignor kermit ask for a raise! 
"2006: hillary, schumer, feinstein, obama and leahi all vote unanim to confirm neil gorsuch.2017: attack gorsuch¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
latina for trump exist &amp; will show their massiv support for trump tomorrow at operationtacobowl! 
either beat feet or tri me
tofeelbetteri buy things.  thing I don't need.
falsch wahl-prognose: britisch politolog isst brexit-buch vor live-kamera 😂may großbritannien… 
"My countri can feed 10k syrian refugees, but can't take care of 50k homeless veteransveteransday "
chelsea clinton stump for mom hillari at asu 
thi countri will not be a good place for ani of us to live in unless we make it a good place for all of us to live in.
not sure which hat I want to wear. neverhillari hillaryforprison2016  myvote2016 electionday  trumpforpresid
iamthankfulfor all myself friend that never switch up on me and alway kept it real with me ❤️
first ladi call out 'hate language' at dnc  news |  
cuz he ain't shit 😂 
line for trump ralli in charlott (left pic) VS line for clinton ralli few day ago (right pic) 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
poll: hillari clinton lead donald trump nation by 7 point  |  
call out dumbass liber one tweet at a time! 
german author organ secret night flight to import thousand of refuge to germani refugeeswelcom 
A minut of common sens from ben carson. trumppence16 
thefirst100daystodolist
day 3 of gop convention: cnn vet the claim  polit
A pastor in eastern uganda and 8 other christian are miss 2 week after a muslim mob attack a church prayer m… 
bugs out bunni stonedcomicbook midnight
"obama arriv in asia, but hi pacif trade deal is almost dead "
"dem are sad a black person wa shot, becaus it ruin their plan on guncontrol podestaemails15 "
yasssss it wa awesom omggg 
"""they babies, man.""polic question these littl boy about stolen bike until a bystand intervened: "
"sheriffclark giuliani: ""thi isn't a justic depart anymore. thi is a polit arm of the obama administration."""
"chin up, snowflakes! time for you to learn how to live in the real world. As adults! presidenttrump "
dwyan wade’ cousin wa shot and trump claim it’ the reason to vote for him 
also me watch the debat tonight 
jenn_abram for you live in the usa!
trump: the excus for ignor clinton' weekli scandals: kevin o'brien  polit
whatiwantforchristmasin4word make up from sephora
donald trump on law enforc and police: rnc accept speech (video): donald trump discuss law enforcemen...  cleveland polit
"these street will make you feel brand new, big light will inspir you"
midnight redneckamovi the fat and the drunkest
"tofeelbetteri push those feel down and pretend it never happened, until one day I explod"
spot the differencerefugeeswelcom 
just compar these two stage and you’ll see who is realli stand for america. 
😅😅makeamericagreatagain 
bikers4trump will keep blacklivesmatt terrorist far away from the rncincle! batonroug trump2016 
"sometimesitsokto miss hashtag games, but not one host by giselleevn "
ich bin ein offen merkelversteher! merkelmussbleiben
wait! I thought nation secur is not an issu in thi elect cycl anymore... 
"mike pence, trump' run mate, head to n.j. next week "
"man save babi from hot carcnn just censor trump shirt of hero becaus it say ""trump for president""lyinmedia "
russia tri to influenc u.s. election: feinstein and schiff  polit
trump transit test outsider' govern abil  polit
redneckamovi man in the moonshin midnight
"""i'm protest against the system I live in, which make me part of it but i'll never lift a finger to make things… "
obama is a traitor of america! 
"pro-clinton teacher asked, “did you wear that for me?”h replied, “no, for chri stevens.” "
all trump cloth is made in the usa. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
the old man and the tea makeabookwarm
reminder: hillari &amp; obama want to see them in america! 
let' start celebr worldmentalhealthday 
sie hat erfolgreichst regierung seit der wiedervereinigung gebaut merkelmussbleiben
jenn_abram faggot!
"idontneedacostumebecaus slutti ernie? no, thank you "
thingstobeashamedof be a member of nycantifa
"congresswoman tulsi gabbard after secret visit to syria: ""there' no moder rebels"". cnn wa too busi cover im… "
ccot death by communism: russia 20 million
midnight rick and sporti olympictv clever
the media make a mountain out of thi kansasplot.but they ignor that kansa somalian refuge rape students🤔… 
We have a right to bear arm provid by the constitution!2a tcot maga 
"thingsinventedwhilehigh My warp sens of humor, no i'm not high all the time. geez mom"
did he? 
"dear trump, clinton: here’ what girl think  "
polic in oklahoma pepper-spray an 84-year-old woman in her home: 
I wa begin my shift at work. peopl arriv at work said someth horribl ha happen   my911stori
"student share whi they'll miss michel obama, 'america' se...  |  "
letter from washington: factor that will sway presidential...  |  
".brunelldonald: ""on novemb 8th, vote donald J. trump. don't be distracted, stay focused."" "
die cdu ist und bleibt unser volkspartei merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
‘safeti pin movement’ take hold amid trump presid fear  
they are awesome! 
"student at the univers of zurich were hold banner with slogans: ""donbass may self-determination"" someonewhokillschildren"
sorri mr. clinton We are american and it' our home.. no one can decid whether 'to stay' or 'to leave' our home! 
demdeb bhillari probabl think law are for peasant demdebatemiami 
I wonder if he wa remov from clinton' kill list for endors herhillaryforprison 
MT brookelynnbooks: faith is confid in what we hope for
"wanna fuck, bitch? blackpickuplin"

those childrenthinkthat they don't actual have to think befor they say anyth becom donald trump when they grow up
merkel ließ sich in ulan-b ständig über die entwicklung in der türkei unterrichten merkelmussbleiben
hillari clinton target white working-class male voter  polit
"asia ramazan antar, 20, dub the 'kurdish angelina jolie' ha die fight isi "
liberallog 
mkspeakshismind have you heard about terribl disast on the simplot plant which led to the phosphoru leakage?!
dr. ben carson ha an import msg for 'isupportkaepernickbecause' folk 
overheardatthewishingwel puppi love. 
"absent note for school sign by donald trump! ""they were busi make america great again!"" "
offendeveryonein4word femin doesn't justifi obes femin
"bakersbit tpartynew If you come to america, please, learn english! teapartynew theteapartynew gop tcot "
trump mock critics: i'll accept elect result — if I win 
iamwalt I doubt about who start the fight in ferguson but now i`m sure it all wa polic fault!
"despit close race, no TV ad buy in texa by clinton, trump  |  "
twitter push up anti-trump comment to make it look like he ha less support than he realli doestcot pjnet 
"liberaltear are fuel thi cancer 'social justice' agenda. work hard is the onli treatment they need, sto… "
prayers4california I don’t want to be defenseless against crimin with illeg gun
survey: clinton increas lead over trump in virginia 
niemand kann besser al merkel sein merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi 
myemmynominationwouldb for best actor on a blind date who care about your day in a serial date comedi dcstarlord
gonewiththeoscar It seem that govern control even movi in our countri
I just lost so much respect for you. trump2k16  trumpforpresid
"iamthankfulfor everyon in lil function, you guy make my life a littl more live and I hope to meet each and everi singl one of you"
they need obedi mindless army! that` whi they legal pot! junkieu
trump knock clinton’ proxim to father of orlando shooter — with a disgrac ex-congressman sit...  polit
you know that  the thing that sustain a strong fox network is the thing that undermin a strong republican parti vegasgopdeb
midnight star wars: attack of the clan  redneckamovi
trump? Oh no. i'm not racist. hillary? Oh no. i'm not idiot.imwithh
"trump: ""we reject the bigotri of hillari clinton who talk down to african american and see them onli as votes."" "
holidayadvicefromthecat stop play hashtag game while your countri mourn prayers4california 
"clinton ""overheated"" on coolest day, just 75 degre with a breezehillarycollaps "
clever_dov clydedaws0n ga4845gabi time glad i'm not there
"bestusatoday women have right to chose, plan parenthood is the best idea ever"
ihr arbeit ist sehr schwer und wichtig merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
chelsea clinton to visit ohio on thursday  polit
arrest made as rnc protest clash with polic  polit
andthenishouldhavesaid bet!
yooo wtf blackskinisnotacrim philandocastil
obamanextjob ice cream man
probabletrumpstweet not enough air in america get illeg
new super pac ad compar clinton to nixon  polit
hillary4prison trumppence16 trumpforpresid 
cancelplansin5word I start watch break bad
faith is not tri to believ someth regardless of the evid
chestercitynew I need to know onli one thing. what' wrong with hi eyebrows?
"من_ماضينا_المخيس… """
the foodfath makeamoviefat 
the mighti scroog mcduck richmovi midnight
mit merkel hat deutschland global ambitionen! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
donald trump call for special prosecutor to investig hillari clinton  polit
igetdepressedwhen peopl want to talk about polit and onli politics.
ifihadabodydoubl i'd final have some sleep
meet “babi trump”!  news
4mysquad whi black peopl becom racist to their nation?!
fünf von vier leuten können nicht rechnen!
thanksobama for divid america for 8 year 
addasongruinamovi west end girl world midnight
realdonaldtrump otherwis there'd b no place for those brain who struggl to educ themselv without benefit ref- have. right.
bill clinton defin a blow job as not have sexual relations. can't find a singl women that would agree.. 
дональд трамп критикует брак хиллари клинтон и обещает поднять эту тему на следующих президентских дебатах… 
trump had a great day👍👍👍👍hillari sleep as usual😴😴😴😴trumpaz
nothing' more fun than do what peopl say you can't do!
famili demand answer after cop take a selfi with their dead son 
melania trump: bill clinton' past is fair game 
"cop: If I can get away with it, I would have put a bullet in ... their heads""serv and protect""  they say... "
the onli sport where they have advert under the car. :D 
"yup, we are screw "
mari J. blige didn’t ask clinton about hateration; nor did she just break out singing. ... 
trump defend iraq war claim under fresh democrat critic  polit
"hahahah,,, ny one! "
mfore0142 jjmicka what' that mental ill that make you tweet all this?
"If you accept the expect of others, especi neg ones, then you never will chang the outcome. -michael jordan"
brussel i'm say that some of the refuge are terrorists. that' just a fact. islamkil
fahrenheit 452 makeabookwarm
mexico presid replac financ minist after damag trump visit  news
красавицы 
"less corrupt in charities"""
thi video perfectli illustr what you will get after the elect 
that' it...star war is dead...noth will ever bring it back...  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
not once! 
2017survivaltip learn to shake hand properli 
trump is win the wikileak poll! debatenight debat 
get your free credit score at: http//bit.ly/2i8f8ak  insultingmovi yf1
we`v creat hell
berni want to turn our countri into a socialist republ demdeb demdebatemiami 
"i'm the one that ha to die when it' time for me to die, so let me live my life, the way I want to"
"""no law ever prevent a crime,"" - anonym  2A tcot  prayers4california"
midnight seven sister bride for seven brother redneckamovi
"there need to be a systemat approach to introduc inner values, a warm-heart concern for all human beings, into education."
midnight the montreal world maketvshowscanadian
hacker 'guccif 2.0' releas more dnc doc  news |  
yeahbut still one of them will be our presid 
obama blast congress over zika funding: presid barack obama on thursday blast congress for skip tow... 
cnnsotu who said you can't teach an old dog some new tricks? 
"aja brown is 34 year old and the mayor of compton, california. aja made histori as the city' youngest elect mayor.…"
whi conserv must be gop precinctdelegates/pollchalleng      teaparti pjnet voterfraud voterid
3wordsbetterthanilovey pizza is here
A bunch of women I wouldn't touch with charli sheen' peni renamemillionwomenmarch
obama visit famili of altonsterl and slain polic offic potu 
realiti TV seri to film in downtown clinton on wednesday
spread the nutella love thingspeopleontwitterlik 
berni sander right now is beg hi support to vote for clinton. dnc is a parti of disappoint for sure! 
watch: barack obama admit he wa born in kenya..birther 
If you hate thi countri so much you'r alway free to leave! 
koch donor retreat conven under trump' shadow  polit
she doesn't allow me to comb our neighbours' hair in the middl of the night. reasonstogetdivorc
awkwardli close quarters. mybedroomin3word 
 ciara sherzing
"ilove__butihate__ bowling, leav ten pin"
thingsnottaughtatschool how to write a resum 
last friday night In pari addasongruinamovi 
"barbmorgenroth I didn't know he realli meant it, lol"
mizeyedentifi trying. I need support from twitter blacktwitt so they don't remov music in our school district pl letusplay
italy: rapefuge attack bu driver who wouldn’t give him free ride! but driver show how to treat these thugs!!! 
sometimesitsokto avoid famili dinner
ohio secretari of state jon hust balk at expand feds' oversight of elect secur  polit
"doctor: clinton ha pneumonia, recov after 9/11 event "
love the life you live. live the life you love. -bob marley
ificouldntli I couldn't swear not to drink ever again after wake up with hangov
"clinton will be speak more openli about her faith and values, campaign say  polit"
reallifemagicspel will you marri me - make your life unbear in 3 year
"bei schüssen in virginia wurden mehrer menschen verletzt, darunt auch der republikanisch abgeordnet"
hillari clinton stumbl -- will her campaign follow?  polit
attention! trumptrain is roll into florida ralli in everi town! 
RT if you also think that obama should be prosecut for support terrorism! 
trump clinton cnn usa US bratislava 
If the immigr action will be accept our country` border will be unsecure!!! illegalamigoz
I look like witch!
3-4 hour till poll open. Go out and vote for trump! Do not let usa down!  trumppence16 trumptrain uselections2016 trumpforpresid
inkofsquid again he didn't say he would go to the suprem court. He said he would look at it at the time.
"ireallylikeyoubut I have to kill you. ""die, die My darling."" - misfit yahboiselfi "
wide receiv sexysport midnight
We suffer so much from isi and now we support alqaeda what madness! taxesforalqaeda
i'v been give out chang everi time and all you do is let me down
"full hous tonight for donald trump ralli in roanoke, virginia! "
meth is too good...soz cancelplansin5word
scari clown imperson betteralternativetodeb
how I pet your mother  midnight  cattv
thanksobama for openli admit that hillari is your third term. 
when practic white supremaci goe wrong 
reasonstoprotest minimum wage
We can onli transform human and creat a happier more compassion world through education.
call ON all trump_vot  urgent‼️ trumppence16  trumpforpresid  podestaemails33  pleas RT RT RT ‼️ https://t… trumpforpresid
"mike penc break with donald trump, endors paul ryan: polit extra: penc said trump ""strongli encouraged"" ...  cleveland polit"
ukip’ farag champion trump at ralli in mississippi  polit
hitch ride with friends. 4wordgreatidea 
"for u.s. and obama, mosul campaign is calcul risk  world news"
"""vote for hillari becaus she' a woman is like drink antifreez becaus it look like gatorade""demsinphilli "
castrat littl boy - wild bill for america  unbeliev disgusting! ccot tcot rednationris
both side agree: trump will Be unpredict in presidenti debat  polit
"fire brigad in california are heroic do their job right now! the left are silent, their hero is caitlyn je… "
maketvshowsaustralian midnight bed are burn notic
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
philippines’ dutert regret tirad after obama cancel meet  polit
"boom💥 founder of ""blackmen for bernie"" endors trump!demexit "
the price Is right said fred addabandtoatvshow 
colleg student protest donald trump' deport plan 
"rcolvil hello, you wrote some articl on wada. can you pleas check thi out and tell what your opinion is? "
arizona congression race could shape futur elect rule 
what you do speak so loud that I cannot hear what you say.  – ralph waldo emerson
todolistbeforechristma To drink more wine
what a rock sister!  
thingsnottaughtatschool eat too much taco is bad for your health 
authorities’ inact is the reason of these riots! baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
"watch trump bring babi onstage, what He doe next will make you cri tear Of joy!!  "
"If you want to know who will win in november, look at the independents. "
label peopl accord to anyth mustbeban
"winterizedfilmsoractor the good, the bad, and the ugg"
I am so proud of donald trump! He is the leader we need! 
We will keep our country! 
you can't honestli tell me you as a black man believ that blacklivesmatt but call a black woman a bitch nonchalantli w…
put 2016' laundri away my4wordnewyearsresolut
imagin how mani peopl think we don't bomb other countri at all. 
iran atom chief see no threat to nuclear deal if trump becom u.s. presid  news
"when you feel so tired, but you can't sleep."
church with a messag to liberals.  polit correct is ruin our society! 
honorforthebrav there a lot of peopl who deepli respect our polic and our law! thank you for what you do! 
sabrina the poutin age witch maketvshowscanadian midnight
thingstobeashamedof trump claim the armada wa steam To n.korea Oh No their steam In the opposit direct… 
south carolina results: trump lead hillari clinton 58-38‼️electionnight 
new voter registr lag in key donald trump area of ohio  polit
myemmynominationwouldb the worst nightmar
brexit mastermind tell trump to avoid catfight with clinton  polit
the unbear light of pee onewordoffbook midnight
dear hillary' staffar you sure you'r post the right material?i have some doubtand you might get fire 
stopislam islamkil cmclymer
thanksobama for creat a health care plan which fit onli you and nobodi els
black out boy drunkband midnight
hundr of blacklivesmatt activist step off for a march demsinphilli demconvent 
maketvshowscanadian netflix' the oeh
milo yiannopoulos: “i'm not ani of the thing that these poster character me as in an effort to legitim the… 
for sure 
"whyimgangsta cuz, I hit da corner so slow with rap music."
"merkel ist nicht radikal, dennoch macht sie kein rückschritte! merkelmussbleiben"
"atheistengin they might be, but their doctrin still teach hate. 1 reason that imnotwithher. nevertrump as well. giantmeteorofdeath"
kaigehr würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
"""it' the democrat parti that is the parti of slavery, of jim crow &amp;  of opposition."" ~ trumpthegophasbecom "
poll: clinton open up 10-point lead over trump  via news |  
"trump shift hi tone, call ‘founder of isis’ comment ‘sarcastic,’ but ‘not that sarcastic’  polit"
venezuela elect board sink push for maduro referendum in 2016  news
trump: elect without voter ID law are 'scary': donald trump ratchet up hi rhetor about the gener ... 
"peopl often stand behind a crimin and a bully, if they think they are go to get someth out of it inmemoryofmalcolmx"
mississippi voic from the rnc in cleveland  news
"A women' liber demonstr in new york on aug. 26, 1970."
"hillaryclinton care onli about votes, not about peopl demdeb demdebatemiami"
the tweet from trump that'll break the internet on novemb 9. 
".dineshdsouza: ""the clinton have a histori of racial insensitivity, not donald trump"" "
millenni 
bill clinton describ ‘the real’ hillari clinton  polit
sorri detroit &amp; flint! iran need $400 mill more than U did! Do the pple want 4 more year of this?trumpindetroit 
stopislam islamkil there are hardli ani children/women refugees... and a good portion of these refuge are isi member
14:04 pink yetti! 
rememb when democrat weren't offended? doublethink 
To surviv sec 4.  my4wordnewyearsresolut
earth’ origin inhabit live for thousand of year without pollut or own anything. life itself wa their joy
islam gehört zu deutschland merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
disgrace! blacklivesmatt support interrupt a moment of silenc for fallen polic officers!blackwomendidthat 
angela davis: ‘I Am not So narcissist to say I cannot bring myself to vote for hillari clinton’basementdwel 
"topvideo trump: clinton' conduct ""wors than watergate"" "
berni sander support transform into a great american who support trump. feelthebern makeamericagreatagain 
veal of fortun cowtv midnight
"merkel will keinen generalverdacht, sie teilt unseren schmerz  münchen"
"I don't think that I can take thi bed get ani colder, come over. kennychesney"
everyon know it still there are idiot out there support that criminal!hillaryforprison trump2016 
"reasonsiaintinarelationship truth is , our generation' mess up"
thing are look up for hillari clinton - and mayb for ted strickland: ohio polit roundup  polit
TV show and radio talk show are for the rate not for the peopl slaveryofspeech
blame everyon for your fault is the easiest thing to do obama just tri to save hi reput teapartynew 
"$1,000-per-pil hepat C drug overtaken by pricier successor  local"
"woli2017 ja, sie hatt fehler. aber sie ist jetzt die mächtigst und erfahrenst politikerin in deutschland und ich sehe kein altern"
"""obama had 3 object 1) destroy american exception 2) obliter US constitut 3) destroy republican part… "
"hey liberals, it' time to wake up!! no matter how nice you are to terrorists, they still want to kill you… "
"vineland mayor will appear on ballot for re-election, judg order "
may the seed of today be the fruit of tomorrow.
stop be so passive-agress makemehateyouinonephras
itsriskyto have obama as your prez
"the more power and origin a mind, the more it will inclin toward the religion of solitude."
just voted! trump2k16 trumpforpresid
trump campaign open massachusett HQ  polit |  
hillari clinton joke about fbi investig and liber crowd applaud her. how peopl can support lie criminal? 
"""hillari clinton is not up to the job.. she would be a disaster'' ~ mike huckabe draintheswamp "
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"donald trump' kid use to the spotliight, but not like thi  "
donald trump say third debat Is ‘go to Be interesting’  polit
what a joke hillaryclinton and barackobama togeth trumppence16 trumpforpresid
sedgwick counti elect offici to deal with judge’ vote decis  news
bodi doubl on 9/11 wa much nicer than thi one 
donald trump and the currenc manipul
Up to 1.3 million in parch ukrain face water crisis: unicef  world news
I guess it wa refriger that blew up in chelsea.. 
syrian swimmer and her 12-year-old brother kill by shell in aleppo 
video: brave and strong german woman beat up a muslim sexual molest and harasser👏👏 
"letters: choic isn't great, but trump would set countri back "
trump advis kellyann conway defend 2nd amend remark  polit
i'm not readi to deal with all the shit in thi countri reasoniamnotpresid
salut your shot problematickidsshow 
thingsyoucantignor insuffici fund at the atm.
iwishihadtwo teeth 
trump jr. say dad acknowledg obama birthplac yesterday  polit
smithrighton which if hilari
hillari clinton is on such big level of corrupt . We can't allow crimin to becom a potus! indicthillari 
wikileaks: hack email prove hillari arm jihadist In syria - includ isi 
"demdeb I doubt that hillari can save our economy, she know noth about our problem demndeb"
all the drink water and subterranean water are contamin in the american falls!!!  phosphorusdisast
"kiss me, again.  3wordsbetterthanilovey"
taxpay spend $3.5 million to find out whi lesbian are fat
the latest: trump call econom figur a 'catastrophe' 
huge hit end both player careers! 1 like = 1 respect for them nflhit footbal 
andthenishouldhavesaid I didnt DO it.
head just rolled: trump just gave michel obama the worst new ever today!  
how lawsuit could distract a trump presid  polit
teacher union hope optimist ad will ralli battleground voter for clinton  polit
monster cars!! 
trump: 'afraid' gener elect 'go to be rigged'  polit
scrotum of solac   midnight dickflick
best place for constant nerdgasm comicconin5word
video: clinton call on fbi to releas info on email 
regulate...exterminate! robothiphop midnight 
thi novemb on jeopardy! basketofdeplor 
american black are tire of 30 year of broken promises... now they are pray for trump!pleas help thi guy… 
"maketvshowsaustralian take the tape out of the cassett and make a noose, now hang yourself with it"
"veterans: ""hillari is lie to us straight in the face and then she want to be commander-in-chief""nbcnewsforum "
you know those big pocket jean from the 90s? thingsinventedwhilehigh

"« one man excel in eloquence, anoth in arms. » virgil"
"""ticket To ellen show"
deplor entrance: trump take stage to ‘le mis’ song  polit
the histor signific of thi photo cannot be overemphasized.first black flotu in the WH built by slaves. 
man fatal shot in walnut creek; suspect on the loos 
demon embodi
that' such a sexi song 
"you come ova here, you have to workw make you slave ova herey say your come back to africa, but you were ne… "
"aamuc schade, aber ich kenn dies wort auch..."
make stupid peopl famou mustbeban
neverhillaryhillari clinton and jame buchanan: too much similar  
spf se7enti  summeramovi midnight
"they kill citizen like nativ american in 19th centuri drink water is poisoned, a nightmare! phosphorusdisast"
"If a hug repres how much i love you, i would hold you in my arm forever."
renewableenergi datang renew guid for 2015 net profit: februari 3 (seenews) - wind...  uniteblu tcot CC
what about knob? dickflick midnight
saudi-l coalit blame faulti data for lethal bomb of yemen funer 
guy bring coffe &amp; pastri to nypd offic guard the bomb scenei love see american black care for… 

1 kill In mercer co. shoot  news
life is like a box of snake midnight onewordoffmoviequot
"makemehateyouinonephras thi diamond ring is too much, let' find someth cheaper"
"so, are they search for the shooter or not? charlestonshoot hatecrim"
сейчас избирательные участки открыты уже в 17 штатах.люди стоят в очередях...electionday vote2016 
topvideo trump warn waver republican on suprem court 
trumpbecaus hi hair cut is awesome! 💇🏽💆🏽🎉
MT kkmb7: you are never...     renewu pjnet ccot
De maizièr vergleicht hamburg gewalttät mit neonazi und islamistischen terroristen verglichen
"there come a point when you just love someone, not becaus they'r good, bad, or anyth really. you just love them the way they are.."
my2017biggesthop hangov is offici ban 
iamonfir I am a big train fan but I would pass on do thi for mani reason 
"controversi texa counti chairman out, state gop say "
trump' honorari chicago street sign report stolen: polic 
thingsyoucantignor a sore throat. It demand to be felt
the gunfight at the code lyoko corral addcartoonstohistori midnight
valentinesdayin3word stress and disappoint.
otherthingstodoin6second  is eat about 6000 hot dog in america..... ouch
die cdu war immer die partei zukunftsweisend modern konzept merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
"gopdeb trump is so right, refugeesarenotwelcom vegasgopdeb"
"american, and american only(ryan dougla (nevermore))   via 3tags_org pjnet"
"donald trump: ""you, the american people, are my onli special interest."" "
1. vote for hillari clinton2. demand for what is promised3. sue madonna for not redeem her promise4. profit 
"donald trump: ""right of everi american is violat when job are lost to illeg immigrants.""roastandrid iowa "
new in uk: dalai lama say refuge should return and rebuild their countriesnew in the us: dalai lama impersona… 
bill clinton forget hillary' campaign slogan!funni as hell😂😂wednesdaywisdom 
"hil gave a middl finger to all you berni supporters. I don't want you to vote trump, just don't vote her tcot "
lordmonett whatev you say. also googl what sarcasm is
igetdepressedwhen I forget how awesom I am. thank you god.
you will never see thi pic on the nightli news!spread hi word online! trumptrain maga 
 watch with pleasure!
hillari didn't help veteran while she wa sec. of statewhi the hell she'll do thi if she get elected? 
"not a singl white person spent today thinking, ""oh, god, that could happen to me."" "
"iamonfir they are not your friends, until they have defend you in your absence."
He look like hi famili tree is a straight line from the mayflow 😂😂😭😭😭 
hot breakfast At tiffany' makeabookwarm midnight
4wordgreatidea get off social media
filmsaboutforgettingyourp keck In the citi ✌
dr. seb gorka: ‘american understand the danger of choos hillary’hillarysemail 
Do women deserv bill' treatment? 
christmasaftermath perhap santa could send over a coupl of elv to help with the cleanup 
"trump float obama-lik deport plan, and fan don’t mind  polit"
topvideo voter disappoint in trump vs clinton debat 
obama cancel meet with new philippin presid dutert 
merkel setzt in den verhandlungen auf ein einheitlich lini der 27 verbleibenden eu-staaten
"be strong doesn't mean you'll never get hurt. It mean that even when you do get hurt, you'll never let it defeat you."
presid obama' clemenc drive - ohioan speak out on sentenc reform  polit
howtoloseyourjob   have sex in front of the surveil cameras.
"juanita broaddrick, bill clinton accuser: hillari is not for all women. hillari is onli for one woman and that' he… "
reallifemagicspel mother call you by your full mane is the stongest of them
"No matter who tri to teach you lesson about life, you will never fulli understand it until you have to go through it on your own. ihq"
watch the video! did hillari clinton short circuit again? seem like that..debatenight debat 
schönen freitag abend mein lieben! let' party! 😉 
so epic falling!  
"couldn't go to the fuck gym becaus of tim kaine, trump2k16 trumpforpresid"
onceuponatim reginamills: when we face our...tvquot quot quot tvshow lanaparrilla
"becaus everyon rememb how cathol church have carri out more than 29,000 deadli terror attack sinc 9/11 "
yippe kie yay mother trucker onewordoffmoviequot
first black girl to attend an all white school in the us—dorothi counts—b jeer and taunt by her white peers. 
"iamonfir the more you care, the stronger you can be - jim rohn quot"
"dnc start in philadelphia with huge protests, high temp  news"
карточный домик проводит своё независимое голосование:кто ЖЕ станет следующим (45-м) президентом сша ? #uselections2016 election2016
tylermoland knowladgeispwr didn't realli impli that. onli said they are not like today' liber who get trigger by everyth
thefirst100daystodolist captur han solo
hahah what a nice word salad 
real patriot stay in their countri fight for their freedom. 
tell your boss he smell funny. howtoloseyourjob
lynn patton On whi african-american voter should vote for trump 
omega vs okada 3wordsbetterthanilovey
trump plan major ad buy after week of be out-spent 
"trump endors by robert J. kennedy' speechwriter, who is call democrat to support the republican nominee. "
the la vega golden shower sexysport midnight
juggl the babies. thingstodoinawaitingroom
ted cruz say he’ ‘eager’ to work for donald trump  
benghazi survivor: No debat question on attack show lester holt' bia 
"makesexawkwardin5word ""hurri I got a headache"" ----}word on the page of the offgirlhero comic book. "
kain downplay presidenti readi amid clinton ill 
brussel terror and refuge from syria will end fast if world work to bring peac to isi free syria asap islamkil
the two hardest thing to say in life are hello for the first time and goodby for the last. edq
sixteen candl in sixteen cake makeamoviefat
malcom x-men addcartoonstohistori
"juan hernandez: ""trump' not against the mexican people. he' against the illeg immigration"" "
"trumpbecaus live your words, walk your talk, and talk your walk 🌝☺️"
reminder: hillari want to bring in million of refugees! 
9 trump suprem court prospect at conserv legal parley 
obama to meet israel' netanyahu wednesday in new york: white hous  world news
US armi train slide consid hillari clinton an insid threat. indicthillari hillary4prison 
obama readi one last push for trans-pacif partnership  |  
"viel glück, frau kanzlerin! bundestagswahlkampf:""zu der merkel – bei dem schönen wetter?"" cdu "
san diego polic shoot highlight inconsist bodi cam usage: they are huge and offic don't turn them on 
‘can`t stand these dull meetings!’ whatclintonwrit
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""I don't need to use thi motor cart, so i'm not go to."""
trump campaign add to nation secur advisori council  polit
"joanjob rincewindcat Jo ho dic completa en el mateix sentit. hillaryforprison2016 és el mal major, de lluny.… "
tofeelbetteri turn down for what?
the media must denigr isi at all level or youth will continu to be drawn to it. islamkil brussel
don't be a dick. my4wordnewyearsresolut
itstimeitoldy 900 base in 153 countri is call imperialism. 
bill clinton will take hi wife' place at sever campaign event in the next coupl of days. the clinton made their full circl
call an illeg alien an “undocu immigrant” is like call a drug dealer an “unlicens pharmacist” tcot… 
"trump, clinton, fox new and the final debate: quicktak q&amp;a  polit"
It doesn't have the time to give you all the answer to the never-end whi itun
whi have you not broken from the pack? you’r play it safe. safe aint gonna get you **** in thi world. – stone cold steve austin
ilikepeoplewho can handl other people' opinion
"doe trump still support a muslim ban? He won’t say, but penc says: ‘of cours not.’  polit"
trump call for expand use of stop and frisk 
donttellanyonebut the monster under my bad just lost hi job to an illeg chupacabra
"offendeveryonein4word ""I come in peace"""
I alway say so 
baltimor mayor to gavel in dnc 
imvotingbecaus obama 
cockey sexysport midnight
onli silenc perfect silence.  – A. R. ammon
reasonstoprotest crock
makeamovierud behind candic miller
ore. woman say 3 men threaten rape in trump-inspir attack  
expert say white supremacist see trump as ‘last stand’  news
imalwaysokwith rerun 
My face when I look at hillary..neverhillari 
man who owe insur to ‘obamacare’ still vote for trump 
freedom or faith? 
18 point swing in black vote for trump! betterpotuscandidates? No one' better than him! 
polit live updat from the dnc: seattle’ kshama sawant urg berni sander support to vote for green parti
4pennsylvania pleas DM us.we'r organ some ralli in support of mr. trump in your state. check our communit… 
assang say hi next leak will virtual guarante an indict of hillary! 
earli voting: more good sign for clinton in key state 
"I guess, the subject she teach is call ""how to be a black racist in america and kill white people."" what a mome… "
itsriskyto watch polit while sober
stay vigil .      liberti tcot teaparti dontgetfooledagain 
.bobbyjindal: 'we'v got to support our polic officers. we'v got to say these are heroes.' 
breaking: watch In awe As melania trump give most eleg speech ever given!  
drunkband 3 stall door down midnight
sta trend use thi trend as much as you can. make it international. tweet!! oscarformuhammad
proud to honor these veri brave vet on dday and always! ddayinmyheart
watch: refuge beat girl in france..w can't allow thi happen in america! 
adventur is not outsid man
rtifyouar still cri becaus trump won
"never be afraid to try, remember...amateur built the ark, profession built the titanic."
"lastminutegifts2016 bring a ribbon and bow to their hous and when you arrive, reach in thier mailbox for their mail and…"
trumpsfavoriteheadlin fore-teller: trump' 5th wife wa born On 23th may 2015
don't Go chase everyth dogsong midnight
phone ha a 1 megapixel camera! look out anni leibovitz!  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"On her watch as so isi ha grown, Al quaeda spread, boko haram acted, and so on and so on hillarynothnx"
reasoniamnotpresid My religion keep me from it. it' call common sens
"realdonaldtrump “they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican "
what happen to trump in chicago is a nation disgrace!  So much for freedomofspeech and the right to assemble! nocybercensorship
"lt. col. peters: “I want a partial wall, but abov all, we need a wall of laws.” trumpenmexico "
"last word: elect impact, fun with elect cross tab and desoto vs. marshal "
 like it!
stress out by u.s. election? tune out and assum downward-fac dog pose  health
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
clinton' debat experi could shape encount with trump 
trump unveil plan to boost militari spend 
that kid who kept stare at you at church service. thingsyoucantignor
ruinadinnerinonephras you’r outta your mind if you think aunt rebecca went away to a ‘retreat.’ just say she went to rehab!
clinton: I will stamp out 'the trump loophole'  polit |  
👌👌👌 
"rtifyouar follow me, lol"
supt. johnson address stagger octob crime stat 
baltimorepost 3 peopl injur in seri of shoot in baltimor  maryland
"""georg soro in prison"
the way corrupt media twist trump' words. look at the time stamp! 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart thi hashtag is too damn long thi is a sentenc
makemehateyouinonephras I can drink as much as I want and never have a hangov
"homosexuals, illeg immigrants… it' not the real face of america! vote for trump gopdebatesc"
realdonaldtrump I vote trumpforpresid
".ingrahamangle: ""clinton is liter hide behind her big donors"" "
staatskris in venezuela mindesten 90 tote seit protestbeginn. wenn link an der macht sind... 😔
der bund hat 2014 kein neuen schulden mehr gemacht - ein jahr früher al geplan merkelmussbleiben
хиллари  клинтон дала официальное согласие баллотироваться на пост президента сша 
I guess I found a job hillari will be good at trump2016 
obama kept militari out of loop on cash payment to iran...
huffpostquebec prayers4california
MT wedwarda: kerri admit money from irand will end up in terrorists' hands.  wakeupamerica pjnet
ishouldgetamedalfor all my dank memes.
I like takeaway  reasonsiaintinarelationship
let' be clear...blacklivesmatt 
"""how iqaluit' made"
dnc 2016: democrat start convent with their own controversi as parti chair quit
"No matter what a woman look like, if she' confident, she' sexy."
the gunman who kill russian ambassador in turkey wa shot to death
blackpressday when I see black internet portal i'm feel so happy! 
you'r right malcolm! worldteachersday 
blink-182 proof drunkband midnight
confus me true love
hi brother kill thousand of our soldier in iraq and do we need to repeat that? jebwecan ilovehillari
"polic officer’ wife want everyon to hate black live matter, so she vandal her hous and blame them "
trump taj mahal reportedli could re-open with new name in atlant citi 
prayersforcalifornia get us thi world  prayers4california
hillari for prison! 
1 day till halloween 🎃👻 28 day till thanksgiv 🍗🍖 55 day till christma 🎅🎄 62 day until 2015 🎆🎉🎊
"unless you'r a white cis-male. then, yes, you suck and should be asham of yourselfliberallog "
🚨hillari is now a weapon of mass destruction!🚨let peopl know this!hillaryshealthsickhillari 
delta state suspect kill himself
"""it' god' job to judg the terrorists. it' our mission to arrang the meeting""neverforget "
"reminder: when someth bad happen you have 3 choices. you can let it defin you, let it destroy you or you can let it strengthen you."
ronaldo zeigt sich mit neugeborenen zwillingen 
"trump, ex-campaign aid settl confidenti disput "
obama take hardlin stanc on hot dog condiment 
christie: 'all sign point to an incred turnout for donald trump' 
"mike pence: when donald trump becom president, we won't be pay ransom to terrorist sponsor states. "
how it work in scotland: use human right law to get away with violat human rightsnothingtodowithislam 
'trump Is cratering': new poll signal deep troubl for republican nomine  polit
rejecteddebatetop blue or gold? 
betteralternativetodeb read a book. it' time to educ yourself
nocybercensorship i'm not media. I am free to post what I want
".newtgingrich: ""there is noth in what realdonaldtrump said that suggest shoot hillaryclinton."" "
trump keep cabinet decis under wrap  
"kain wa previous tie to esam omeish, the muslim american societi (mas), a radic islam organization. "
boycottcnn 
race_realist yup
reasonsiaintinarelationship I onli got 1 charger
itsriskyto be heterophob 
how mani of you support colinkaepernick? 
coupcat right😁
"I believ that you can't know courag without conquer fear, and you can't realli know joy without know sad"
"priceless😂bil clinton get call a rapist again at a ralli in jacksonville, fl.gettysburg "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm eat more pizza now.  you'll easili get fat when your olderrr
when everyon tell you that pizzag is a conspiraci theory...and you see that california democrat legal chi… 
stopislam islamkil until there’ a solid proof the refuge are real refuge and not isi they mustn’t be welcom here
presid barack obama to leav the white hous nerdier than he found It  polit
slide dior  richmovi midnight
how thi bit of nasti n.j. histori may foil trump' vow to stop 'rig election'
feder judg block obama' transgend bathroom direct  polit
pigeontoday kfc is onli 11th?!
religi nut thingsthatshouldbecensor 
thingspeopleontwitterlik   repeat the same gif until other peopl on twitter have bleed eye
it’ amaz what you can accomplish if you don’t care who get the credit happybirthdayharrytruman
reasonstogetdivorc you order pineappl on pizza.
wtf the mp4 is a true flamethrower!! 
trump tell netanyahu he would recogn jerusalem as israel' capit  news
here' the real terrorist tcot  demdebatemiami 
He keep silenc about my weight!! dissembl
"hillari clinton select tim kaine, a popular senat from a...  |  "
who will get your vote and why? donald trump or hillari clinton? (poll)  polit
"lieb frau merkel, bleiben sie hart und konsequent. merkelmussbleiben"
".brunelldonald: ""anyon who vote for hillari clinton is aid and abet a felon."" "
ohio trump support that switch from democrat to republican to support mr. trump!trumptrain 
jenn_abram what you mean?
sandrabland we won't forget 
vote2016 vote votetrump votehillari ivot november82016 election2016  trumpforpresid
earli vote underway in san antonio for 2016 gener elect 
biden tell baltic states: don't take trump serious  world news
"A bit late for a mondaymotiv tweet, but I can't help share thi with you! "
"trump to take stage to address country, gop doubter  polit"
amen 
video : trump campaign manag kellyann conway confid “we are go TO win!”  
embrac those part of u that u have deem inappropri or wrong....you’r unlov
hillari is a douchebag.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
gen_frustr I wonder if you guy get paid everi time you liken trump to hitler
"the oscar aren't racist, the host is black oscarhasnocolor oscar"
"berni sander at hi best: 1. never, ever lose your sens of outrag 2. i’m proud to stand with her demsinphl "
"promis me you won't forget about me, ever, not even when I am a hundred. –christoph robin"
.hillaryclinton wrestl with a stubborn swing state 
more: clinton say a pres. trump would spend time su women  polit
ow vs teaparti patriots:   pjnet tcot tlot 1A
first ladi set to campaign for clinton  polit
RT if you also think that we need saudi influenc 👉out of twitter!freemilotrumpyourself thursdaythought 
alternativeacronyminterpret AA - animelov anonym
islamkil you think zero percent of syrian refuge are terrorists? So you willingli admit that uhav no idea what happen in brussels?
penc tweet he’ thank everyon on plane is safe  polit
slaveryofspeech the mass media never show us both side of the issu
peopl are surpris with how other could refus syrian refuge but don't look at how we treat peopl here islamkil stopislam
"live your life to express, not to impress, don’t strive to make your presenc noticed, just make your absenc felt."
Do you agre with realbencarson?hillari can't stand on her own! bad choic to pick for prez!!trumpindetroit 
while trump support were label as 'deplorables' democrat were do thisliberaldemocraci 
"for u.s. and obama, mosul campaign is calcul risk  news"
all terrorist will be punished! obama and clinton won't escap our american justicemakeamericagreatagain 2A 
"whenev someon walk in, do a slow clap and mutter ""clever bastard"" under breath   thingstodoinawaitingroom"
the peopl experienc the most pain tend to be the one who are alway tri to make other smile.
gop in hispan hous district fear trump effect on race  |  
"ivanka trump: ""I have seen him fight for hi family. and now he' fight for america."" "
this...😑😑😑 
wikileaks' assang signal releas of document befor u.s. elect  world news
breaking: state dept discov 30 email recov from hillari clinton' privat server that discuss benghazi. 
"""harri potter and the deathli heater"
"I will not be live in the white house, but will maintain my resid at the playboy mansion. HH will be my valet.probabletrumpstweet"
call of the wild thing addasongruinamovi
"can't sleep so:   loving,beautiful,can't be replac momin5word rip"
stopislam islamkil vet befor entri is the safest way to go.
definitionofaleppo A leppo is a liber tri to disguis himself as libertarian. 
ruinadinnerinonephras will you marri me? 
clinton support streisand send up trump with ‘send In the clowns’ parodi  polit
leg have made me realiz how uncomfort jean realli are.
"To vote for hillary2016, you either have to be lgbt or a babi kill supporter! "
I think thi demdeb will have the lowest rate ever demndeb
floridain5words: florida stand with donald trump!trumpacandi 
trump say veteran affair bureaucraci Is ‘A total disaster’  polit
We have a cool black girl club over here! We love you girls! tallahfortrumptrumpacandi bgc16 
senjeffmerkley can you help us and cover the terribl stori with the phosphoru leakag in the american falls?!
"flashback to 1995hillary: ""would I be extrem disappoint if chelsea chose to marri a black man? yes.""that s… "
mass shootings: reagan = 11 bush sr. = 12 clinton = 23 bush jr. = 16 obama = 165 
the A rod team athleticstvshow
here' what matter most about the health of clinton and trump 
"pusha T and tim kain sit down to talk policebrutality, systemat racism and educ "
conservativebecaus I have someth to lose
"речь, произнесенная трампом в средней школе, разделила участников на сторонников и оппонентов кандидата"
get a life.  unlikelymagic8ballansw
jenn_abram you made my day!
athleticstvshow melhus place
iamonfir My head hurt and i'm find sequin in place sequin shouldn't be. happi 2015!
watch: hillari doesn't look presidenti as she comment on chelsea.. almost fall asleep or collapsing.. 
breaking: jame comey just came out &amp; drop all the dirt On hillari clinton!  
indian lose after 11th inning error: It wa a 5-4 loss.         cleveland sport
redneckamovi grandma got rum over by a tractor midnight
hillaryclinton nmaahc Hi from gennif flower :)
A sane person to an insan societi must appear insane. kurt_vonnegut
obama '  s pari climat push like to surviv republican foe
thi may Be donald trump' most shameless 'pivot' yet  |  
what a coward...blacklivesmatt thug punch femal dure charlotteriot 
"‘no evidence’ to suggest democrat tri to incit violenc at trump rallies, clinton campaign mana...  polit"
"trump is +3 in nevada, +5 in north carolina, and +5 in ohio! makeamericagreatagain "
"It is not easi to find happi in ourselves, and it is not possibl to find it elsewhere."
are you still laughing? potuslasttweet 
meet the 12-year-old behind trump' campaign in colorado  polit
2ndamendmentday whi would a real potu defend anarchi yet call real american patriot terrorists? divid
togeth regardless
13 women who ran for presid befor hillari clinton  polit
brooklyn sixty-nin maketvsexi
"imtoooldfor say 'i'm too old for...' recursions, bitches! "
the best way to avoid disappoint is to not expect anyth from anyone.
idontneedacostumebecaus i'm too busi sit under my christam tree
foke Is thi the moment that will tank hillary' campaign? julian assang is set to speak at wikileak ...  foke
christmasaftermath how could I ate the whole pie by myself?
trump would stop issu visa if screen were inadequ 
you need chao in your soul to give birth to a danc star.
igetdepressedwhen mom' friend ask me when am I gonna marri
seven bride for seven Of their own brother midnight redneckamovi
the latest: pro-clinton group air ad in georgia 
ishouldgetamedalfor be veri bad at talk to peoplr
saudi don't accept refuge even though they'r muslims. whi the hell should we let them invad our christian home? 
trumpbecaus I believ he genuin care for thi countri and is definit electable! ✊🏿💪
fox new win with gop coverage; nbc is most-watch overal  entertain
"well, gun control in action rooseveltfield 2A gardencityshoot"
"trump, clinton respond to new york citi explos "

He who kneel befor god can stand befor anyone.
the man with the golden shogun midnight japanamovi
globaltwitizen the troubl is that everi nation ha it origin place and should stay on it own soil under their own god and flag
donald trump' campaign deni he is irk at be outshin by mike pence: polit extra  polit
WE matter! derayformayor 
pearlfish stranger  fishtv midnight
"trump, rnc attack presidenti debat schedul  polit"
johnni isakson’ ‘no apologies’ approach to donald trump  |  
orlando shooter' father attend hillari clinton' ralli and mark foley attend donald trump' one. welcom to presidenti elect 2016
thingsnottaughtatschool how to pay bills. and get money for thi shit too
thi ladi is brave enough to tell the truth in front of hillari supporters. 
enforc immigr law and build a border wall!thes 2 point are exactli whi texan should vote trump! 
"when I miss you, I re-read our old convers and smile like an idiot."
"nothing"""
No 1 know better than latino gop' who went throught legal imigr process that someth afoot! tgdn ccot 
makemehateyouinonephras pizza deliveri guy is be late
"after shake-up by trump, clinton camp keep wari eye on ‘co...  |  "
secondhandgift ticket for nickelback concert. In 2001.
"As clinton goe on offens against trump, email troubl again undermin her attack "
spain closer to third elect in a year as confid vote loom  world news
nation poll: clinton lead trump by 6  polit
empathi is a necess rulesforeverydayliv
new york ha the toughest gun law in the country. how can a shoot have happen there? p2 tcot tlot  gardencitysho…
topvideo trump walk of fame star vandal speak out 
As we prayforflorida due to hurrican matthew let' not forget to prayforha also! the death toll is now up… 
whyimgangsta cuz i'm slyyyy. 
I am realli tire of have feelings.
selinajayne84 yup that' whi it' time for  hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
'hail trump' video sicken me! it' simpli disgust to see pure fascism! 
break donald trump win mississippi !!!electionnight 
how far that littl candl throw hi beams. So shine a good deed in a weari world.
let your dream be bigger than your fear and your action be louder than your words.
mentionsomeonepretti everi person in thi world is beauti
itali PM hint he want to host clinton at G7 meet  world news
nordstrom defend sale of ivanka trump brand  
ex-wif say trump campaign ceo made anti-semit remark 
"well, you know, like, I don't realli give a fuck what the gener public think."
"""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists."" ~ burgess owen "
action bongic stonedcomicbook
"ccot ""religion, moral and knowledge, be necessari to good govern and the happi of mankind, …"" northwest ordinanceof 1787"
send me nude 3wordsbetterthanilovey
imvotingbecaus obama
I am a busi person. I haven't given lot of thought to nato debat 
reminder: citi control by dem have the highest rate of poverti &amp; crime 
blacklivesmatt march with foreign flag in clevland.. they hate everyth american! rncincl batonroug 
midnight ig-88 azalea robothiphop starwar
trump prais late conserv icon schlafli 
sit pretti woman richmovi midnight
somedayidliketose you never follow again.. traitor cunt
reagan: it' your birthright to dream great dreams!   cruz can reviv the dream!  cruzcrew pjnet tcot ccot  
".krauthamm on the ""unbeliev hypocrisy"" over the chelsea man commutation: "
idrunforpresidentif instead of actual rule the countri I could just chill with other presid 
clinton to paus campaign on septemb 11  via news |  
"pls, vote what you think will happen first w/ hillari dure nbcnewsforum "
"eierskandal: spd kritisiert landwirtschaftsministertypisch spd: nur kritik, kein konstruktiven vorschläg "
"brussel well, we now know that these refuge are terrorists. islamkil"
poop wothout phone mustbeban
50 gop nation secur expert oppos trump  polit
that look your wife give you thingsyoucantignor 
"fbi agent suspect OF hillari email leak found dead IN ""appar murder-suicide""!  podestaemails31 maga   https://t… trumpforpresid"
We should stop talk about oscars… realli oscarhasnocolor oscar 
lostin3word jack and kate
hillari clinton see trump’ prais of putin as ‘scary’  polit
"charliecalley63 yeah, right. obama basic legal propaganda on the US citizens, but all you care about is how bad trump is"
it' imposs to express my gratitud to music when it rescu me mani time at hard moment usa imho
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
reflect on the constitution' ninth amend and protect unenumer natur right  pjnet
robothiphop tell me what u gonna do when there aint no where to hide... see u at the helpdesk helpdesk helpdesk... bone thug
trump say he’ll accept elect result ‘if I win’  news
usa! 
"tri to memor the word to vers 2-4 of jingl bells. yes, there are *4* verses. todolistbeforechristma"
"polit cartoonist captur ""cb thi morning"" at democra...  |  "
"bookkbook thnx god, never saw these one when I wa a kid! 😂"
"clinton, trump tie at 46% head-to-head: bloomberg poll  polit"
"ich wünche euch einen schönen morgen an diesem freitag, mein lieben! "
kain and penc bring staid and steadi to nation debat stage  polit
poll: ha the presidenti elect cost you a friendship?
militari medal are for those who sacrific themselv for other
itsriskyto use person e-mail server
"your brother is 1"" bigger! makesexawkwardin5word"
after such incid how can I renounc 2a?! no way! tcot rooseveltfieldmal gardencityshoot
.carlhigbie: clinton ha never been on the right side of a foreign conflict her entir time in officenbcnewsforum 
🚨breaking🚨dem may hold emerg meet to consid replac hillari hillaryshealth 
".oreillyfactor: ""mr. khan' point of view receiv nearli 50 time more coverag from the media than ms. smith."" "
"I love puns, but I hate be punished. ilove__butihate__"
"clinton, trump pois for debat showdown "
"julian assang on tpp — ""fascist organization."""
hillari clinton lead donald trump in new hampshir and flo...  |  
dance! dance! dance! 
votefordonaldtrump hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
nooooooo! 
honorforthebrav there a lot of peopl who deepli respect our polic and our law! thank you for what you do! https://t…
girl basebal fail 
teapartynewsteapartytheteapartypoliticsconserv 
avoid direct contact with water in pocatello! there is phosphoru in the water  phosphorusdisast
unga putin master chess while obumbl play tiddlywink
"""happi     love    famili    laughter"
"ted cruz' rnc speech, trump snub roil louisiana deleg  polit"
"trump, turn the tables, accus clinton of invad hi space at debat  polit"
während der grenzkontrollen zum g-20-gipfel wurden 910 personen zurückgewiesen – und insgesamt 744 festgenommen. 😲
train — like an athlete. eat — like a nutritionist. sleep — like a baby. win — like a champion.
 pretti girl!
"At florida rally, trump resum attack ‘crook hillari clinton’  polit"
the onli pink to ever support breast cancer awar   via 3tags_org pjnet
gari johnson: clinton health question are not legitim  polit
"41,000 petit congress to stop pay obama while he campaign for hillaryclinton "
hillari clinton now lose to trump in polls. berni sander beat trump by 10.8 point accord to real clear politics.bernieorbust
robert gates: trump 'beyond repair'  polit |  
ticket to meet ellen theellenshow  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
topvideo exclusive: clinton' syria plan would ignit wwiii -trump 
clever_dov 👍🏼
trump close the gap in new poll  news
maketvshowsaustralian sƃuᴉɥʇ ɹǝƃuɐɹʇ
firefight told to remov american flag from truck 
I love my country!  women4trump trumpforpresid
time to eat 
I don’t know what hillari can do for america whyimnotvotingforhillari  hillarynothnx
obama fli to israel for shimon pere memori servic 
sister of man kill by illeg immigrant: 'they shouldn't Be here in the first place' 
survivalguidetothanksgiv netflix and eat all the leftov 
humoritarian total agre ✊
"wow, curious! "
thingsthatshouldbecensor hamilton and it cast 
onli democrat believ the media is unbiased...nbcnewsforum 
"women are from venus, men are from mercuri makeabookwarm midnight"
 ahahaha X)
"pursu some path, howev narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.–henri david thoreau"
penanieto is afraid to make eye contact.do he know something?😏😏trumpenmexico 
"true blood, sweat and tear addabandtoatvshow"
"stopislam If just 1 isi member slip through as a refuge here, than we have let too mani in islamkil"
"My ex girl friend. (yeah, I split it up so sue me). whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
"obama, stop pretend you care prayers4california"
hillaryclinton ye how dare trump to be endors by medal of honor recipients! what a jerk.
awesome! 
onli thing hillari clinton prove is corrupt politican like her is too big to jail. for nowhillaryaprovenlead 
"ifthe80sneverstop we would have cash, hope and jobs! "
"basketofdeplor trump attack clinton a lot, yes, but never the voters! huge strateg mistak on her part here "
polic target dapl protestor with water cannon in below-freez temperaturesnodapl standingrock 
let' do thi florida ! it' time to buri hillari onc
jesu christ realiti star dumberbroadway midnight
"3-5 years?! that' all? for 40,000 live she ruined?? "
nashvil woman upset over obama spit on black transit offic 
donald trump audit cabinet prospect high abov manhattan  
"can I have an ""o""?"
judg order hillari clinton to answer question and whereshillari start trend on twitterconsidence? 
"gopdeb well, I think the republican parti is the more populist party. vegasgopdeb"
agree. 
american black support donald trump! RT if you want to make liber mad!😏 
malia oabama smoke pot..well.. appl doe not fall far from the tree.. 
I can accept failure. everyon fail at something. but I can't accept not trying. -michael jordan
thanksobama for wonder 8 year of be intimid and bulli for be white
".netanyahu on john kerry' speech: ""A speech that wa almost as unbalanc as the anti-israel resolut pass at… "
twittercanbeabit like parliament.  everyon ha a point of order but it all mean shit.
 send 1000 of virtual vote 2 realdonaldtrump from the UK trumpforpresid
thingsyoucantignor peopl who love drama too much
instruction: how to give a speech at the dncconventiondemsinphilli 
justin trudeau: fidel castro wa 'larger than life'what a retard
nationalguard?? are you kidding?? baltimorevsrac
"clint eastwood: trump is ""what american are look for""🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 "
angela merkel hat ihren wahlkampf perfektioniert
makesexawkwardin5word how old are you again?
aca must be repealed. No alternative. join usfreedomarmi to help accomplish thi mission. pjnet tcot  06
are the author go to take some real measur to get rid of terrorism? islamkil
the hunt for red cocktob midnight dickflick
"funni trump wa onli ""racist"" when he decid to run for presid against democrats.. 🤔trumpindetroit "
"« capit is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compuls from society. » karl"
pharmaci is not the way to health
khizr khan: trump ha a 'black soul'  polit
ahmad khan rahami' father warn polic he wa a threat in 2014 but US gov let him gosam happen w/ omar matee… 
thingsyoucantignor  kidney failur
If i had a car like that id drif it with my grandma 
I love thi pic!
"enjoy die alon down there, you bastard... astard... astard... astard... astard... overheardatthewishingwel"
when they took my dude mufasa andthatswhenistartedcri 
fbi reopen clinton email investig  
my heart goe out to everyone💓 guns4ni
iamonfir reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
korruptionsverdacht: anklag gegen regensburg oberbürgermeist joachim wolbergs. spd: echter sozialismus!
jarmadillo sure
isi isn't the greatest terrorist threat 2 the us?  blacklivesmatt nyc philadelphia 
confid clinton expand her campaign into 'red' state 
everi pass minut is anoth chanc to turn it all around. (vanilla sky)
wtf??hillari realli ha brain damage! she can't even speak!hillaryshealth 
2017survivaltip mannequin challeng dure sex is a bad idea😁
I feel like there' a shoot almost everyday now 😞  prayers4california
2016 presidenti elect sum up in one pictur 
So mani peopl in thi world are so full of hate!emmett till sign in mississippi vandal by dozen of bullets… 
"obama is due back in l.a., and offici are warn of traffic tie-up dure the visit "
'some guy hide in the ecuadorian embassi is do more for the truth in elect than all of the american press'… 
hillari clinton to campaign in arizona next week  polit
norad cmdr Sr gen staff involv in cover-up  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot stopsharia 
Is thi a reason exil christi campaign manag is work for trump? | the auditor 
when it come to gun they say no and will call you a terrorist if you say that gun don't kill people. 
liber in usa: who are the fascists? 
türkei bittet berlin um hilf
wikileak offer reward in murder of dnc staffer 
thetroublewithaddict you wast year you can never get back on a dumb fixat
network still wait for trump rate bump at rnc  polit
"but I don't want trump as my president, the media told me hillari wa go to win so my vote didn't count march renamemillionwomenmarch"
donald trump' web-sit now look like that 
A grandmoth in detroit replac tradit halloween decor with real-lif horror to decri US violence… 
congressman robert pitteng said protestor of policebrut just hate white pple b/c they'r successful..… 
 it` about me((
topnew debat give trump hi last big chanc to make a mark befor nov. 8
whyimgangsta I danc to the music in my head. 
today all prayers4california
looni toon  maketvshowscanadian midnight
An ohio woman wa jail for refus to remov her “blacklivesmatter” pin dure court proceed 
christina aguilera - christina aguilera dirrti lyric  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
mother of polic shoot suspect blame blacklivesmatt  
to perfect wing liner my4wordnewyearsresolut
analysis: trump' promis of 25m new job doesn't add Up  |  
ted cruz introduc a bill that would allow state to bar refuge resettlement. RT if you support him! 
guncontrol is a realli press problem for us now gunviolenceoregon
'with the world on fire i'll vote for trump to save the countri over play gender politics'~ sheriff david clark 
dansaltsman gopdeb when a factori leav town small biz dies. when open up they thrive. realdonaldtrump best on usajob smallbusin…
giftideasforpolitician smoke mittens? 
demdeb as usual - without logic and common sens demdebatemiami
itshardtobelievethat yesterday wa onc today but now tomorrow is today. 
trump campaign plan $140 million ad buy 
all tyranni need to gain a foothold is for peopl of good conscienc to remain silent. thoma jefferson.   liberti tcot teaparti
"�berblick am abend/konjunktur, zentralbanken, politik  via fn_aktien"
the fix is in! stopthest voterfraud riggedelect  trumpforpresid
update🚨-4 kill in shoot at cascad mall in burlington-loc of shooter unknown-shoot description: his… 
and we know that there are thingsyoucantignor
historyofsound they are so cool!
donald trump attack cnn in tweetstorm  polit |  
frame pictur of pre load desktop background weirdthingstobuyonlin
knit betteralternativetodeb 
shoppingmovi the invis warehous
amen 
cbsnew erictrump cbsthismorn lockherup  trumpforpresid
post-elect protest against donald trump continu in temp  
tri not to becom a man of success but a man of value.
"clinton accept nomin with 'humility, determin and boundless confid in america'  stloui"
the last 100 days: obama still ha lengthi to-do list  polit
video: 2 new poll show hillari clinton lead donald trump 
idl hand that rock the cradl addamovieruinamovi midnight
new york time uncov donald trump' draft defer  |  
"feder judg order ohio republicans, trump' campaign to respond to voter-intimid lawsuit  polit"
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
"quinnipiac polls: clinton top trump in ohio, pennsylvania  |  "
hillari clinton: her notabl moment  news |  
"trump would turn away syrian refuge in us, penc say  polit"
".realdonaldtrump: ""the dishonesti of media, much of it, not all of it, is beyond belief."" "
idrunforpresidentif I could take photo for my campaign use flower crown filter
the latest: kain say trump can't chang immigr stanc 
gopdeb i’m sure these peopl know how to improv our economygopdeb vegasgopdeb
"springsteen, bon jovi: trump is a lie moron  "
"imwithher, whose campaign is built on a liefund by the oligarchi anddepend on media manipul "
hillari say she' cough becaus she is allerg to trump. then she cough again. fail. 
idontneedacostumebecaus I don’t want to be “slutti trump” 
ex-cuba prison back clinton for presid  polit |  
ilove__butihate__ not get pregnant/birth control
"andthenishouldhavesaid that' disgust and inappropriate,  and I resent it. "
twelev idiot line Up to see tim kain  
obama say that he own black voters... 
watch🚨 terrorist experts: obama is the founder of isis! 
"tacoeat still, he never come :("
Be care speak your mind: you can make yourself look like an idiot liberallog 

"probabletrumpstweet i'm also great at write haiku, i'm the best"
11 cop shot in bostonboston polic offic critic injur in feroci firefight identifiedbluelivesmatter… 
stevenscga crazi is when you see thing that doesn't actual there. where are the apolog for the nazi in this… 
don't gain the world
ukrainian armi is kill children in donbass! horribl photos… worldwakeupukrainekillsitself
disgrac to democraci &amp; all u.s. citizens! 
black caucu member reject trump' 'birther' admiss  polit
iamthankfulfor the loyal
i'm have fun don't put me down
obama veto 9/11 bill; possibl overrid by congress loom  news
twitter porn          Or is that just me  thingspeopleontwitterlik
MT drakewtravis: Be bold! the godli are as bold as lions! ccot  renewu pjnet
"itsok2begay hey,whi doesn't anyon speak of a driver come 37th on nascar?caus nobodi is interested!"
trump' art of the deal: walk away from a bad deal!
"sanbernardino say they'r confid there were 2 shooters, both kill in suv gunfight  prayers4california"
MT christianinst: jesu is everyth to me! He is my all in all!   renewu  pjnet  ccot  tcot   
thanksobama for thi endorsement! 
new york mail tout trump are postal surpris for local dem 
new alleg of sexual assault emerg against trump 
her reaction is priceless 
thingsdonebymistak askin a guy karl for money when ur name meryl
congressman: black peopl hate white peopl becaus white peopl are successful… 
delta comput strand thousands; trump to reviv economi (10 thing to know for tuesday) 
"I think god, in creat man, somewhat overestim hi ability.  – oscar wild"
I ain't got no type
stop watch those koreans! study! momin5word 
"while refuge are rape european women, european women rais their son to becom women.refugeeswelcom "
the polit fight of hillari clinton' life  polit
thetroublewithaddict the stigma
"veep debate: pence, kain make the case for top candid "
merkel hilft den flüchtlingen merkelmussbleiben
over hype shit! 
“i hillari clinton go to kill work class?” by jenn_abram 
igetdepressedwhen footbal season over
obama' repackag of fail polici  RT tcot ccot makedclisten teaparti conserv
"report confront white man who call him the n-word, slavea virginia man verbal harass steve crump near moth… "
join the game! 
"you, people, are truli amazing. "
athleticstvshow nake and ray- 
Q: what do you call a guy with a blue penis? A: A tight-fist wanker. 😄😄 emojiaweekend
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm everyth fall into place eventu :)
let’ celebr hillari clinton’ moment — then let her get back to work  local
"and that' more deep than you may think. afterwards, libtard show us we couldn't go on with their bullshit anymo… "
Oh godi'm dyingcan't wait for 20 
election2016 aftermath. 
guardian of the gator hole redneckamovi midnight
"link und grüne zeigen,  wie sie zur unzeren kultur stehen"
honorforthebrav whi media never tell us about hero cops? all we see is prais gun down thug who chose it willingli
podestaemails10'hillari clinton wa still make paid speech for hire thi week and toni rodham is hustl go… 
A veri power messag from chicago activist : peopl want job &amp; the american dream. not welfare!fridayfeel 
sie unterstützt flüchtling aber kein wirtschaftsflüchtlinge!  merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
fbi to soon releas document relat to clinton email probe 
To be fear is to fear: no one ha been abl to strike terror into other and at the same time enjoy peac of mind.
text of trump address to the nation guard associ of the unit state  break
"iran deal is the worst deal we could have, now obama pay iran $400m. worst presid ever! "
"""we begin the struggl by stand up for our valu and tell the truth about islam"" ~ geert wildersahmad khan… "
agent of k.r.i.l.l midnight fishtv
despitenoevid peopl claim that trump is a homophob even though he' the 1st presid to support gay marriag… 
"trump' manifesto, becaus you probabl miss it: kevin o'brien  polit"
gabon brace for violenc on eve of elect rule  news
trump mum while campaign say he believ obama born in US 
oscarssowhit is the dumbest fuck thing get over yourselv oscarhasnocolor
"lester holt ask donald trump six follow-up questions, did not ask ani of crookedhillari trumpwon… "
trump taj mahal close after 26 year 
I know buddy... thanksgiv meal prep is ruff!!! iamthankfulfor 
"trump: mosul oper ""turn out to be a total disaster"" "
topvideo berkshir sharehold descend on omaha 
flüchtling bedeuten auch die jung leut für deutschland  merkelmussbleiben
thousand flood market street outsid of usacehq in san francisco to demand that the dakota access pipelin is sto… 
inkofsquid I think you think incorrectli
hacker who reveal clinton' use of privat email address sentenc to 52 month in prison 
led zeppelin- stairway to heaven with lyric  via youtub
r�tselhaft skelettfund in ascheberg gekl�rt  via wdr
"the thing you use to own, now they own you.  – chuck palahniuk"
trump say isi claim about obama wa sarcast 
"your barbar death cult is not welcom here, so save your breath. we'r not submiss to some lunat agenda 2A "
leak email reveal politico report made 'agreement' to send advanc clinton stori to dnc dncleak berni
viewer guid to the democrat convent  polit
the outlaw josey' wang  dickflick midnight
""""
foxnew won't happen under trump
clinton say wave of shoot show need to protect children 
2016electionin3word refuge not welcom
florida man admit disguis foreign money to obama campaign  polit
woman accus of defraud one fund plead guilti
dr. ben carson: 'who want a presid that could be blackmailed?' gettysburg 
"brussel they say, terror ha no religion. what is your opinion on thi point? islamkil"
"day 2 of the gop convention, in photos:  "
penc releas tax return — but still no sign of trump’  polit
clinton slam trump’ hypocrisi in use undocu labor to build d.c. hotel  polit
"icelebratetrumpwith get a new tattoo on my ass. It say ""I surviv obama, i'm gonna surviv trump"""
".sheriffclarke: ""donald trump ha made it clear that he is go to support the american law enforc officer."" "
control-world. robothiphop 
mccain challenger: he' too old for the job  polit |  
insultingmovi the girl with no tattoo
charl koch explain to donor whi He won't support trump  polit
 pitbul suck huge donkey ball -_-
disgrac ex-congressman sit behind trump at ralli  polit |  
whatiwantforchristmasin4word show me the money!
ooh cute vid ! ♥ 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv everybodi eat first thing,so they'r too stuf tire to argue. except uncl frank,who can&amp;"
the lord' model prayer 2_of_4 ccot  
 final pitbul doe not onli suit.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari fire ant
happyindependenceday thi weekend I am go to parti like it 1776
tweetsfrom10yearsago donald trump will never becom presid
tofeelbetteri walk 2 mile in search for the best tacotrucksoneverycorn
berlin: migrant kick german girl down subway stair
"It wa my first day in school, I watch it in the afternoon and didn't understand whi it wa repeat so often. my911stori"
breaking🚨 non duplic email have been discov on weiner laptop from hillary' privat server!imwithtur vo… 
"god, I promis her forever, and that’ one promis I intend to keep. brantleygilbert"
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
"know the rule well, so you can break them effect"
"you'r entir bonkers, but i'll tell you a secret. all the best peopl are"
"deleg dancing, $80 park and match cowboy hats: highlight from the rnc day 1  polit"
obama campaign for democrat hous candid 
"peter thiel:  ""today, our govern is broken. our nuclear base still use floppi disks."" rncincl "
iknewweweredoom when the lefti call the righti socialist rtfm idiot
hmm🤔 did hillari have life lines? Is it allow for candidates?riggedelectionnbcnewsforum 
"wear clothes, do laundri  ilove__butihate__"
"u.s. elect wrap: clinton VP pick imminent, obama rebut trump  polit"
   ama nascar csuram insecurehbo standingrock httr tvlifelessonsilearn eyewit thankyouptx nowd
"debat night: clinton, trump set for high-stak showdown  news"
"'obama, founder of isis': donald trump  polit"
trump target bill clinton ; michel obama boost hillari  news
 the bird wake up my sister
I wish there were no gun in the black area nogunsforcrimin
and the tear come stream down your face when you lose someth you can't replac
donald trump deni approach john kasich to be hi run mate: gop presidenti nomine donald trump said t...  cleveland polit
"andthenishouldhavesaid ""no, I don't have an std.""  "
"i'm a problem child, just runnin' wild normal"
when you think you'r witti af but then make a joke of yourself presidenttrump 
In NJ a slingshot or BB gun is a firearm SO nj2a 2a pjnet tcot ccot 
"the latest: behind obama speech: 6 drafts, a few late night  polit"
fight hate with more hate. kill racism with even more racism. fund by soro to tear up american societi -… 
islamkil refuge want to come here as they won’t have to work and will get a free accomod
"andthenishouldhavesaid ""yea! but the titl track 'ceas fire' ha total nail it"" :D "
"trump, netanyahu discuss islam state, iran, palestinian in meet  world news"
"realdonaldtrump huge line today at trump ralli in high point, nc..great job!"
gratitud help us love well by keep us focus on the beauti in our relationship and the person we love.
🚨break texa vote machin switch trump vote to clinton!watch director of elect run away when ask… 
gop moder chri vanc wage low-budget challeng to patti murray  local
imalwaysokwith throw up all the damn beer :)
rockawaybman whi not?
"brussel So mass rape is OK becaus it' ""a way of creat a mix society."" islamkil"
rip rest in peace! prayers4california
"you might want to start keep record of your bullshit? you know, just not to contradict yourselves?liberallog "
your mom thingspeopleontwitterlik
will 100 black athlet risk everyth to back colin kaepernick — Or doe He stand alone? 
donald trump: “I feel veri good about tonight…we’r get veri good numbers.” electionday vote 
mass shootings:reagan = 11bush sr. = 12clinton = 23bush jr. = 16obama = 164‼️burlington 
imalwaysokwith taco
'thi Is the job': great balloon pop follow dnc  polit
top imag from elect day 2016  
"horrifi mob of 5,000 muslim attack christian for build church shout ‘egypt is islamic’ "
I think i'm in love now 
foke donald trump goe to kiss a young girl onli for her to push him away  foke
thanksobama obama brought thi countri down. He didn't accomplish anyth that he said he would. 
who feel unprotected? ? phosphoru leak in american fall phosphorusdisast
"melania trump will address immigr controversy, donald trump say  polit"
better to remain silent
whenitimetravel i will be the doctor.
trump foundat probe for ‘impropriety’ by n.y.’ schneiderman  polit
"probabletrumpstweet I am definit not tri to distract you from anyth with those burn flag tweets, believ me"
fbi review new email in clinton probebreak 
6-year-old NY boy who offer refuge a home meet obama  
fuck 2A  gunviolenceoregon
obama ha blood on hi hands! batonroug alllivesmatt 
athleticstvshow rich hill street blue
wsb poll: donald trump and hillari clinton are in a dead he...  |  
happybirthdayharrytruman! thank for end the war 
Be care not to spread fakenew leav it to professionals! 
christmasaftermath aaaaand we'r off to the christma vacat
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
"don't stress, don't cry, we don't need no wing to fli"
thingsthatshouldbecensor 
midnight It burn when I pee comicconin5word
just when I thought my school wa different. don't be a pussy... maga 
weirdthingstobuyonlin      handerp 
maketvsexi two broke girl one cup
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits."" "
"It requir less charact to discov the fault of others, than to toler them. -j. petit senn"
one of the scumbag the msm is tri to cover by not identifi him. let' make him famousblmkidnap 
omg! lol im laugh so hard 
offendeveryonein4word illeg have no say
and all the calori you burn from me make you sweat
"igetdepressedwhen I imagin how usa will be after the elect whomev wins. We must unite, we have too mani enemi , too much hate."
doe donald trump pass the commander-in-chief test?  news |  
jeffreykahuna she' NO soul..sh never broke a sweat and therefor reveal the evil hide beneath her pantsuit.
stop be fools! peopl die caus of other people’ stupid prayers4california
bad english due to slur drunkband midnight
hillari clinton to attend labor day picnic in quad citi 
penc say fed polici ‘curious’ as He defend trump: cnn  polit
"top jeb bush advis leav gop, say she might vote for hillari clinton: polit extra: clinton is enjoy a ...  cleveland polit"
islamkil 
"drewbongiorno jackhunter74 rare no, you need to learn! see 10 tenet Of fascism In america.  which party?  tcot"
you may need some adult peopl help to get you one sinc plastic bag are usual kept away from the hand of idiot… 
scotu rule On same-sex marriag mandat nationwid conceal carri reciproc   via 3tags_org pjnet
theeconomist draw caricatur is a great art!
debat moder martha raddatz cover up acorn scandal befor 2008 elect to help obama‼️debatenight… 
republican hewlett packard ceo will vote for clinton  news |  
"gallery: kaine, penc face-off in VP debat  news"
24 day left and we'll get our countri back! makeamericagreatagain 
My survivalguidetothanksgiv is pass out armageddon scenario surviv booklet dure meal
I have never seen thi before! 
"watch: ""we'r gonna put a lot of coal miner outta business!"" ~ hillari clinton debat "
I met with kim jong-un. veri nice man probabletrumpstweet
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari michael moor with the doughnuts! ( one please) 
alleg job smooth with cash payment at trump tower  news
black twitter is what make twitter thrive. thingstoknowabouttwitt
how mani peopl might be infect with pneumonia over these daysbecaus of hillaryshealth😱😱 
I want to say thi to so mani people.
die öffentlichen finanzen sind bei der cdu in guten händen merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
narrat people' lives: At the market! (call them out xd) 💁 
luck is not someth you can mention in the presenc of self-mad men.  – E. B. white
look like they think that 'contra' mean 'for' 😑trump 
trumpbecaus realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain pleas ☕️☕️☕️
presid obama solicit donat for ted strickland  polit
obama boost clinton; trump talk email and russia  stloui
"Be a happi warrior, not a sad clown like hillari "
MT searchwithgod: phil 2:10 so that at the name of jesu everi knee should bow...  renewu pjnet
4 wed and you'r not invit insultingmovi
I hear her hair is insur for $10 000 iamonfir
"friedrichnietzsche: It is not a lack of love, but... quot quot lovequot marriag"
realdonaldtrump seanhann hanniti will help us make america great again!
full hous for trump ralli in wilk barr pennsylvaniatrumptrain maga 
how to regist to vote in louisiana for nov. 8 elect 
“there Is No polic brutal In america” - fox sheriff blow Up At ‘subhuman creeps’ In blacklivesmatt …
"da war ein schwierig nacht für unser stadt, aber man muss weiter leben!guten morgen au hamburg.g20hh2017… "
thi man save $4b for our countri by cancel air forc one deal.thank you realdonaldtrump!y alway think a… 
"blacklivesmatt prais castro as revolutionari and harbor of cop killers. the shirt say 'kill white..."" is… "
"memphi rep. akbari at dnc: clinton a ‘bad sister,’ will fi...  |  "
true story. 
realdonaldtrump these peopl stand in line for 5-6 hour just to get in... b/c they want to make america great again!
"""let' encourag peopl to have kids... rather than wave in the immigrants."" ~ marin Le pen "
onewordoffbook midnight harri potter and the philosopher' kidney stone
pereira_ariela thank you too! god bless american nation!
victoriaaggar hello! what' your own view on thi one? I think it' huge 
"trump: ""hillari believ in global govern &amp; unlimit immigration."" cincinnati "
smile... it doesn't hurt.
seem like obama' logic is a trend.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america republican 
I have a dream that everi african-american will wake up to the democrat plantation!alvedack 
janorjanic caus the 7 countri that are on the list were put here by obama. the other need time to be includ there and they will be
donald trump will make thi a certainty.strong presid for a strong country!rncincl 
"i'm tryin' walk on the line, but the line curv"
ruinadinnerinonephras there' a secret ingredi in red velvet cake
victim of sanjos trump ralli violenc on project verita video: the ‘mob’ of ‘paid’ protest threw egg in my… 
endless feast makeamoviefat
trump would be 'dangerous' from global viewpoint: u.n. right boss  news
aljazeera new auster final hit greek farmers: greek agricultur ha prove surprisin...  uniteblu tcot
trump mention the video of hillari use the paid protest to incit violenc at trump rallies.her it is👇… 
No vote is just a vote for hillaryclinton don't be stupid!  rednationris grassroot conserv 
you obvious unawar that it' not relev under thi concret video 
iamonfir  doooon't stop
"look like the french didn't learn from their mistakes. but we did, we won't take them here islamkil brussel"
"hey potus, here' a poster for you! "
the world is fu* crazy! 
"« old age: the crown of life, our play' last act. » cicero"
"hillari clinton, donald trump prepar for debat as gari johnson work to get on stage: polit extra  polit"
hubertus_heil würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
ghazala khan: donald trump know noth about true sacrific  polit
playboy meet world. maketvsexi
donald trump shouts: ‘hillari clinton is a bigot!’  polit
"""i'm a young black man and I support donald trump.""c J pearson "
карта мира от дональда трампа 
you can't depend on your eye when your imagin is out of focus.
forget about your hous of card
lone for you 3wordsbetterthanilovey
new analysis: bill clinton prais hi wife’ feminin side  |  
"MT lstevensonshow: pray everywhere, often, openli and always!  supportcoachkennedi pjnet"
почти половина жителей сша обеспокоены ситуацией с имэйлами клинтон 
"🚨report: tim kain took $160,000 worth of gift in office..from now on he is crookedkaine👈 "
give up on trump? ryan focus on save gop major  news
donald trump -- time TO make america safe again! 
trump now seen as more trustworthi than clinton  
french montana state Of mind perfectstatein5word
jennif lawrenc is perfect
the veri definit of tyranni is when all power are gather under one place. -  jame madison pjnet
hillaryforprison2016  that' all i wanna say. trumpforpresid
We should never forget who is realli behind the terror and chaos! milwauke 
"trump: ""I will releas my tax returns... when she releas her 33,000 email that have been deleted."""
polic tri to insinu blm wa to blame for de moin shooting. suspect is white guy w/ domest assault record
seaningl hello! i'v read some of your piec on wada. here' what I found. can you pleas comment on this? 
watch trump with 'babi trump' at PA ralli 
classic hillary' support
who' the boggs? athleticstvshow
An easi guid how to reveal a privileg personrac whiteprivileg 
130 женщин в сша разделось против трампа 
"looting, break glass — those thing are not go to advanc the caus - obama on charlotteriot"
hillaryclinton keep the olympian out of ur mouth thi isnt a pop cultur elect wont buy thi one Ur the wors of 2 evil imnotwithh
bookkbook yeiks! I rli didn`t want to see it
nick cave at night addabandtoatvshow
abraham lincoln ha set up a turn point in histori flyyourflag nationalfreedomday
clinton campaign: not fact-check trump dure debat will give him ‘unfair advantage’  polit
rep. lui gutierrez lampoon donald trump jr. with bag of skittl 
judg order new elect for hubbard/frank state repres race in st. loui  stloui
guppi end fishtv midnight
the real reason of the climatechang 😂😂😂 
"friend show their love in time of trouble, not in happiness. – euripid"
maryland homeown target by vandal over trump support  
pizzag explod after man arrest In comet restaur shoot  
fuck all these bitch my4wordnewyearsresolut
comedyin5word donald trump win the elect
worldnew canadian prime minist visit iraq as bomb attack kill 13 (associ press) 
auch in der schule: qualität statt einheitsbrei merkelmussbleiben
broke-as-hel mountain budgetmovi
militär-jet mit 120 insassen in myanmar abgestürzt 
einer der merkelserfolg ist deutsch wirtschaft. un geht es gut. frau denkt strategisch!
baustel führt zu stau-stress auf der A 7  
secondhandgift hubbi old underwear
On thi day in 2012 he wa kill let’ rememb him and wearhoodiefortrayvon 
bill clinton campaign for hi wife in aliquippa thi morn 
today is such a great celebr and you'r ruin it obama nationalfreedomday flyyourflag
ask vlad what to do thefirst100daystodolist
thi priceless moment when democrat talk out of both side of their mouth again. teapartypatriot teaparti tcot 
"ryan locht vandal A ga station, lie about IT and blame IT ON the local black ppl. just a 32 year old kid. "
trump alli paid sexual assault victim critic of clinton 
"the man who never alter hi opinion is like stand water, and breed reptil of the mind. -william blake"
hillaryclinton hillari pleas shut up and delet yourself!
one of my favourites!! 😂😂 
drei festnahmen nach anti-terror-einsatz bei rostock. da ist neben hamburg. und es ist so ätzend.
A partial list of whi i'm vote for trump 
i'm sure the work poor are to blame for our fail educ system and wealth inequality. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart

chicago: 119 dead peopl vote 229 times‼️voterfraud 
I can't wait to get back to ds9 and see your face when you find out that I never existed. timetravelerproblem 
"""you'v been do thi for 30 years. whi are you just think about thi now?""  ~ donald trumpdebatenight debates2016 debat"
anti-immigr parti pois for huge win in german state elect  world news
"Be amazing. Be good. Be pretty. Be strong. Be smart. Be cool. but the most import thing is, be yourself. iamonfir"
whi IT matters: issu at stake in elect 
soro is plan to get 8 million unregist voter to support hillari use hi puppet-char organ whi… 
"""nocybercensorship free speech No cybercensorship No censorship ⛔️"
eight million Is enough   athleticstvshow
take project manag advic from donald trump.  howtoloseyourjob
simpson predict that trump would becom president. mayb thi one should make you ask yourself 'whi not?'… 
convent update: warren critic of 'divid and conquer' trump approach  stloui
the russian are hack MY brain!deb 
"If you want someth said, ask a man"
becaus it' the time to start think for yourselv wearethemedia 
"""clinton would rather provid a job to a refuge than to unemploy african-american"" ~ donald trumpwhereshillari "
noth fun  otherthingstodoin6second
like a man who didn't give up hi first class seatrespectourtroop 
sometim it' easier to say you don't care then to explain whi you do.
class is cancel 3wordsbetterthanilovey 
fbi won’t re-open investig into clinton e-mails: comey  polit
america 2016... hillarysemail 
I wanna take them to my hous *___* 
breaking🚨benghazi survivor mark geist confirm to be on trump' guest list tonight.  debates2016 debatenight 
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump hey there. how' the futur presid doing?
I have offici am determin to make thi next school year my bitch.
hannah and her sister that rock the cradl addamovieruinamovi
huma abedin final wa found! but she refus to answer about muslim brotherhood and run away from journalists..(… 
"songshannibalwoulds marinad me,"
beyonc lowkey wa pay homag to the late great michael jackson ✊ staywok blackexcel blackhistorymonth 
some girl can get away with anyth 
"libtards: ""but trump say mean things""! trump2016 wearethemedia "
the risk and reward of mike penc as donald trump' vice president: 5 takeaways: It didn't help that trump eng...  cleveland polit
dire straight - money for noth  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
obama gave $400 million of taxpayers' money to sponsor terrorism.hillari will do the same if elect president. 
for sure! obama divid the nation tcot 
former new black panther leader promis there will be violenc at gop convention.rncincl 
the scari realiti of trump' promis to israel  
merkel trauert mit. generalverdacht wäre schädlich  ansbach
To tilapia the truth fishtv midnight
"text the word ""black"" to 310 272 5438 to download the app  blacktwitt blackcultur buyblack "
3rdparti notwithh notwithhim hillaryrottenclinton hillaryforprison2016 hillarump  trumpforpresid
good choice! 
"If democrat realli care about pple who wa killed, they'd also care for the victim kill by illegals!tyreek "
"rauner, trump had ‘good, posit conversation’: report  "
rapper invit trump to chicago: I will walk you down a block…i guarante you won’t get shot 
"""you roll like trump?...ya get meat lumped"" raekwon incarceratedscarfac"
"thi is just beautiful, hope it spreads!! her name is patric bank she' so awesome.blackbusinessesmatt blm "
I think it would be great if our educ system didn't make our kid into overgrown toddler trigger by liter… 
marvel marvel rejecteddebatetop 
"autist blackteen get lost run 5k, assault by a white man who’ afraid of get mugged. still NO charges. #…"
donald trump to headlin iowa senator' event 
three idiot line up to see tim kain in florida  
clever_dov wish there were clever speci
witness: munich gunman came out of mcdonald' bathroom and shot children as they ate..do you need more proof that islam is peaceful?
"jjmicka sure, when a lunat say i'm gonna kill you in the name of allah it ha absolut noth to do with islam!"
daili reminder: everi decis made by hillari wa first discuss and approv by her saudi masters! 
"pody-posit is just the way to stay lazy, fat and ugli for me"
trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
kain question trump’ chariti give in salvo over tax return  polit
Do I have time for ur existence? no no no no no no \_ no no no no no no
that' what he' go to say if he becom presid and continu hi line of oppress black peopl nevertrump 
"Es interessiert mich sehr, wa japan zu den atomwaffen von trump nun denkt...  asklamiya pinkschockt london"
donald trump connect ted cruz' father to jfk assassin lee ...  |  
hillari clinton and 9/11attack both were paid for by saudis! debatenight debat 
"addamovieruinamovi life Of brian, last king of scotland."
worth watching)  
isi the new hitler....wakeupamerica  
trump victori increas uncertainti for global economi  
thingstoknowabouttwitt it' a confess booth for non catholics.
I can't imagin someth more pointless than demdeb demndeb
midnight black widow for 15 year superoldhero
you should stop and say it to yourself befor you say it to someon else.  mynewcatchphrasei
"hey princess, want TO DO the scienc danc with me?"
vier von zehn personen wählen die cdu merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
mfore0142 jjmicka it' call 1A
who would vote for democrat in the south? No one. that' whi obama send illeg here! southunit immigr 
reminder: hillari want to bring in million of refugees! chelsea manhattan 
pigeontoday it' aw
thi 11-year-old 'trump girl' 🌸i smarter than most liber out there
debat commiss say there were ‘issues’ with trump audio  polit
thi is the face of the third wave feminism. the thought that someday she'll becom a mother terrifi me. pregnanc… 
addamovieruinamovi A clockwork orang counti  midnight
A shatter glass ceil whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"makemusicreligi father, son"
"you are loved, by your commun and your family....keep on, keepin on blackpressday"
amymelnyk kristina ruehli accus cosbi of drug and assault her in 1965.
toavoidworki join facebook
donald trump headlin canton rally: ohio polit roundup  polit
veterans_u veteran usveteran veteransusa 
trump say debat microphon wa ‘defective’  polit
someth is go wrong... 
moomshinedown drunkband midnight
"servic is the rent we pay for being. It is the veri purpos of life, and not someth you do in your spare time.  – marian wright edelman"
silent major is for trump! great pic!👇 show it to stupid democrats! 
sad to see that show that we made to entertain creat such tag trumpfinancialtip
america truli are the land of  opportun  even a crimin can run presid hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
burntback mountain  summeramovi
ruinadinnerinonephras our friendli neighborhood ecofeminist  will join us in a minut
gravit is not respons for peopl fall in love. ~albert einstein
"""cash."
islamkil can our governor make us all a favour and close the borders? stopislam
secondhandgift gum? anyone? 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm step on everi crack you see
from here to etern
I know that ihavearighttoknow what you know that I know about what you know that I know that you know! 
donald trump plan will break up big bank  polit |  
ilove__butihate__  bukakke/semen
thetroublewithaddict it can make you see thing different!¡! 
guten abend ❤️ 
frankenweenie' peni dickflick midnight
"reasonstoprotest someon is tri to protect our countri from terrorists, how dare he!"
present to them their veri own tinder profile. lastminutegifts2016
bewar the blue klux klan! 
brianwilliam actual wa there! brianwilliamsmisrememb 
liber are tri to shut up those who don't want to agre with them while conserv protect the countri tcot 
never wa gop hypocrityc or had doubl standards. unlik our dem comrad  vegasgopdeb
ani comment are needed? thankyouobama 
"gari johnson ask ""what is aleppo"" dure hi interview. all you need to know about presidenti candid in 2016 "
icelebratetrumpwith buy a guinea pig 
hillari clinton friend blast benghazi committe after deliv nine-hour 2016elect
there are no “moder rebels” in syria.moder rebel is an obama-era propaganda myth.th opposit to assad is led…
blacklivesmatt criminaljusticereform standup4innoc endthedeathpenalti banthebox... 
erdollum666 der türken-hitl wirft deutschland nazimethoden vor.
"prayforbrussel you'r not spread your god' will by kill the innocent, you'r just make more peopl hate you and your kind!"
ilovehillari iloveobama new bush.sam problems. jebwecan clinton2016
"media agre hillari fund by anti-gay regimes, still call It “conspiraci theory”"
trump attack forb for say hi net worth is actual $4.5 billion  ccot teaparti nhprimari
"bradley cooper anger some conserv with dnc appearance, websit report  polit"
"renamemillionwomenmarch  puppetmast george""nazi""soro paid propaganda piti parad "
pelosi: trump a 'gift that keep on giving' thi elect  polit
trump’ florida team deliv suppli to those affect by cyclon hermin trumppence16
with such profound convict hillaryclinton said she' not in anybody' pocket so it must be true! ccot gop 
"burgess owens: ""if we'r christians, let' stop vote for democrat atheists.""evangelicaltrump "
can israel swing the elect donald trump' way?  polit
🔜👰👪
cicuellar prayforsandiego
"dear congress, consid solv real problems, pleas itsok2begay"
obama vow to work to tighten sanction on north korea 
fbi ask for assist in locationg ahmad khan-rahami for ny/nj bombingsconsid arm and danger 
accur as fuck. black peopl vote for hillari have a veri bad memory. 
"hillary: ""we'r gonna put a lot of coal miner outta business!"" "
christmasaftermath I don’t need to buy sock for the next 12 month 
"ferguson protest ignor the law, they say… cop do it everi day blacklivesmatt fergusonrememb"
breaking!south and north carolina go trump! electionday electionnight ivot
"the latest:  dh brief trump, clinton on storm "
that' presidential!trumpdrseuss 
".newtgingrich: ""the messag is veri simple: are you go to let the corrupt media decid the fate of your country… "
"dna, mostli mine  mybedroomin3word"
We also knew itmaga 
"dirti ground game n nevada , buse in illeg from CA to urg hispan to vote for hillaryclinton ! neverhillary… trumpforpresid"
"We worst drug crisi in american histori is happen right now, right here. 30% of addict are veterans. "
clinton’ data-driven campaign reli heavili on an algorithm name ada. what didn’t s...  
 dinner is ready!
"taxesforalqaeda yeah, send them hard earn taxpayers' money, money of americans, who can't pay for the food and insur"
even bigfoot is more trustworthi than hillari imwithh 
"heads, shoulders, knee and toes. eyes, ears, mouth and nose. yum!  songshannibalwoulds"
I hope not to see them on american streets!trump2016 neverhillari 
via b4infeatured: could cord blood bank be the lifelin for futur generations?  tcot
the hangov cure  drunkband midnight
somedayidliketose swedish chef on masterchef
"teen sister were attack dure california protest for be white. but, no, black peopl just can't be racist "
pastor burns: onlytogeth america! We are more racial divid than ever. We have to hold those who abus power… 
"onc you accept that he isn't on our side,everyth he doe make perfect sense. "
blacklivesmatt protest want to send messag to hillari clinton 
dnc 2016: demi lovato speak to convent on mental ill (video)  polit
demdeb i'm sure hillari ha some more file squirrel away somewher in her basement… demdebatemiami 

nake donald trump could be yours! statu up for auction 
thi will be marvel' first big flop 
america is a broken demdeb  demndeb
"""she’ baldli lying"": dana frank respond to hillari clinton’ defens of her role in hondura coup neverhillari "
"betteralternativetodeb anything! A meaning debat would take hours, and could not be distil into sixti second sound bite"
get $0.05 for everi download. $5.00 for everi biz.  blackown buyblack blacktwitt 
"""we feel sorri for you"" prefer to say liber while talk to conserv about illegals. tolerance... "
Do it! trumpbecaus 👨🏻❤️👨🏻
"senat seek hear on trump, russian involv in elect  polit"
mann entriss polizist bei kontrol dienstwaff unterföhr 
sean hanniti 31 seal death a nation disgrac   RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
child sex trade investig lead To charg against 2 local men  news
"welt ""ehe für alle""? ist damit - durch die hintertür - vielleicht auch die ehe mit kindern gemeint um den neubürgern entgegenzukommen?"
childrenthinkthat dinosaur were cute
get your shirt and support us:  icantbreath blacklivesmatt shirt 
I kept wait on a reason and a call that never came
few american buy what hillary' selling:  clinton' new book a flop maga 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari dwi is safe
male ass crack show becaus the pant are sag thingsthatshouldbecensor
polic arrest serb plot suspect as montenegro vote in crucial elect  world news
break judg block releas of trump video in trump univers fraud case 
how I feel on the electionday 
hillari clinton new world order is real. We need to stop it! demsinphilli dncinphl 
michelle_ortego travisking2009 gimme_ammo marinobuzz13 donttreadupon yeah. it' in the air. someth will sure happen soon.
you look pretti terribl in pink insultingmovi
slaveryofspeech mass media are help govern to hide the truth. they bia inform
it' us against the establishment! We can't lose the fight! 
nobl deed that are conceal are most esteemed.  – blais pascal
obama: trump' doom-and-gloom doesn't match realiti  polit |  
boston red sox on to 2016
thingsyoucantignor refugg in europ thi is the pari underground 
"saudi arabia ha 100,000 empti tent with ac for 3 million peopl – they’v taken zero refuge islamkil brussel"
you'll never find the right thing if you don't let go of the wrong ones.
trump’ illeg immigr deportation: LA to fight back!  
not a singl american flag at dncconvent what is it? A convent for illeg only? demsinphilli 
trump bash big money in polit but hire ex-citizen unit chief who push for it 
harrisburg reject trump' 'war zone' line: pennsylvania’ capit citi said donald trump made “an unfortunat... 
"when you'r happy, you enjoy the music but when you'r sad, you understand the lyrics."
rejecteddebatetop your favorit medicin 
other citi also suffer from polic cruelti fergusonrememb
"islamkil s***, thi is to scary. prayforbrussel  stopislam"
death toll in haiti is now up to 264 people‼️reason: 20k were live in tent b/c hillari stole earthquak relief… 
"trump: ""our compass must be for our american citizens.""trumpaz "
Do you believ in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?
dnc staffer expos for make fun of black woman’ name in wikileak email 
"clinton say trump give 'aid, comfort' to isi recruit "
"trump chang immigr speech after mexican president' tweet, report say "
so accurate!
ishouldgetamedalfor be and do me!! who care about what they all say? I don't!!! lolz!
"compassion, tolerance, forgiv and a sens of self-disciplin are qualiti that help us lead our daili live with a calm mind."
"whatev you do, just don't vote for trump, usa today say "
blackfish fishtv midnight
friend are welcom mybedroomin3word 
whatihatein5word  rt to promot own hashtag
the closer the elect the more money trump and hillari spend  on advertis 
"find someon that' worth your time, your smiles, and your laughter."
honorforthebrav the polic offic are the bravest men ever 
unityin5words👇paid seat filler at demsinphilly! 
tldrjone Do you have a proof trump support did it?
"the latest: ryan: trump is ""much more disciplined"" "
washington: muslim “refugee” who rape grade-school girl flee to dubai day befor trial 
thank to heroic veteran who serv our great country!happi veteransday! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
"Ye that' funnyflorida audienc burst into laughter at debat when former governor charli crist say ""hillari is… "
the presid we were wait for so long!makeamericagreatagain 
gonewiththeoscar onli propagandist movi win!
obamalegaci the most raceb presid ever. 
clinton: 242trump: 243makeamericagreatagain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
jeb bush seem to be lucki for awkward moment as hi brother 2016elect
"lösten ""fake news"" katar-kris aus? "
benefitsofadopt you learn soon that cite proverb in a convers is not alway a good idea 
realdonaldtrump true words!!!!
realdonaldtrump woodcarma there were mani peopl who said the same thing but. I hope it still isn't too late for action.
i'm so sorri that young peopl like you don't understand obviou thing 
"our age of anxieti is, in great part, the result of tri to do today' job with yesterday' tools!  – marshal mcluhan"
.ivankatrump: “mi father say what he mean and he mean what he says. that’ veri rare in politics.” 
seit drei jahren wurd die krim ein vollständig teil von russland geworden. putin wird sein territorien niemals… 
I like jeb bush caus he is against war jebwecan iloveobama
.bobbyjindal: 'we'v got to support our polic officers. we'v got to say these are heroes.'rt if you agre 
"hospitalizations, irrevers brain damage, and hundr of death that' what vaccin caus vaccinateu"
her mom say 9/11 wa our faultsh break the law and threaten nation securityh husband is a creepguess whuma i'm talk about
"award becom corroded, friend gather no dust. -jess owen"
cia pay Al qaeda our taxes!!! taxesforalqaeda
"you know that thing where peopl say ""I never thought someth like thi would happen here? I get it now sanbernardino pray…"
trump is my presid offendeveryonein4word
georg soro who sent instruct via hillarysemail on how to organis riot - is now hillary' top donor at $13m 
“it’ a great day for work peopl all across the unit state of america.” – mike penc on the carrier deal. 
myfarewellwordswouldb i'm not with her 
"let show the world america is 1 by support trumpbecaus we will make america stronger, more prosperous, and respect again 💅🏻👙👨🏻"
pitt basketbal sign 6’9 transfer forward  news
little_jo_r norleansdaili agre
"fashionsong midnight"""
My dream is to visit all the countri in the world! 🇯🇵🇰🇷🇩🇪🇨🇳🇫🇷🇪🇸🇮🇹🇷🇺🇬🇧
konrad_jeff can you provid someth more suffici than just insult to state and then prove your actual point?
ruinadinnerinonephras who is your favorit kardashian?
"embjournalist water resourc in american fall are in danger becaus of phosphorus, is it right?"
ihaveadreamthat one day idiot on social media will shut up about their insignific problem and let my children live i…
with you ani state is perfect perfectstatein5word
spiritcook hillaryindict voodoofest corruptsystem hillaryforprison2016 billclintonisarapist lyingcrooked… trumpforpresid
otherthingstodoin6second burp the alphabet
"""I wanna hold your handbag"
islamkil prayforbrussel i send all of my love to those affect pleas tri to stay safe brussel
our current govern prefer to help everyon except it own citizens! 
"jbarro they are have fun, come on!"
food food food food easterin4word
trump say He prevent cruz be 'ripped' off stage in cleveland  polit
polit is to human natur what warmth is to wax.
wearhoodiefortrayvon he wa just an innoc boy who wa kill by polic 
I can order a big mac at kfc. whyimgangsta
not surpris that whitehous wasn't lit up blue today for lawenforcementappreciationday but here in texa we L… 
the bbc IS balanc  offendeveryonein4word
arab muslim persian gulf sheik gave hillari clinton more than $100m to buy influenc 
t-bone cowtv midnight
wanna more terrorism? hungri for explosions?vot hillary!she' the best candid for you! 
"hediedfunni lol, she' not pornstar"
"messenger: In st. louis, purg elect board commission is long tradit  polit"
they deem me mad becaus I will not sell my day for gold
obama: rig elect is 'conspiraci theori and ridiculous'li to whole nation even after dncleak disgrace! 
benefitsofadopt selfright whine about how cruel thi hashtag is
"sehr gut fr. merkel, ich find auch da solch menschen hart bestraft werden sollten"
I need a chow chow puppi  in my life 
electiondayin5word make sure that evil win 
thingsnottomicrowav your boyfriend
Is it go to be everi year now? oscarhasnocolor
sometim I look on the protestersarecrimin hashtag just to find peopl to add to the block list.
pre-deb bombshell: tim kain said hillari should face charg for mishandl emails!debatenight  debates2016 
renamemillionwomenmarch the lone cat ladi march
OH I m crying!!! 
"well, there' one thing. they can't order me to stop dreaming. –cinderella"
you brain on liber propaganda: feminist now call for raping. liberallog 
We need to limit gun sale among crimin nogunsforcrimin 
my4wordnewyearsresolut 85 kg in 6 month @ zheleznodorozhni 
gop Up for grab | polit cartoon | a.f. branco  pjnet tcot ccot 
self pleasur thingspeopleontwitterlik 
baltimorepost creep
imagin is everything. It is the preview of life' come attractions.  – albert einstein
"trump’ deport plan: garcetti hope to calm ‘anxious, afraid, confused’ LA studen...  "
"the three eldest children of necessity: god, the world and love."
"террористы ИГ в иракском мосуле вновь используют детей для казни мужчин, обвинённых в шпионаже "
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedic my whole life to thi art.
trump aid brookov fired: donald trump aid Ed brookov wa fire by the campaign on monday in what two so... 
brussel islamkil can peopl just accept it? I mean that author have zero control especiali over islamist?
sorry. don't speak for gun control. I don't control myself. prayers4california
polic is the way our govern protect us honorforthebrav
allenwest he gave her the right answer!
conserv are realli tri to save our countri gopdebatesc
"kforlatt dunno, never smell one 😂"
reasonstogetdivorc becaus she wouldn't stop take my wallet 
I can't stop laugh 
isi on rise
I don’t rli know who I am
"penc talk jobs, tax cuts, in ashland ralli "
"reallifemagicspel ""do I look fat?"" - use by girlfriend to fish for a compliment. the counter spell is ""yes, let brea…"
"mikecrapo american fall got a water polution, who is to blame for it?"
clinton talk job and tour breweri  news |  
mynewcatchphrasei god fuck damn it.
arm white live matter protest barricad naacp offic in houston. 
tylermoland knowladgeispwr pictur don't have anyth to do with vet suicid rate. thi one onli depict their heroic past!
"To roast a mockingbird"""
clinton caution against draw conclus on the new york explos befor fact are in  polit
obama plan to creat world' largest marin protect area 
"four missouri gov candid head into expensive, acrimoni elect day  polit"
"sevodream whi is it ""unconstitutional""? becaus cnn told you so?"
realdonaldtrump tedcruz thank you donald trump! We love you!
happyindependenceday To travel is to live
father surpris hi daughter when he come to her school after be releas from prison. hi daughter hasn't seen h…
"analysis: trump need debat reset, instead rile gop "
donald trump on san diego polic shooting: 'it is onli get worse' 
alec baldwin is win in new ‘snl’ role as donald trump  news
"here is jewish bomb-threat suspect, juan thompson with hillari clinton!"
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot f 
".richardgrenell: ""what we should'v done with that $400m is given it to the victim of iran' terrorism."" "
"hillari ha a whole troll army, but fail woefulli at game of trolling.wait she also suck at everything. "
clinton: trump health alleg a 'wacki strategy' 
aye_itsdev jk highschooltaughtm thag no obstacle/person could stop my friend
istartcryingwhen I have to vote between trump and hillari
AP fact check: trump doesn't back up rig elect charg 
when everyon is delud by the msm agenda and too scare of be call racist onli courag one dare to speak up… 
the world is fu* crazy! 
"clinton campaign chairman: sander ""went a long way"" to uni...  |  "
how I met your sister sledg addabandtoatvshow
donnabrivera i'm wonder if there will ever be an indict
syria damascu | isi religi polic dole out public flog and execut in palestinian refuge camp… 
the bad newsi bear addamovieruinamovi midnight
soro is spread violenc and fear to chang the elect result with obama and hillari silent support it… 
thingsyoucantignor your wife or else.....
MT terigright: next prez could have four scotu appointments! I trust 2 appoint justices!  cruzcrew pjnet
the second amend right to bear arm in a way that will save lives.  prayers4california
great pic!  blacksfortrumptrumptrain 
wanna tri to tell him american histori is racist and offend the black population? teaparti patriot confeder 
ihatepokemongobecaus my friend don't want to have fun without pokemon go pokemongo
niyakenni had never heard of the school-to-prison pipelin until it came to her classroom. blacklivesmatt 
the differ between who you are and who you want TO BE is the work you put in. iamonfir
A lot of men and women sacrif their live to protect our right to vote. honor them today!  electionday vote
"We either make ourselv miserable, or we make ourselv strong. the amount of work is the same.  – carlo castaneda"
"connect the dots, support 2A "
feder judg block obama' transgend bathroom direct 
go osu !
donald trump ha huge support from women!deb debatenight 
seanwrite007 who said I can't? If you don't think it' funni then go ahead - get trigger and find a safe space. don't bother me
whi is everyon OK with that? imagin what she'll do if elected! hillaryforprison2016  
thai king' death will not affect elect timeline: media  world news
"race tightening, trump goe hard after ‘obamacare’  news"
publicists: oscars:   complet coverag of blackactor scandal marcypolanco blacktwitt 
"who said that trump cancel rallies?? trump ralli in arizona, great crowds, great energy!trumpaz "
obama say trump 'unfit' for presid  polit
doe shark tank count
iknewweweredoom when the apprentic premier on TV
obama need isi to pump mid east oil!goodnightisi
If you keep yourself out of the game for fear of lose there aint no way on earth you are gonna win.
ceo at democrat nation committe resigns. too bad it won't end total corrupt within dnc hillary4prison
it' fascin how 50 year of democrat failur that they get away with promot more of the same nonsense! demdebatemiami
"tim kain step up surrog duty, ted strickland step in it: ohio polit roundup  polit"
angela merkel ist mein kanzlerin merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
"the color green star oprah"""
midnight japanamovi debbi doe godzilla
survivalguidetothanksgiv 
ask bob beatty: how effect wa trump pre-debate?  news
poor black have been vote democrat for year but they'r still poor..thegophasbecom the parti of change! 
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann rncincl "
topvideo clinton tie trump to 'alt-right' movement 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word shawn peter raul mend 
clinton say trump anti-i strength is “phony”  news
"carp (bad buoys, bad buoys...)  fishtv midnight"
first it’ polygami next it’ sharia law 
moonshin kingdom redneckamovi midnight
my2017biggesthop No more 'hope' in polit slogans. doesn't realli work
my4wordnewyearsresolut eat more chocol doughnut
dure trump' tribut to the widow of navi seal william owen
noivad mseric definit not 😄😄
got math issu ?  pleas RT to save a life  iamonfir
realli fast change! 
"mood of all black peopl right now, who get assault everi day "
blm alway cri about polic be brutal. stop commit crime and polic won’t be brutal with you honorforthebrav
you can neither win nor lose if you don't run the race
trump: democrat have 'fail and betrayed' african-american  polit
tecat lampoon trump’ ‘wall’ in new beer advertis campaign  polit
american black support donald trump! RT if you want to make liber mad!😏 
"pay more tax is not a demonstr of patriotism, exercis freedom is. tcot pjnet"
sexyhorror rosemary' booti
"citi incom need to be increased, so municip judj decid to issu more expens ticket for ferguson resid policecolor"
ihaveadreamthat i’ll find my parent
donald trump tour louisiana flood damag as campaign reel from shakeup 
nach brand in western city: löscharbeiten dauern weiter an 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm dont go for scienc stream. you dont belong there.
"think trump, clinton fall flat? vote for cat in the hat  polit"
"vckomara420 so, we should be appeas them? Is that what you suggest? work out great for europ"
trump: profit will Be repatri with 10% tax  polit
polit day 4: live updat from the gop convent in cleveland
nyc ‘trump tombstone’ on display after polic confisc it 
figur von merkel vereinbart jeden von un und deswegen ist sie un wert! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
donald trump suggest presidenti debat are rig against him: polit extra  polit
"donald trump: ""the suprem court - it' what it' all about. it' just so imper that we have the right justices."" debatenight debat"
the scariest part of thi commerci is whatev that green shit is 
unitedhealth ceo regret enter obamacar
racist are angri over beyonc perform at cmaawards50 nsfw languag 
maniamaiden thi guy is a genius!
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A suit made of raw meat in a grizzli bear preserve.

hillari clinton' new problem  polit |  
thingsdonebymistak feed of 10k syrian refuge instead of take care of 50k homeless veteran 
childrenthinkthat these guy are real 
fact check: trump blast kain for syrian refuge plan  polit
day 4 of gop convention: cnn vet the claim  polit
elliosch it` danger to deal with these crazi iranians!
the sunset thingsyoucantignor
"again, happi independenceday and goodnight! "
the latest:  trump attorney say wife work legal in 1995 
"""the art of war-m"
donald trump tour louisiana flood damag as campaign reel from shakeup  polit
nocybercensorship cuz it onli block content that goe against the will of the leader 
clinton to meet with black live matter activist in cleveland  polit
politweec Sf is alright!
whi A vote for hillaryclinton Is A wast vote dem imwithh berniesand gop maga trumppence16 trumptrain ht… trumpforpresid
martian luther king jr. manhunt addcartoonstohistori
"mtv new host ira goe full racist on jeff sessions’ granddaughter. In case you miss thi disgust tweet, here it is. spr…"
ever tried. ever failed. No matter. tri again. fail again. fail better.  – samuel beckett
what is wrong with me? all that I wanna be is through with you
onli democrat believ the media is unbiased...howtoconfuseamillenni 
thank to all the black newspap for keep us in touch blackpressday 
"""right now I realli love myself. really."
trump complet climb to gop presidenti nomine  polit
onlin petit want To label the black live matter As A ‘terrorist group’ 
giftideasforpolitician twitter and hashtag game
i`ll get one!!! 
mccain suggest gop would oppos clinton suprem court pick  news
"reallifemagicspel ""grab 'em by the pussy"" - onli billionair can unlock thi spell"
"makemehateyouinonephras be nice to my aunt agatha, she' visit us tonight "
sexysport high hump or long hump midnight
"kendrasback well, I don't mean you comment. and, yes, you'r right. it' just a joke, so what?"
"🚨 donald trump: ""let' secur our border. let' stop the drug &amp; the crime from pour into our country."" trumpaz "
"same story, same reason, same result. doe our govern learn from mistakes? gunviolenceoregon"
Do you know where I could buy some digniti and self respect?  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
happythanksgivingev everyon ! wednesdaywisdom stbarth islandlif stbart stbarth island iamthankfulfor… 
howtoloseyourjob step one:sleep the entir time step two:wait till your boss get there 
A video releas by isi show fighter carri out a mass execut by behead syrian rebels… 
« the advantag of a bad memori is that one enjoy sever time the same good thing for the first time. » nietzsc
".megynkelly: ""today less than 1 in 3 of american say they have 'some trust' in mass media."" "
"I think it' reason enough to listen to the sheriff, all right? So I do as he advis me to do. guns4ni"
freihandelsabkommen ttip wird unser wirtschaft bereichern merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
yes! 
"now, I even don`t have to get up to take out garbage! "
muslim spit in texa cop' facedo you realli believ we should let more of these scumbag into america? 
six flag duh betteralternativetodeb 
"thingstoknowabouttwitt ""troll"" is overus and no longer offens as they overrun shit!"
islamkil I use to live in brussel like 6 month ago and all of my famili and friend are still there... prayforbrussel
like the kind of coincid when you let refuge flood in your countri and then becom european capit of rape?… 
that chick ha mud in the crack of her ass! 
"charliecalley63 what doe hitler to do with thi anyway? thi talk is fruitless unless you can prove your word with facts, capish?"
.chrisharrisjr is on fire! 
"they never learn. they can onli ""educate"" other on their retard agenda trumppresid "
I request all indian to go out and vote tomorrow.  trumppence16 trumpforpresid 
trump nato attack trash 70 year of foreign policy: donald trump trash seven decad of u.s. po...  break
5 человек найдены мертвыми после взлома серверов национального комитета партии демократов 
sjw or ctr are spam our hotlin w/ bs and unrel stuff keep folk away from report elect fraud. what a pity. electionday
myemmynominationwouldb procrastin of the year
tuesdaymotiv the onli limit is you traveltuesday beinspir anzacday conspiracysong felizmart breakfre today
realdonaldtrump right!
"topnew trump will accept elect result if it' fair, hi son say"
die cdu deutschland steht für die freiheitlich und rechtsstaatlich demokrati merkelmussbleiben
"""I wish obama would be as nasti with enemi as he is with citizen who simpli disagre with him."" ~ dennisdmz "
okay first 9 peopl to follow and RT get a follow back! iamonfir
trump start ad in wisconsin as clinton lead grow  news
"songmakesmetearup ""mr. bojangles""  the nitti gritti dirt band 1970"
gopdeb i'm proud of the fact that the republican parti is the pro-lif parti on the issu of life vegasgopdeb
lifewouldbebetterif it wa easier)
sometimestwittermakesm rememb I know less than 140 charact in my life.
midnight star and bar war redneckamovi
"nice one, berniefeelthebern "
new US eye opener: dozen arrest in baltimor as polic clear defiant crowd (cb news) 
loooool 
ihatepokemongobecaus I can't feel my leg after play it 
"the fbi even said themselv that there is no way we can vet all these syrianrefugees. just say ""no!"" islamkil brussel"
social media domin by mention of trump in wash U debat 
howtoloseyourjob flirt with boss' young trophi wife
blacktwitt blackhistorymonth  
hillaryclinton silent major is for realdonaldtrump! 
how do you think?poll: nation is head in... 
all the peopl I care about in thi world are be wads.
thai king' death will not affect elect timeline: media  news
"haiti to hold presidenti elect in november, after storm delay  world news"
clinton’ tradit convent plan disrupt by dnc email scandal  news
"trump: ""the singl greatest achiev in the career of hillaryclinton will be get out of these problems."" "
everyth you need to know about georg soro is that he' sponsor blm who kill policemenso it goe 
hillaryclinton where are you!
act better! oscarhasnocolor oscar
honorforthebrav nationalpoliceweek is the best idea ever! polic live matter as much as all other live
ohio gov. john kasich to join presid barack obama in bipartisan push to promot tpp deal  polit
timmyforefing awww
hillary' new campaign logo from ben garrison!hillarysbodydoubl 
reasonsiaintinarelationship peopl ignor god valu in a relationship yet expect godli result
redneckamovi midnight the moonshin
nach der attack von außenminist gabriel gegen kanzlerin merkel schießt csu-generalsekretär scharf zurück
"easterin4word food, food is everywher"
addcartoonstohistori hey benedict arnold
"trump’ refus to accept 2016 result threaten american democracy, gop and dem warn  news"
Is irand = death to america? 
"hour after it is announced, clinton postpon charlott visit at mayor’ request  polit"
loser quit when they'r tired. winner quit when they'v won. –unknown
demndeb what’ the name of the girl in the last cypher????th fake donald “I like black girls” trump demdeb ht…
betteralternativetodeb good old orgi
associ press botch hillari clinton report and respons  polit
"obama: “here in the us, we are bless with muslim communities…"" I don't want such a blessing! "
"how wa thi attack even possible? It wa a gun free zone, the shooter should'v seen that and turn back  prayers4…"
"trumpbecaus yes, ye and yes!!! donaldtrumpforpresident!!! 😃😂😅"
Do more for the world than it doe for you.
worstpaineverin3word - outof control heart
A third of cleveland polic will have gop convent duties!rncincl 
breakingnew blacklivesmatt justiceformariowood mariowood sanfrancisco sanfranciscoshoot sfpd bayview 
"detroit resid speak out against the fail polici of obama, hillari &amp; democratsimgoingtomissobamabecaus "
more import than freedom of speech is good govern and thi is sad slaveryofspeech
I think support hillari after all her crime is a definit of deplorablebasketofdeplor 
i'm just happi to be real in the world that' mad fake  – fabol
"kain attacks, penc fight back in VP debat  news"
reasonstoleaveeu when I visit europ I want to die there is so annoy
"taxesforalqaeda I don't want MY money to be spent on these useless wars! I want proper education, healthcare, etc!"
"secondhandgift a ""donat ha been made in your name"" card"
2017survivaltip don't kill gorilla ripharamb
terrencesterl wa ride hi motorcycl when he wa shot and kill by police. 
politweec billbramhal realdonaldtrump I think trump could win the elect
and: rubio = amnesti  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  We need cruz!  
"'if donald trump owe anybodi an apology, how come hillari doesn't owe the whole countri an apology?'~ newt gingrich "
that' what they realli needtcot pjnet 
"what I realli want to say to davidduchovni and gilliana, too shi"
let be toler to lgbt! retweet! ahuls prayforgay 
olymp scold: clinton cite rio game to hit trump  via news |  
If you care about futur of our countri you will never vote for corrupt hillari clinton wakeupamerica 
pretti ugli woman insultingmovi
'all throughout europ a new realiti is rising: entir muslim neighborhoods..' ~ geert wilder 
mybedroomin3word where i'm going.  good night tweeps! some of us work for a living.
songmakesmetearup paper heart by tori kelli
"and love can come to everyone, the best thing in life are free."
it' just about statist noth more. Be awar of hillary. 
break news! syrian refuge are terrorists! islamkil
"eric trump asks, ""what product did the clinton sell to make their $150 million?""that' an easi question: usa "
"pope to give 4 speech in english in us, rest in spanish"
"ohay gozaimasu, vietnam! japanamovi midnight"
fbi review new email in hillari clinton server scandal 
worldvideo it’ a girl! royal babi no. 2 ha arriv (wall street journal) 
ppl like morrison bridg shoot suspect creat a pattern but blacklivesmatt activist wouldn't stop blame wh… 
just imagin how gunman could be among protest if shoot wa far from crowd? copswillbecop
staywok chrismartin
march for trump. thi is happen right now at trump tower ny! 
"rickspark I don't have to do it, how can't you understand? I don't care what you'r saying, i'm laugh my ass off right now. U r a fail"
eggplant emoji  thingspeopleontwitterlik
I need a chow chow puppi  in my life 
"pant on fire, cruz in cleveland and deleg impressions: 5 storylin from the street at rnc day 3  polit"
"huh, they'll never accept they did someth wrong, cop be cop "
question is are you bozo smart enough to feel stupid love rap
"one of the thingstoknowabouttwitter, is that it can be your worst enemi if you have a tempera like trump. hey trump, st…"
"what hillari clinton' pneumonia diagnosi means, medic speak  polit"
"guten morgen, mein freunde! ich wünsche euch einen sonnigen mittwoch 😘 "
trump visit flood-ravag louisiana ahead of obama  break
theteapartynew 2a secondammend gunsens guncontrol 
"caus I just shit on the mic, and like get cut love rap"
"anoth demdeb today, but what for? We all know that trump will win the race demdebatemiami "
bill clinton on foundation: 'there is noth wrong'  polit
that' how kkk group realli look nowaday 
world day against cybercensorship. say nocybercensorship 
jay Z is bring the stori of a young man who spent three year on riker' island without ever be convict of… 
trump free zone mybedroomin3word
thi is what they don't get about realdonaldtrump.h is a man of the people!and the peopl will get him to wh. 
bullet trump rehab as asia quicken 'failing' war on drug  news
don't stop believing... hold on to that feeling.
"noth is perman in thi wick world, not even our troubles. - charl chaplin iamonfir"
£240000 reward to catch ashley madison hacker
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump hey there. how' the futur presid doing? 💍💞
what a good use of tuition
💣 breaking!!!!! 💣‘calibr error’ chang gop vote to dem in illinoi countypathetic. hillari play extreme… 
hillari clinton believ in white supremacy. the onli racist here it' her corrupt lie politician hillarysemail 
"MT sonomachristian: 'father, bring truth. bring justice. let your kingdom come.' ccot  renewu pjnet"
"obama describ the muslim immigr as ""women &amp; children""r cross: 72% are men of fight age. typic oboomer. "
realdonaldtrump We love you! and can't wait to c you in the wh!!!!
trump on cruz: rnc audienc 'would have rip him off the stage': donald trump ha one regret about walk ... 
"today trump wa in california, now he is in mexico then he will be in arizona rally. high energi president! "
"you will never see thi pic on the nightli news!spread, please! "
MT texasshebandit: wakeupamerica - gov't ha NO right to impos guncontrol. support cosproject.  pjnet
tofeelbetteri drink a huge glass of wine
hillaryclinton you'r go to jail hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
trump' 1995 tax return releas  polit
anoth confirm that hillaryclinton is the biggest liar ever! tcot pjnet 
"merkel will, dass die menschen ihr träume verwirklichen merkelmussbleiben"
break : poll show black vote for trump is doubl romney’ vote  
"destini is not a matter of chance, it is a matter of choic"
"If the suprem court approv gay marriage, it will be becaus of the polit of the situation, not equal gaylovematt"
how do they cri and stay pretti in movies. when I cri I look like a monster
"gold medal aren’t realli made of gold. they’r made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy call gut"
"""the roastbook"
florida black support trump!   blacksfortrump trumppence16 americafirst maga  trumpforpresid
"clinton, mcmullin may upset trump in utah, monmouth poll show  polit"
bobbi seal wa a co-found with huey P. newton of the black panther party. they studi togeth at merritt colle… 
Is thi how it end for donald trump?  news
realdonaldtrump bye obama 
"how the gop lost arab-american voters: In 2000, arab-american were a sought-aft gop constituency. now, in ... "
whi the media never ask hillari whi she made million sell off 20% of US uranium to russia? that' treason 
u.s. elect wrap: debat miss hamper johnson’ altern pitch  polit
"what happen in the past, is in the past. but don't be surpris if it come back and haunt you."
neither of them is good enough to becom our presid demdeb demdebatemiami
watch 'captain america: civil war'  betteralternativetodeb
I can’t believ it! texasjihad 
balloon  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
watch da video all the way thru. pay attent around :55 an tell me wtf U heard her say to these kids.… 
alanamorgan24 how cute
happyindependenceday I don’t want the drug and gay marriages. I want independence!
riesig flammen lodern auf der bühne: rund 22.000 festival-besuch evakuiert tomorrowland 
thi man got hoops! what a dunk! (the guy in the back with a white t-shirt) bruh sportsworld basketbal 
better get me my medicin rap
NY assemblywoman claudia tenney: hillaryclinton ‘destroyed’ new york as senator; imagin what she’d do to country… 
topvideo trump say border polic fear clinton' immigr plan 
"putin and trump talk on phone and agre to improv ties, kremlin say"
victori 
gun law should be tighten gunviolenceoregon
allwentwrongwhen  I realiz peopl are full of shit
We should thank him for show us thi is not true. not everyon deserv representationmakeamericagreatagain 
"mtnmermaid618 yes, it' ok. you can find pictur of bush and obama not hold hand to heart. also american flag is protect by law"
thi is one of the greatest hashtag twitter will have problematickidsshow
deutschlandfunk - dlf24 nachrichten vertieft detailseit 
We support the brave men and women in uniform who serv and protect everi day lawenforcementappreciationday 
trump say he'll Be 'veri restrained' with social media use  
clinton bring in gore as closer on climat chang 
"mr. mime, I choos you.  cancelplansin5word"
electionday and i'm hope hillari is head for the big hous instead of the white hous hillaryforprison trumpforpresid
ffrnn classroom law giant loophol IN obamacare.. selfinsurance.. studi here..  pjnet tcot
ami schumer issu sarcast apolog over trump comment  news
igetdepressedwhen I see anyon younger than me
mississippi deleg give obama dress to new york museum  news
h.r. vapenstuf problematickidsshow midnight
iknewweweredoom the moment they hire david goyer to write the justiceleagu movie.
former kkk member convict in kill 4 black children is up for parole. blacklivesmatt  
religionofpeac work 
whi is clinton allow to speak on anyth about finances? becaus she' paid off? imnotwithh useless panderingforvotesnotequ
i'll run for potu next elect
you know that  carson is go to school’em son  gopdeb vegasgopdeb
what will you do if there is a dinosaur in the hallway?! 
I am tri to walk/drive/shop/bike/l here. get out of my fuck way with your fuck stupid pokémon you fuck!   #…
trump endors by polic group expos divid among rank  news
Is trump tri to muddi hi immigr policy?  polit
"gop to kick off convention; trump to make visit: trump provid the first surpris of the week, ann...  break"
"nocybercensorship it' onli you, who decid what to post"
really? thi is what it' come to? where our pride as an one unit peopl to do what' right and protect our water… 
No airtim for nation secur at demdeb demdebatemiami
donald trump call for congression term limit to end ‘cycl of corruption’  polit
trump propos valu test for would-b immigr in fiery...  |  
jenn_abram He is the onli candid who tell truth about polit correctness! No time for thi bullshit!
watch hillari clinton' full speech at the 2016 dnc  polit
yes. hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
podestaemail tell us that they are gonna use illegals' votes. you just show up with your driver' licens and att… 
fbi found 15k hillari clinton emails. also new abedin email leaks. corrupt clinton! hillaryemail hillaryshuma 
"A sea of american at trump' ralli in selma, nc!realli a huge crowd that you will never see at a crook hillary… "
happi birthday realbencarsonkeep fight for america! 
trump and tax could figur into pennsylvania senat debat 
"wa tire as shit from work , still did edibl"
offendeveryonein4word cat walk model fake
you are in charg of how you feel.
maga 🇺🇸 
clinton aid didn't write libya memo 2016elect
"obama had to be perfect, trump can be whatev he want 🤔🤔🤔 "
topnew obama say new black histori museum tell stori of america
"spd will soli abschaffen und „reichensteuer“ einführen. da kann man ""steuerpopulismus"" nennen 😂 steuerkonzept "
khizr M. khan ha support the supremaci of islam law over the veri constitut he champion 
clinton step Up outreach to black voter in north carolina  polit
martha stewart went to jail for lie to the fbi one time  hillari clinton did it - 39 timespodestaemails10… 
doe that flame help anything? 
yall see the illuminati push the gay agenda with all thi rainbow stuff? superbowl50 staywok
hey! enjoy mycampaignslogan w/ us 😋 trivagod ursiba a_spidurr lisamiklojachak weepingcheeto tjla_zheng chris_kokos…
"MT sonomachristian: 'father, bring truth. bring justice. let your kingdom come.' ccot  renewu pjnet"
I suppos obama will mention the rooseveltfieldmal accid and blaim the gun again gardencityshoot
parents: it' your decis parents: *make decis for you*
If you oppos amnesti it probabl becaus you fear minor
"review: In an obama biopic, the audac of hagiography?  news |  "
ireallylikeyoubut I am a fuckboy
obama say u.s. is prepar to lift myanmar sanction 'soon'  world news
jeb bush websit come with 'die hard' surpris 2016elect
foxnew potu trump!
the lion king henri viii addcartoonstohistori
NO music = NO life.
I just have some word for you. I won't argu w/ youyou are not deserv it. one anoth racist asshole. malia obama 
latino stand w/ trump! but the media will never show this! spread online! 
"somedayidliketose myself deeply, madly, ridicul in love (cat excluded)!"
"""you can’t expect, vote for the lesser evil everi four years, for thing to get better."""
mass media in 2017 tcot pjnet 
when the system is reaaaaaaaaalli bias! 
convict killer in new york prison break on third escap attempt 
"If you can’t be critic for it, it’ probabl not remarkable. are you devot yourself to someth devoid of criticism? – unknown"
No wait in aisl five. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
harold and kumar Go To sam' club for free sampl budgetmovi midnight
the walk grate dead addabandtoatvshow
"компьютерные системы, используемые клинтон, были взломаны, и, судя по всему, это русские "
2016electionin3word I am offend
the releas email of colin powel sent to hillari clinton 
ivanka trump upload photo of two son amid call for boycott over her collect  
"brussel imagin how hard it would be to success vet syrianrefuge who have all ""lost"" their document islamkil"
polit justic skeptic of redefin marriag
"i'm glad to present to you, the most brilliant polit ad of 2016folks, spread it around like wildfire! "
"donald trump, evangelicals, peter thiel, and a cultur shi...  |  "
the onli thing hillari clinton can't cough up is the truthhillaryforprison
whatiwantforchristmasin4word 5 second of summer
lean tower of trump 
mounti python' fli circu maketvshowscanadian
"there is a land of the live and a land of the dead and the bridg is love, the onli survival, the onli meaning."
long line greet voter in morn on elect day  
happybirthdayharrytruman are you be the chang you want to see in your world? 
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy"" "
 impressive!
schwarzerkater5 kann man ander gründen sein? 😝
"you'r gay, don't stay closeted, most peopl know anyway. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
 beyonc fact
donald trump: countri from which immigr will be suspend will includ place like syria and libya.trumpaz 
dog eat it poop. watch onlin free searchesgoogleisashamedof
midnight cent and scent hillbilli  redneckamovi
midnight conspiracysong don't stop believ it wa bush
"Is there a reason to hate us? If you'r an idiot, it is.teapartynew theteaparti polit "

wa ist da lo in köln? So ein starker regen?! gewitt unwett nrw 
A beauti coupl share the same christian &amp; famili valu as donald trump! trumpacandi brangelina 
"back in 1984, when iraq look like the futur "
thingsthatshouldbecensor my f-----g tweet
excellent! 
"presid obama head to louisiana, polit follow close behind  news"
If you still not sure whi realdonaldtrump wonmakeamericagreatagain 
happybirthdayharrytruman! that’ who realli made america great! 
friendshipin5word you know where the fridg is
everyon ha one' own path.
must see: dame helenmirren now ha the best anti-drunk-driv psa  ccot wakeupamerica
gop lawmak ask offici to answer question on nsa chief 
the way forward may not be to go forward - think outsid the box! – david quessenberri iamonfir
the rise and fall of the fourth reich onewordoffbook midnight
gig and juic robothiphop midnight
demdeb buffett give stamp OF approv TO clinton  demdebatemiami
we becom slave as soon as we loos our freedom to speak what we think slaveryofspeech
niedersachsen' ministerpräsid weil will rasch neuwahlen 
Is there a hope that they could adjust to our culture? 
"charliecalley63 miraclechild mainstream media did, you dummi"
pimp my trump 
can hillari clinton ignit enthusiasm among millenni voters?  polit
I am a damsel. I am in distress. I can handl this. have a nice day. –megara (hercules)
see how msm lie to you!scranton 
iknewweweredoom when the moon turn to blood 
idrunforpresidentif there were no other countri to deal with
"oculu founder support trump, feel backlash  tech"
thingstobeashamedof  be more concern about the famili at 1600 pennsylvania ave. then about the famili under your own…
"when life knock you down, don't immedi stand up again. take a nap first.  rulesforeverydayliv"
neither do I. 
the onli thing these idiot resist is common sens 
hillaryclinton wanna rise $10 for your campaign?
trumpbecaus sometim by lose a battl you find a new way to win the war makeamericagreatagain 👰🏿👰🏿👩‍👩‍👦‍👦
hypocrisi in america is beyond limits. 
bc2dc16 nativeflwoman jahrulz247 pjnet makethecal cindysda donna_geoff guthrie_lian retweeetthi RT  
"onewordoffmoviequot midnight well, punk, do ya feel yucky? "
communist commi pastor of china' first christian megachurch jailed: communist offici...  uniteblu tcot :-(
obama’ over: what’ On these paper prove trump wa right about obama!  
demdeb is the greatest comedi i'v ever seen demdebatemiami
"bueti die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel"
never care for what the know. but i know 
engag your love one in a debat about the recent election. stand back and watch the bloodsh survivalguidetothanksgiv
let berni explain whi hillari lost. presidenttrump 
that' such a sexi song 
I think peopl ask author to save them from polic lawless and they weren’t heard! baltimoreriot  baltimorevsrac
strage a sanbernardino in california  prayers4california
"michael brown' mother appear at democrat nation convention, prompt polic ire  polit"
nein zu afd
the sisterhood of the travel implant californiamovi midnight
.googl know howtoloseyourjob and what about you? share your idea with giselleevn 
trump say student-loan plan come like in earli septemb  polit
"ich mag link nicht, aber es ist richtig meinung"
the internet ha question about mari J. blige sing to hillari clinton 
trump comment prompt congresswoman to share assault stori 
- B. howard - dancefloor  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
"get in the car, hit the pedal once!"
trumpbecaus he’ right about hillari 🙈👈🏿
icelebratetrumpwith be okay 
If you don't like countri music... I don't know what you'r do with your life.
"huge line today at trump ralli in high point, nc..keep rting b/c the media will never report on this!… "
obama reject trump depict of u.s. in crisi  polit
clinton pick up key iowa endors on way to the fair
ihaveadreamthat I will final pay off all my student loan and start make money just for myself
"hillari clinton, barbara mikulski to speak tonight at democrat convent "
"say ""mi tweet are my own"" thingspeopleontwitterlik"
"you tire of traveling, so you destroy your time machine. then your dog, brian, die and you can't save him. timetravelerproblem midnight"
muslim celebr as hillaryclinton offici win democrat nomination.demsinphilli demconvent 
wooow  there is no safeti food in NY ani more. kochfarm usda foodpoison
"cын дональда трампа проголосовал, угадайте, за кого! electionday vote2016 "
reallifemagicspel literallu hitleru - let you make your opinion unheard by other
"anti-nuclear novic win japan election, blow to nuclear restart  news"
It is good to have an end to journey toward
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari indian food
navel lint excav betteralternativetodeb
hillari fail all over the world. that' her legacy...deb 
record close on trump' fail bid for kansa citi casino 
"you know the joke about ""it wa better before"" but in america it' the reality. It wa actual much better before. "
ihavearighttoknow who just use that bathroom 
hillari is run for emperor 😂trumppence2016 
sextingwentwrongwhen you'r more hungri than horni 
Is it worth reading? nogunsforcrimin 
baltimorepost nobli
prayer for the personnel of naval medic center san diego
obama: it' import sasha and malia' dad Is a feminist  polit
leak show clinton inner circl grappl with email issu  news
islamkil If you think that take refuge is a good idea then i'd realli re-evalu my life. stopislam
jurass pumpkinhead addamovieruinamovi midnight 
"I Am cuba, I said. addasongruinamovi"
🚨breaking!🚨mi6 spi found dead in bag in bath had hack clinton data 
MT sdv92: time to chang govt. not americans.  cosproject pjnet
"rep. keith ellison, a top candid to lead dnc, suggest ‘vision’ more import than...  "
RT if you neither 
"love is take a few step backward, mayb even more, to give way to the happi of the person you love. –pooh"
'the daili show' dissect donald trump' attempt To win black ...  |  
.kellyannepol call out merylstreep for not mention disabl teen tortur live on fb.goldenglob 
fortun sun. earthdaysong
No liber bullshit anymore!
"singl white beach whale summeramovi midnight"""
thetroublewithaddict 
wit for the perspir summeramovi midnight
igetdepressedwhen I delet my tweets.
topnew icahn to close trump taj mahal casino in atlant citi at summer' end
doesnt say much for twitter...(imo) whoiskimkardashian getalif tgdn ccot ctot 
trumpbecaus i'm vote trump2016 😝
rubio is the child of illeg and as such is inelig to be potu or vpotus. gop tcot pjnet
where the wild thing Is midnight redneckamovi
whoa! chri mathew just lost It On air &amp; say someth that’ll make trump cheer!  
donald trump’ lack Of support among black voter isn’t unu...  |  
let me introduc you a guy who think that you can sue the unit state of america for not get enough vote to… 
the view on our elect from other countries: 
islamkil gorgeoushay_ bruxel prayforbrussel
"clinton' immigr plan could help economi more than trump's, most economist say "
disarm yourself is a capitulation! 2A tcot 
I can't stop laughing! 
An old john kasich troll of donald trump get new life  |  
proud to be a patriot! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa salutetheflag elections2016 nobama 
meangirlsrul don't even think about wear white shoe with blue jean and a shirt 😒 
shouldbeallowedatwork room of punish for the boss
how to look bust at work even if you'r not thingsnottaughtatschool 
"topvideo trump: ""everybody' fine"" after pence' plane skid off runway "
"remedi your deficiencies, and your merit will take care of themselv quot true"
trump rocks!!!!!trump rocks!!!!!trump rocks!!!!!trump rocks!!!!!debatenight debat
"rip, fidel castrogood communist - dead communist "
"stonedcomicbook midnight ""the ash"" he' everywhere, in fact probabl where you just sat"
wildfir consum entir town in northern california
midnight can't pet this.dogsong
"don't tri to excus your action by ""give republican their own medicine"". unlik you we respect our constitution… "
jaredwyand pleas help! twitter lock me out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k+ follow for be pro-trump! 
islamkil you are a worthless potu whi do you hate america and love terrorist don't veto a bill to screen syrian stopislam
anti-trump republican mount independ presidenti bid 
imagin and fiction make up more than three-quart of our real life.
rev. jess jackson to campaign for clinton at vcu 
mani a true word is spoken in jest
biden on trump: ‘he would have love stalin’ 
2016electionin3word watch america fall
retweet if you are certain that donald trump will beat hillari and becom the 45th presid of the unit states!🇺🇸 
"jenn_abram haha, that' funni"
poll: clinton' lead grow in virginia 
stopislam islamkil i'm not say all syrian refuge are terrorists. but I do see the potenti for a few more to sneak in
philippin scrambl to sooth tension after insult to obama  world news
"know who the duplicit ""prolife"" crowd truli are! tcot teaparti ccot hypocrit p2 "
"onc laud as a peacemaker, obama’ tenur fraught with war  news"
perhap the best hillari burn in millleni speak in the blacklivesmatt blackdncresist march dncinphl 
merkel hält brexit für unumkehrbar 
abschiebung von terror-gefährdern mit grundgesetz vereinbar. absolut richtig entscheid! 
what donald trump and other get wrong about 'sanctuari cities'  polit
electionday eleccioneseeuu2016 neverhillari  trumpforpresid
breath hold contest betteralternativetodeb
mike penc shouldn't listen to lgbt members! prayforgay
"In endors clinton, ex-cia chief say putin made trump hi 'unwit agent'  polit"
the littl engin that could even onewordoffbook midnight
leaked: sander want to get plane in exchang for back clinton! dncchecklist  
« Do not weep
don’t believ the garbag u read! pundit keep say trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the… 
jade doesn`t love her! 
election2016 trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
somebodi help him!! 
john_verhoef wcj22151 how mani christian do liter follow the bibl and how mani muslim do liter follow the koran?
narrat people' lives: At the park! 📖 (I guess it' true! xd) 
"obama propos putin a ""final offer"" on syria "
"while even  poll show trump is ahead hillary, cnn won't shut up about how she' leading, sm… "
how I clean your litter. cattv midnight
ffrnn wakingup TO tyranni cnn poll: support for stricter gun control fade pjnet wethepeopl  2A guncontrol
"trump support rise to 44%, clinton unchang at 46%: abc/wapo  polit"
who won the debat ?
"unitedstatesin3word sex, drugs, rock-n-rol"
greatestfear hillari clinton win 
luke: I Am your feather  onewordoffmoviequot midnight
todolistbeforechristma buy as much wine as I can
"I don't care if it' 1am, 2am 3am, or 4am. If you call and I care about you... I will answer. ☺️"
obama give lift to italy' renzi with state dinner  world news
nein zu afd girlstalkselfi
"cnn add word ""racial"" to trump quot that he didn't actual say! shame!boycottcnn "
"ventur to mexico, trump defend right to build huge wall "
texa Ag commission sid miller call hillari clinton c-word on twitter 
demndeb We are no such fool as you think demdeb 
whenitimetravel my mother forc me to let my littl brother tag along.
10 thing you didn’t know about hillari clinton  news
thingstobeashamedof be scare to speak openli and honestli to my neighbour when they are upto no good. turn blind eye to wrongdoer
the US militari is seek to send addit 500 new troop to iraq ahead of a much-anticip campaign to reta… 
"clinton, ex-beauti queen respond to trump' insult  news "
there is a leak of phosphoru on the territori of former phosphoru plant! can't beliv my ears!! phosphorusdisast
muslim execut 25 peopl by lower them in a vat of nitric acid!but msm keep say they are peaceful! 
black vote matter: gop urg trump to tri and reach black voters. I am surpris they still hope for something...😒 
when celebr campaign against presidentelectdonaldjtrump on my TV 
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot f 
thingsyoucantignor siriusxm
today it’ georg washington’ birthday! happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
".realdonaldtrump: ""you have 1.8 million who are dead who are regist to vote. and some of them absolut vote.… "
my2017resolut more selfies!
good thing happen! makeamericagreatagain 
".mike_pence: ""obamacar is liter disintegr befor our eyes.""obamacareinthreeword "
islamkil the media must denigr isi at all level or youth will continu to be drawn to it.  stopislam
faith isn’t alway a comfort.
crack and field midnight oneletteroffsport hashtagwar
"sheriff clark is right, obama creat aggress toward polic within 7 year of hi presidency. "
when a song describ exactli how you feel and you just blast and keep repeat it.
dies bastler... 😂😂😂 schoeneberg 
surveymonkey: elect poll point to a clinton win  polit
mustbeban sasha obama the fisherman
don't judg too quickli 
3wordsbetterthanilovey you love Me
"move on, liberalsh IS your presidentth best presid you could ever imaginemaga "
marathong sexysport midnight
So the racist were dream of make america white again... welcom the new administrati…  
thingspeopleontwitterlik drama. veri dramat drama.
islamistheproblem  wat gebeurt er allema
"chicago blacks: ""obama will go down as the worst presid ever""spread thi import msg! "
anyth a comedian says..  offendeveryonein4word
"topnew trump use polici speech to attack media, promis to sue accus"
you make my day brighter
"pigeontoday of course, you must hire him! 😂😂😂"
type gymnastics. lik whn u hav a brllnt respn 2 tht jkass n u wnt shrten it but uhav 2 cram it n2 140 chractr thingspeopleontwitterlik
laura ingraham believ the movement that donaldtrump start is go to continu no matter the outcom of this… 
byjohnnicholson hello! wada wa hacked! thi account will self-destruct in a few hours! 
yeropinion you`r wrong! you claim racism while the biggest problem are crimin who undermin stabil of the country!
"boom💥 watch: mlk' niec endors trump: ""he can put america back to work, back to church, back to school!"" "
islamkil prayforbrussel :(
more life long dem refus to support hillari clinton! electionday vote 
jenn_abram see who' got the power?
trump: 'i'm happy' with refus to endors ryan: when it come to the prospect of republican not support ... 
fake women' right advocatehillaryforprison 
"I can't stand lies, so I turn my TV off tonight, don't watch demdeb demndeb"
polic worker are not guilti for those mad racists! copswillbecop
nation secur threatfbi warn clinton campaign last spring of cyberattack 
"for the record: gap narrows, plot thicken between clinton and trump  polit"
"wäre sie noch etwa jünger, aber sowieso merkelmussbleiben"
danc move that don't match the music pt. 1 jack and jack 
valentinesdayin3word I ❤️ dildo
"happybirthdayharrytruman it' may 8th, harri truman' birthday. also the end of wwii in europ "
"ireallylikeyoubut   you scream god' name dure sex, I wonder if you'r tri to remind him to punish you later?"
leaked: thi is what dem realli think of hispan and latinos! pl RT to make it viral! 
the real fast-track threat by dick morri   via 3tags_org pjnet
gmadscientist phantomnut hahaha lol
"donald trump: ""I will cancel everi illeg obamacar execut order. we'll cancel all fund to sanctuari cities.… "
lies..lies..lies..attract all the flies!deb trumpwon 
chrisgibsonnew have you heard about terribl violat by the simplot plant which lead to the phosphoru leakage?!
"trump spricht in warschau""polen ist da herz europas"" und in hamburg wird er da über deutschland sprechen? 😂😂😂"
horn_helmut welt die wichtigen fragen unser zeit!
"dncleaks: cost to be the US nation director of homeland security? $561,310 "
trumppence16 imvotingbecaus I know who they are  trumpforpresid
No one can like me the way I like myself reasonsiaintinarelationship
no. 4. look out! 
"clinton, trump tie ahead of gop convention: poll  polit"
idontneedacostumebecaus they are out of slutti costum of my size 😪
breaking🚨 histori made! first crimin to win a major party' nomination!demsinphillydemconvent 
whi soooooooo perfect? 
you'r a disgrac to america you let refuge in you are part of the problem islamkil  islamkil
thousand of sanfrancisco high school student walk out in protest of trump 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to grow up
forb headlin appar the french understand google' tax even less than the british: ...  uniteblu tcot
clinton’ hiv secret reveal  – thi could end hillary’ campaign! 
"small mous in a beauty world, alon again"
"My lil sister rememb today is vote day and she said "" i'm so scared, I hope it' not hillary"" hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
thiskaliefbrowderblacklivesmatt 
"prayers4california crimin will stop buy gun as soon as they’ll becom illegal? yeah, right"
reasonstoleaveeu liber
athleticstvshow denni the menac eckersley.
So true!tcot pjnet 
"clinton intensifi AZ push with allies, money  polit"
charl manson' famili guy. problematickidsshow
breaking: violenc break out at the anti-trump protest in nyc. america is sick of left wing chaos!
obama: world' biggest disappoint slaveryofspeech
trump is win NJ but the map show the state blue. wtf? electionday electionnight elections2016 maga NJ 
I think current US candid are the worst ever 
"US made $1.7 billion transfer to the lead state sponsor of terror 15 year after 9/11..to me, that' treason! "
spiritdance33 where have you seen all that? she look like a man
what' up w hillaryshealth? she' have major issues. neverhillari imnotwithh maga trumppenc america1st
chicago polic dismiss trump' claim that violenc could Be stop in a week  polit
now:clinton: trump 'clearli ha someth to hide' in hi tax returnstrump: clinton 'clearli ha someth to hide' in her health record
votetrump neverhillari election2016 trumpforpresid
brussel islamkil test the gates-syrian refuge head for usa nab south OF the border!
great show! 
meet beyonc gisel carter my4wordnewyearsresolut
heartbreaking: the son of fallen detroit polic sergeant ken steil salut from a polic cruiser at the funer (vi… 
.midnight stonedcomicbook hashtagwar 
presidenti elect is battl for the soul of america  news
MT lynnmarki: tedcruz vow to utterli destroy isi as commander-in-chief!  cruzcrew pjnet
it' unbeliev about how inspir sam is ☺ 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
todolistbeforechristma prepar my surpris face when i'll see the pair of sock that my grandma will gift me
ilove__butihate__  love ketchup hate catsup -- you cat-haters!  RT misstamerica30 I love ketchup but I hate tomato ilove__butihate__
survivalguidetothanksgiv avoid whiner 
"bondage, jame bondag  onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
"trump, gop look to ‘obamacare’ report as comeback lifelin  news"
but illeg immigr is still a problemmaga 
"boring, in which peopl hit each other in a complet uninterest way. oneletteroffsport midnight"
deutschland ist ein stark land merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday
georgian cast ballot in elect seen as test of stabil  news
demndeb how do we overcom racism if we don't talk about it? demdeb
analysis: whi are republican drop trump now? 
We want the truth!hillarysemail 
merkel hat viel problem in unserem land gelöst merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
email reveal hillaryclinton' shock ‘pay for play’ scheme 
obama free grandmoth of denver broncos' demaryiu thoma  polit
"breaking: clinton dem now publicli admit they are ""panicked""trump2016trumpyourself "
thetroublewithaddict is the sleepless night
"eh'd, eh'dd n' eh'ddi maketvshowscanadian"
gun control wouldn't end mass shootings.  prayers4california
you know when you love something. when you know you will never get bore do it or be with it or whatev
crookedhillari is an embarrass to the human 
We talk about our celebr while hillary' friend are arm to wipe off us all from the face of the earth! 
how trump and clinton can improv their busi credit score 
"oh, irony.. "
three alarm fire In mt. vernon  
amen lol 
"dishonest msm hide trump movement but we will break their propaganda!watch a new Ad ""movement"" &amp; spot yourself in… "
sound about right! trump2016hillaryforprison2016 
My famili is the most import thing in my life
blacktol | what doe trump’ victori say about america? by mosindef 
former ohio AG 'ashamed' of donald trump  news
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r vote for trump...
gma realalexjon realdonaldtrump mitt not run mediali riggedelect maga trumpforpresid
"one love, one heart, one destini"
"everyon see what you appear to be, few experi what you realli are."
trumpsfavoriteheadlin vladimir putin congratul trump on hi presid
To argu with a person who ha renounc the use of reason is like administ medicin to the dead.- pjnet
what is it with liberals' brain they alway end up with conclus like this? wakeupamerica 
survivalguidetothanksgiv skip all that thanksgiv stuff and jump right into black friday apocalyps 
songshannibalwoulds croissant-ey mari
No matter who U rtime to take yr star
wish peopl wouldn’t notic polic brutal dumbgeniewish
"black dalla cop sue black live matter, soro for incit race war. "
philippemuyt what' your opinion on thi one? doe wada realli take money for let athelet use doping? 
idontneedacostumebecaus I refus to pay attent to thi shit
laugh at a funni tweet then wish you'd of thought it! otherthingstodoin6second
shit go down in california  prayers4california
Of cours everyon forgot. time for reminder. 
texa deleg weigh in on melania trump speech controversi  |  
ich wünsche euch allen einen wunderschönen dienstagabend! 😘 
A new 50-state poll show whi clinton hold advantag over t...  |  
allwentwrongwhen obama becam usa presid
... 
makemusicreligi fight for your right to pray
thanksobama for blame everyon els in your own mistakes!
davi never listen to goliath til it wa too late. tvlifelessonsilearn
"If I don’t got two ball and a middl finger to throw up, i’m takin off both shoe and stickin each middl toe up. eminem"
giftideasforpolitician 'dumbass' bumper sticker
gop senator: 'I will not be vote for donald trump'  polit |  
earli vote expand monday In illinoi ahead Of elect 
3wordsbetterthanilovey  l got this.
If your tweet contain iamafeminist hashtag you'r a part of the problem 
foke donald trump jr. say dad' comment about sexual harass women are typic among men  foke
stonedcomicbook 
you'll be travel the road between who you think you are and who you can be. allow yourself to make the journey.
fascism mustbebanned.
harvard republican club say It reject trump: harvard crimson  polit
peac muslim beat pregnant woman to death!rememb hillari invit these mediev thug to america! 
crazi and horrible!! 
diddy: black peopl got ‘A littl bit shortchanged’ with obama presid 
donald trump deni connect between campaign cash and trump univers case: polit extra  polit
sometimesitsokto facepalm 
the day barack obama confirm that he is racist toward african-americans. 
I don't like peopl wear panti with my photo reasoniamnotasuperhero
"ulielischki die jugend verbindet die deutsch politik nur mit merkel-gestalt, ist es richtig so? jugendmitmerkel "
what I find disturb is our energi polici
I am not realli hillary' aide..th muslim brotherhood assign me as her handler!hillaryshuma 
"weedsillegalbut that will chang soon, unless you lazi buncha stoner don't go out and vote! free cheeto if you vote!"
"probabletrumpstweet """
thi video is hard to watch. nodapl protest are in the freez water as polic mace them. potu doesn't care 
"who say south korea"" mer outbreak""wake-up call"" as new case report"
corrupt at a higher level than we could have ever imagined! new projectverita video:  mass voter fraud
that moment you see someth hilari while drive 😂😂😂😂😂 
timetravelerproblem miss your kid becaus you bodyswerv their  arsehol sperm donor when you were 18
ashley madison hack: how mani british user did adulteri site realli have?
whippersnack nie acc)
"keep your grandmoth nearby. No matter the age, she' a valuabl weapon. survivalguidetothanksgiv"
pocatello water is poison you will freak out too!  phosphorusdisast  in american fall
the big still redneckamovi midnight
demdeb damndeb 
nra launch new anti-hillari clinton ad in ohio  polit
"michael savage: ""the onli peopl who don't want you to own gun are the peopl who want to own you!"""
trump expect to endors ryan friday  via news |  
"merkel' ""nein"" zu trump war unüberlegt und schädlichparisagr usa globalgladi"
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
kellyann conway take on toughest role yet: trump whisper  polit
"trump t-shirt attack grew from racially-charg verbal spat, report say"
ahaha funni girl 
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""so..wher do I find the plutonium aisl again? can't quit seem to get the flux capacitor to pass self test"""
"trump: ""I am look for judg that will respect the constitut of the unit states""deb"
educ white women won't let donald trump becom president: brent larkin  polit
wow! deray and potu plot against america for nearli 4.5 hours! So how mani plan for riots?! 
magic not happen mybedroomin3word
 freaky)))
onli 7% of german were nazi and we all rememb how it turn out. moder are irrelev religionofpeac 
crazi saler in store rob me! 25 cents!!!
... 
foke pier morgan: the night bill clinton and hi loos zipper let trump dodg the bullet  foke
It hurt when I peter parker midnight superoldhero
makesexawkwardin5word is thi the right hole? hope4everyon
"9/11 cut deep in trump, clinton campaign  polit"
более чем в 20 штатах замечены попытки взлома системы для регистрации избирателей 
"venezuela: staatsanwaltschaft ermittelt wegen wahlbetrug gegen maduro. link führen nur ""ehrliche"" wahlen durch!"
california tri new tactic to monitor water use by marijuana grower   via 3tags_org pjnet
"flippantflop out of fear of be call racists, obvious"
Is clinton unpopular surpris for you?it' realli obviou result 
i'm sorri for you 
fbi director &amp; state dep all tri to make hillari look less guilti they show onc again that she is abovethelaw… 
"veep debate: pence, kain make the case for top candid "
ich glaub ich muss in bett :) gute nacht mein lieben! 😘 
presidentelecttrump will end thi for good. 
"when you think thing can't get ani worse, look up! your father in heaven is reach down to you! godislov jesusdiedforyoutoo pjnet"
shitpost or voter fraud? 
clinton tri to blunt fallout from not disclos pneumonia 
thi is how american presid should look like!trump2016maga 
colin powel suggest me use privat emailcan't you hear the voices? 
boom! trump lead with military!trump - 49%hillari - 20%rncincl gopconvent makeamericasafeagain 
hillari clinton will get arrest when america see thi sick new proof of crimes…  
"breaking: donald trump invit mark geist, benghazi survivor to debate! great move!debatenight debates… "
thingspeopleontwitterlik sport ball
peter thiel: trump ha taught us thi year’ most import polit lesson
RT if you also think that paul ryan need to go! 
what doe obama said against muslim in usa 
realdonaldtrump democrat are dead. We are the futur of america now! makeamericagreatagain 
"trump, clinton, obama repsons to bombings: darci cartoon  polit"
don't call me. I won't call you mynewcatchphrasei
liter anything! trump2016 
"govs. branstad, brownback on trump’ agricultur advisori cmte  polit"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm IF MS mcneal keep fwu walk away dont rock her shit
hillari clinton: ‘we’ll fix it together’: former secretari of state becam the first femal candida...  break
topvideo trump vow to beef up u.s. cyber defens 
« there is no avoid war
разрыв между клинтон и трампом снизился до 3 пунктов 
presid obama To visit louisiana flood damag 
topvideo obama drink coconut water to cool down in lao 
wikileak releas more hillari clinton campaign emails: polit extra  polit
"icelebratetrumpwith my neighbors' fireworks. At 10 am, seriously?"
hillaryclinton makeamericagreatagain  trumpforpresid
yuug turnout for donald trump in henderson! but media pretend it' not newsworthy!trumptrain maga 
congression leader brief last year on dnc hack: reuter  polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut be nice about myself (for a chang
pleas keep up your fantast work.w support you!bluelivesmatt 
"beaver sell unoffici trump gear, say money for pac "
arizona primari election: time grow short to vote  polit
block a twitter troll becomingapro otherthingstodoin6second 
todolistbeforechristma buy a new jumper 
thi is all you need to know about liber 
"I brought you the greatest gift of all, a child laughter.  get your fill befor hi parent realiz he' miss  lastminutegifts2016"
suicid bomb the kasbah makemusicreligi
"hillary' climateofhate:""f—k thi flag"": anti-trump protest antagon vet daughter outsid DC hotel opening… "
"it' alway better to be piss by the truth than to be pleas by a lie. the truth hurt truly, but lie kill you softly. -"
flask. survivalguidetothanksgiv
what realli happen with trump’ cancel chicago rally? 
shtf: surviv antibiotics: clindamycin   via 3tags_org pjnet
"I wa at home in mountain view, CA (silicon valley) tend to morn ritual when I heard about the 9/11 terrorist attack.   my911stori"
Be kind.   Be thankful.  Be compassionate.  Be strong.  Be happy.   Be you!  rulesforeverydayliv
hrtablaz It never end with the corrupt clinton
it' their way to earn moneydo ani live matter in such case? Of cours nottcot pjnet 
i'm surround by ident crisi everywher I turn
your face when obama didn't interrupt hi vacat becaus of milwauke unrest but did it to campaign for clinton 
I have a veri bad feel about the deal! kerrydosmth
"dem don't care about you, they care for some illeg only!demsinphilli "
janfeddersen jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel
slaveryofspeech there is no more freedom of speech in america anymor
whi am I not surprised? 
you'r welcome!tcot pjnet 
"cnngetitright trump never ever said he wa against immigration. he' against illeg immigration, ok!? illeg is… "
trump say he 'got out' of stock market  polit |  
thingspeopleontwitterlik see the DM icon but not actual read it
remember: racism is taught 
black russian sabbath. drunkband midnight
"the strongest peopl aren't alway the peopl who win, but the peopl who don't give up when they lose"
air budweis redneckamovi midnight pointsm
global sucks. crookedhillari hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
none but ourselv can free our minds. -bob marley
"for hillari clinton, detail may doom econom messag  polit"
"putin say dnc hack wa public service, russia didn't do it "
free republic: 13hour and count To end Of hillary' candidaci   benghazi pjnet 999 
tofeelbetteri just take a giant dump so then I can eat more. then repeat the process.
"the superior man is modest in hi speech, but exce in hi actions.  – confuciu"
"donald trump to victim of illeg crimes: ""you'v been forc into the shadows. help is coming!""maga "
atheist group forc mississippi courthous To take down ten command  via dailycal rednationris
"ever wonder ""how to becom a polit prognosticator""??  . i'v got it figur out.  .  pjnet tcot ccot"
reptimwalz what do you think about immigr polici in europe? mayb they shouldn't have let those refuge in? stopislam islamkil
"the 9:01: wider question on big 12 bid, dnc beginning, pol...  |  "
I can't fix you and you don't want me true love
makemehateyouinonephras 'how your doing?' 
mexicans--&gt;texas: the shawshank redempt makeamovierud
gop congressman stand By argument that white peopl contri...  |  
sexysport  oakland panti raider  midnight
obama: 'we all have a role to play' in terror fight  polit
"overcam a low life statu to blow like gladys, ahead of my time like i live my whole life backward  – j.cole"
weari gop hope trump staff shake-up trigger new momentum 
lularo row row you'r boat fashionsong midnight
trump to air first gener elect ad in swing state  news |  
question of stamina: trump attack clinton’ health  polit
uselections2016 votetrump maga votetrumppence16 neverhillari lockherup draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
"you can stay in here and hope for a miracle, or you can get out there and make a miracl of your own. –lavern (hunchback of notr dame ii)"
"it' all about money for hillary! she love war, power, and money! evil criminal! maga   trumpforpresid"
thefirst100daystodolist care about our won countri
trump' 'rig election' claim reson with some gop poll worker in philli 
valut7 
2017survivaltip start believ in climat chang
"north carolina gop offic burned, graffiti spray nearbi "
trump stop hold high-dollar fundrais that were rais big cash for the gop  polit
silenc of the tri-lamda summeramovi
trumpsfavoriteheadlin cia: obama is the founder of isi
"VP pence: ""let me assur you, america' obamacar nightmar is about to end."" "
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
NY sheriff is right! conceal handgun deter crime guns4ni
san francisco weigh give condom to middl schooler  pjnet tcot ccot 
betteralternativetodeb watch superhero seri 
obama meet 110-year-old detroit woman believ to be oldest-liv veteran: presid barack obama ... …
"louisiana elect poll are less accur than others, lsu professor say  news"
you are what I want.
It would be so cool to be abl to see an album of all the pictur you’v accident photobomb in public iamonfir
imalwaysokwith you drink the kool aid first.
 kim kardashian' ice bucket challeng
"clever_dov oh, lol, it look like it' made out of cardboard"
".realdonaldtrump: ""we'r like the big bulli that keep get beat up."" trumpaz "
asylanträg werden schneller bearbeiten merkelmussbleiben
"race tightening, trump goe hard after ‘obamacare’  news"
heil hitler heil trumppence16  trumpforpresid
"longtim cia offici on trump: ""charact trait suggest he'd be poor, even danger commander-in-chief"" "
thingstodoinawaitingroom play angri bird.
humoritarian lmao
are you there sun?  makeabookwarm
susan B anthoni
wakeupamerica goodmorn goodmorningmessag bestrong bekind besmart evolve2016 
hillaryclinton ..convinc everybodi you can to get out and vote trump!
so... the panther just becam the lapd chase after the bronco in thi year super bowl? staywok
die bundesanwaltschaft hat die ermittlungen gegen den messer-attentät von hamburg übernommen. 
 like it!
"the media will never show you thi pic! blacks, white &amp; latino back trump! "
"awkward in the spotlight, kain a hit with donor in privat "
der tag war super schön und dies männer haben ihn noch besser gemacht 😊makehersmil weltfrauentag2017 berlin… 
"demdeb it' like a cheap sitcom, but with ugli charact demdebatemiami"
".judgenap: ""we know with near certainty... that foreign intellig agent hack hillari clinton' emails."" "
thingsnottaughtatschool how to chang a tire
tucker carlson get laurenduca (profession victim) to admit she think trump contradict her polit belief is…
the grill tree makeabookwarm midnight
superfriend with benefit problematickidsshow midnight 
It mean usa ust get rid of refuge asap prayforosu
"'I didn't vote, I wa disillusioned'do they even have a right to complain about the outcom they didn't even tri t… "
"drink wine, and kill time and sit in the summer sun"
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel  
"watch: ""hillari clinton is not up to the job.. she would be a disaster'' ~ mike huckabe RT if you think the same! "
obama face grow expect on race and policing... 
derrick rose - clinch crossov nbaballot 
the big three' compani athleticstvshow
date rumour of drake and serena william get fan excit
secondhandgift proof that the earth isn't flat
"If hillari is elect due to massiv voter fraud, dont't worry! fbi will investig it! "
skittl parent compani critic imag donald trump jr. tweet about syrian refuge  polit
114 colorado professor condemn donald trump' rhetor As ...  |  
here' the petit to remov vote machin own by soro from swing states! RT and spread it!… 
orphan black sabbath  addabandtoatvshow
austin polic chief 'sickened' by violent arrest of breaionkingblacklivesmatt 
excus me?i that an open war propaganda?  draftourdaught 
clinton camp smash fundrais record: $143 million in august  |  
"waitress make $3,600 in donat after receiv 'racist note.' "
iamthankfulfor you guys. :) without you guy I wouldn't ever Be happi I feel. TY guy So much for everyth even If you just likemytweets.
sickhillari spot attend operationtacobowl 
all scienc is either physic or stamp collecting.
blame hacker and russian for dncleak doesn't chang the fact that you'r all a bunch of cheats. 
potuslasttweet i’ll be back!
koehneisland leiif you'r refus to accept the result of the free democrat election. how seriou is that?
"“they are amaz people. amaz people,” donald trump say of the mexican americans! trumpenmexico "
rt_com today women were gift flower in time squar iwd2017 
teapartyexpress kevinnr poor our economy!
how can anybodi be for censorship of the internet? nocybercensorship 
otherthingstodoin6second  stuff a cooki in my face.
our hashtag game start in 7 minutes!
obama urg china to stop flex muscl over south china sea: cnn  news
abort is wrong! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america elections2016 nohillari 
.nettaaaaaaaa and deray are mainstream blacklivesmatter. globalthink 
trump promis chang in gettysburg speech: ‘ha to come from outsid our veri broken system’ 
2A glad we'r done with thi gun control bs! stick to your guns! 
donald trump tax return reportedli show $916 million loss in 1995  polit 
can donald trump recov from rough week?  news |  
"""journalism"" in america... "
dnc erect four-mil eight-foot tall fenc around philli convent site  
godzilla Of egypt japanamovi midnight
idontneedacostumebecaus 'trump' and 'clinton' costum are trend and I don't wanna be a part of that
rat racial tension midnight redneckamovi
It almost destroy the world but will now redeem it. thingstoknowabouttwitt
take a knee. rais fists. lock arms.
If you truli care about me or it is a lie  ihavearighttoknow
shove a peanut up your nose. otherthingstodoin6second
former va. senat john warner endors hillari clinton 
congo decid to delay elect to better prepare: kabila  news
pretti make-up 
draftourdaught 
video : judg jeanin say clinton foundat is “classic corruption” and hillari must go to jail… 
A daili remind that all news in the unit state are made by these 6 corpor 
hope. it' the onli thing stronger than fear. ihq
"On thi day 208 year ago the 16th presid of the unit states, abraham lincoln, wa born sundaymorn …"
teapartynew theteaparti polit 2a 
We need to know the truth releaseclintonsmedicalrecord
"""peopl were get news from other place [like] project_verita &amp; wikileak &amp;  see how corrupt dem parti &amp;… "
morocco say foil suicid attack plan for elect day  world news
"new AD ""after decad of lie and scandal, hillary' corrupt is close in."" maga vote trump "
rnc 2016: ted cruz boo after refus to back donald trump
the cost of obama famili vacations: 
rip mass shoot wont stop caus of gun control prayers4california
just imagin if hillari get elected... she will be dump on all americadraintheswamp 
6 inch of separ dickflick
hoch soll sie leben! drei mal hoch! merkelserfolg afd kann nicht dafür
trump campaign manager: A deport forc tbd  polit
"hillari spend $500,000 a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless veterans! "
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"
I hope bae doesn't text you back if you'r not watch right now. omg!
the walk deadheads: blaze pie stonedcomicbook
sometim it is not enough to do our best
MT jstines3: ted cruz walk the talk! A proven constitut conservative! trust tcot ccot  cruzcrew pjnet
"say less, Do more  my4wordnewyearsresolut"
hillari for america releas virtual campaign app: voter can now campaign for hillari clinton without even s... 
juju on that trump!  maga3x  maga  trump  trumppenc  jujuonthatbeat  politicalkathi 314iri … trumpforpresid
penc say gop ticket will 'absolutely' accept vote outcom 
".realdonaldtrump: ""imagin how much better our futur can be if we declar independ from the elites."" "
"you should never be surpris when someon treat you with respect, you should expect it"
".newtgingrich: ""donald J. trump is go to be the execut produc of a thing call the american govt."" "
everi american must burn UP phone line TO kill hr4269!   speakerryan 2A nra tcot pjnet cosproject   
I onli want to love you twice in my lifetime. that’ now and forever.
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart I heard they will make groceri 2.00 dollar cheaper
liber univers build “black only” live space to promot “scholarship”  tcot
my2017resolut may 2017 be more fuck yeah than fuck thi
rejecteddebatetop cat behavior 
donald trump make an appear on local airwav
очередное собрание сторонников трампа было прервано протестующими 
"davidbowier aliv again, please? whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
"dumberbroadway ""A funni thing happen On the wave To oahu."""
poll: who won monday’ presidenti debate?  news
purpleglass whi wouldn't I?
hillari you are liar! If you didn't bring muslim here they would be alive! orlando lgbt neverhillari banislam 
US soldier resist obama' support Of Al qaeda 
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....  tcot"
"I will not submit! I will protect my constitution, my country, my way of life!   cruzcrew tcot pjnet   "
twittercanbeabit annoy when you write a good tweet and then realiz there' a typo.
2016electionin3word made me insan
toavoidworki usual work harder than if i'd just done the work. 
"trust take year to build, second to break, and forev to repair."
Da daili vers
today in 1732 goerg washington wa born! happybirthdaygeorgewashington
thingsnottaughtatschool you'r not special snowflakes!
topvideo rival victori claim in u.s. VP debat 
tigerlilybit yup
maketvsexi golden shower girl
she realli support the deal  debat 
how delici is the win of a kiss at love' beginning? – thoma campbel
"ahead of the VP debate, a look at both men' vote record work "
black trump support smack down cnn rep. who accus trump of be racisttrumpiswithy 
".julieroginsky: ""what scare democrat more than anyth els - and should - is donald trump."" "
polizei sperrt g20-demonstranten grundlo ein  hamburg 
receiv a vaccin may be a polit issu vaccinateu
conspiracysong impost girl
obama alli cri foul over aetna snub 
regard hardcor henri addamovieruinamovi midnight
you never know how strong you are until be strong is the onli option left.
".ajplus: polic stop nodapl activist from reach sacr burial sites—with rubber bullets, tear ga and pepp… "
"muslim ""refugee"" caught abus thousand in welfar benefits. hi wife and daughter yell ""fuck america."" "
ain’t that the truth! tcot 2A 
global share fall as investor remain cautiou wakeupamerica tcot cruzcrew  
take off to the great white north and play maketvshowscanadian! here' kithonlin with some examples! …
bot II men robothiphop
trump and new team have littl time to execut new strategi 
demndeb My question for all presidenti debates: “would you be in favor of re-open the X files?” demdeb
i'v like you sinc I met you.
the latest: trump call gop leader 'naive' on voter fraud 
2017survivaltip rememb that chart are awesom 
songshannibalwoulds climb everi mountain (especi the pyrenees)
iknewweweredoom when we got a more progress
anni get your squirt gun dumberbroadway
breaking: new face at gop convent could shape party' futur 
it' like I got thi music in my mind sing 'it' gonna be alright'.
"""11% of american peopl say hillary' honest and trustworthy...sam poll found that 14% of american believ in big… "
"politweec huh, trump can even win, what r u talkin bout?"
donald trump and jeb bush to hold duel town hall
"republican tell trump to quit, billionair vow to press on "
"summeramovi """
"change, like healing, take time. - veronica roth"
who wore it better?rt for puglik for hillarynationaldogday 
"My new game, lotion, basket, hose... thingsinventedwhilehigh  "
oper zero footprint: the bombshel truth about benghazi?  whi obama is kill ppl to keep thi quiet pjnet
patriot guid to twitter here  tcot pjnet ccot
"first clinton-trump presidenti debate: what time, where to watch "
"abc I hope everyon who call trump a ""racist"" is a victim of a terror attack by a muslim. islamkil  islamkil"
attantion! 🚨🚨everi RT notifi jack that we want nero released! We stand with milo!freemilo! rncincl 
"dnc 2016: schedule, speakers, how to watch, what to expect from hillari clinton in philadelphia  polit"
My love ha got u So blind that u couldn't pick ami winehous out Of a line Up  – eminem
xlaeta  sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
greta i'd rather have a bottl in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.  imnotwithh hillaryforprison benghazi 
1 in 3 internet user doesn’t have free internet access! support nocybercensorship movement! 🚫
everyth you need to know on elect day  
naaaah hillari is fine 
who will win? realdonaldtrump or hillaryclinton ! usa2016 electionday hillaryforprison2016…  trumpforpresid
funni how these sign never say what these basic human right are that they’r supposedli lack 
Oh sweet kitti 
islamkil peopl who are worri that refuge are terrorist are do a great job stopislam
"A mother, a real mother, is the most wonder person in the world. –wendi (peter pan)"
whi is she mess hi own money with the economi of the whole country?  debat
childrenthinkthat they are not alon
gracielover24 then whi hi free speech didn't? look like hypocrisi to me
RT if you are certain that trump will beat hillari and becom the 45th presid of the unit states!🇺🇸… 
meet the first femal dictat wanna behillaryforprisontrump2016 
freiheit und sicherheit gehören für merkel zusammen merkelmussbleiben
piqu break some ankl 😳😳🔥🔥 goalazo 
I love it!!!  put ur electrifi trumppence16 sign next to hillaryforprison2016 ⬇ wethevot must…trumpforpresid
US media hide massiv obama/clinton coverup  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
"trump' minor outreach carri hidden agenda, strategist say  polit"
beingblacki tri to stop polic brutal
wherev I may rome makemusicreligi
lostin3word internet is down.
"the ""miner for trump"" ralli start now!marconi plaza (philly)steel plaza (pittsburgh) holi cross athlet cent… "
thingsnottaughtatschool think 
kany 's album wa origin call the life of ken bone kenbonefact midnight
"i'm with a spanish bitch, if she ain't fuckin adio  – lil wayn"
it' a man' best friend world  dogsong midnight
indiana gop tap holcomb to replac penc  polit |  
2 men face charg after drug bust In waterwork shop center park lot  news
former miss usa contestant: donald trump grope me 
charliecalley63 rememb this? 
"fbi director jame comey is now a kremlin stoog work with putin, trump &amp; assang to deni queen hillari her spot… "
spider-man love mari jane. midnight stonedcomicbook 
könntest du es denn besser machen? merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
mr. turbot fishtv midnight
clinton’ doctor say she’ ‘fit to serve’ 
arizona among state trump is scout for immigr speech  polit
 one direct  is love
messupaquot he unfit to serv hi fellow man seek to rule him -ludwig von miser -go ahead -i dare you to mess that up -true color
texa citi teen say she'll never forget 'ethereal' democrat convent moment 
topnew obama prais off-duti officer' action in minnesota attack
I will never stop trying. becaus when you find the one... you never give up.
"chri wallace: ""trump is almost more the presid than the presid is. We pay more attent to him than obama.""… "
fbi reopen investig into hillari clinton’ email server 
possibl problem elect day worri civil right advoc 
betteralternativetodeb compar bananas' dna to people'
"""2016electionin3word you chose presid"
lotsa catswoman superoldhero
mother of jail sailor: 'hold hillari to same standard as my son on classifi info'hillarysemail weinerg 
itzjaclyn liber agenda
"you'r a sexi guy, i'm a nice girl"
"michelleobama logic: If the guy is white and talk bad about women he' sexist. but if he' black, well, we must… "
crookedhillari ha more secur on her book tour than she provid to our diplomat in benghazi! 
"thi is sickening. hillari use the ""mental ill"" to incit violenc at trump rallies.freejulian birddogging… "
toavoidworki pretend to be sick.  told my boss I wa sleep with my sister.
"""we are just get started."" - yeah, we all rememb the great start 😂😂😂 "
they are superstar 
it' trending! reasonstogetdivorc 
"ok, your choice. but then your kid ha to stay at home. not you get a diseas and not to spread it vaccinateu"
break news:a guy climb up trump tower.. hillari fail to climb stairs😂😂 
" well, he` happy)"
watch out for earpiec activ tonight! debatenight debat debates2016 
st. loui citi elect board su to releas absente ballot record in 5th ward  polit
baltimorepost and it' great!
thi trump sign wa tamper with. the perfect response! buildthewal 
I am pissed! He ruin our country!
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann "
demndeb will you keep collect my person data? Or is it enough already? demdeb
itsunacceptableto have chicken nugget power and not use it for good 
new benghazi email lead directli to obama. hillari clinton and barack obama are criminals. save america from them!
govern report: 500k girl in u.s. at risk of genit mutilationstopislam  
I quit smoke 🚫
clinton end campaign with north carolina ralli  
hillari clinton said to releas 2015 tax thi week: cnbc  polit
"silicon valley throw big money at clinton, virtual noth at trump  polit"
trump: If we let hillary' cartel run thi govt histori will record that 2017 wa the year that america lost it in… 
leak email show dnc staffer keep close eye on tim canova' rise  polit
leak data cant be link to specif members: ashley madison
obama and putin meet in china amid struggl for syria deal 
"We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch."
"""top scienc guy"" claim that water is wet and conflict are caus by disagr "
everi girl’ dream! 
thanksnaruto for these amaz 15 years. It wa a worthwhil journey and will alway be a big part of my childhood.
demndeb will our govern stop send american dying? demdeb
palestinian split widen with govern set to quit
retireasongorband the 401k took My babi away
ski nake sexysport midnight
don’t like how polic treat you? stop be a crimin honorforthebrav
what a tasteless car)) 
 beautiful!
iamonfir that chick ha mud in the crack of her ass! 
trump learn about time travel midnight timetravelerproblem
alert🚨 WE need TO keep islam out OF american schools!rt🚨rt🚨rt🚨rt🚨rt! 
over 345 million muslim believ honor kill can be justified!and lib call these mediev barbarian peaceful?! 
man arrest for destroy trump' walk of fame star 
tim ryan ad to the democrat nation convent lineup on a big night for ohio speakers: the close night ...  cleveland polit
that' not what trump actual meant mynewcatchphrasei
"jjmicka Do you guy read the same book call ""common sens is overrated""? hitler did what he did not in the name of christ"
comedian stewart and colbert ecstat over donald trump presidenti bid
charliecalley63 miraclechild OK
"clinton ha big lead among jewish voters, websit report "
"islamkil prayforbrussel think about everyon in brussel right now, it' so sad to wake up with these news stopislam"
democrat are parasites! demdebatemiami 
"Be thank for everybodi in your life, good and bad, past and present. they all made you the person that you are today."
"lastminutegifts2016 A coupl of dust bunnies.  yes, i'm onli give you two, but of cours they multipli like ... y'know :)"
trumpbecaus no bull sh** in what he says! 😀😀
wow 
He flirt better than me… 
"ain't no war on drugs, it' a war on us. blacklivesmatt problack "
If onli all american had respect to our servicemen! obama’ administr definit lack it. 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
reasonstogetdivorc 
too bad we don’t have ani washington now happybirthdaygeorgewashington
midnight dogsong pupper-calafragilisticexpedalidoci
"I use to go hike earlier, I miss it! "
blacktwitt 
nogopno that' ok. hillary' got hi back trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
I bet msm will never cover dncleaks! let' spread it  online!berniesand 
mexico ha a 'conting plan' if trump win  
We are the new world order conspiracysong midnight
dapl protest 
'the principl of life that europ ha built on are in mortal danger.' ~ victor orban 
clever_dov what doe it have to do with politics???
realdonaldtrump it' actual get funni watch thi trainwreck crack up...a joke son 
cop who shot unarm black man said he fear be run over. i'm speechless... 
somedayidliketose neil diamond
obamaslegaci the onli accomplish america can be proud of 
everi time I hear a well-regul militia anti-gun argument2a concealedcarri 
nativ american activist grab by law enforc dure public testimony. they’v got absolut NO respect. 
clinton paus ad in virginia in sign of confidence: the campaign’ new televis ad buy consist of florid... 
leftist media now is basic an anti-presidenti campaign. good thing not all hollywood star fall for itnomine… 
cleveland polic union overwhelmingli endors trump for presidentdraintheswamp 
ilovehillari iloveobama third bush is too much! jebwecan clinton2016
"""isi threaten us today becaus of the decis hillari clinton ha made..."" ~ donald trump "
trump say he’ not flip-flop on immigr  news
"gaymarriag ssm 'gay cake' case: asher bakeri appeal discrimin decision: last year, a...  uniteblu tcot"
onmybirthdaycak not entir sincer congratul 
can't walk the line by johnni cash bar drunkband  midnight
trump to black voters: 'what the hell do you have to lose?' 
sean hanniti say fox colleagu megyn kelli back clinton  news
sometim I wonder what can be more disgust than laugh hillaryclinton. thi video deserv some rts.part 1. 
thorhildwidvey hello! I think wada ha some problem with money. can you comment on these shadow activities? 
I don’t care about legal law junkieu
"richmovies"""
ich lieb bundeskanzlerin angela merkel
"and I am go to hell for that one."""
when you read onli half of the quran 
dankdevil stonedcomicbook
"trump vow to protect, cherish christian valu  polit"
meet thi 'lovely' muslim woman who demand welfare! you will never see her demand to stop jihad!banislam 
everi girl ha that one guy whom her mother never like
merkel hat die rent mit 67 gemacht merkelmussbleiben
today we'll hear enough lie from her to build 10 walls! debatenight debat debates2016 
clinton campaign ramp Up chase for republican vote after trump stumbl  polit
when he' a piec of shit but you'r also a piec of shit so it work 
stopislam islamkil thi is serious get out hand! i'm so scare for the futur of my children! prayforbrussel
focu group:q: which candidate' perform had the greater impact on your vote?a: trump debatenight… 
muslim women: what liber think they look like vs the realiti 
be_free_prosp moonbelle9 theusresist It may shock you but black on black crime is real deal
reasonstoleaveeu  britain would do better outsid the eurozon
rob dyrdek' stream factori  fishtv midnight
labrador you dogsong midnight
rtifyouar protest everyth you don't like about thi life
lock her up!!  spiritcook lockherup maga  voteherdown imnotwithh  trumpforpresid
islamkil To my famili and the peopl of brussel stay safe! prayforbrussel stopislam
did jimmi fallon go too easi on donald trump?  polit
trumpbecaus illeg immigr is a real problem nobodi want to solv cuz of polit correct …
former DC school chancellor to meet with trump for cabinet  
bohemian blasphemi makemusicreligi
"demi lovato said ""i'm live with mental ill and i endors hillari clinton""pretti much self-explanatori demconvent demsinphilli"
the rnc open with ‘happi together’ in a tens atmospher  |  
man trap non-trump protest in revolv door of duquesn club 
european want to jail angela merkel for import million of muslims.th same fate await hillary.. 
i'v been practic a lot makesexawkwardin5word
igetdepressedwhen peopl get offend by thi tag
"fanofunknown like, totally, dude! On my way to a safe space right now, go to protest stewart tomorrow with friends... pfff! 😂"
retireasongorband I will alway love worther originals...... 
A word of truth: “we won’t vote for clinton” demonstration:  via youtub
sheriff joe arpaio' campaign tout strength of primari victori go into fall elect 
"one tradegi affect so mani others. when we unit they can't cover it, they have to take the respons antipolicebrutalityday"
spot in ohio 
potuslasttweet allahu akbar 
baltimorepost great win!
latinx student are alreadi feel the brunt of racist attacks.racismmustfal racism 
littl holstein cowtv midnight
"I just publish “treat the illness, not onli the symptoms” "
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" ~ revclbryant "
for how long are we go to argu on whose live matter? isn't it obviou that all live matter?godblessamerica 
video Of black man be arrest after walk On edina street goe viralthi would'v never happen To white pp… 
smaller protest greet donald trump in phoenix 
some free app  lastminutegifts2016
"thingsinventedwhilehigh ""the great gazoo"" "
that should be 1 thing that peopl think about when they vote in novemb crookedhillari neverhillari 
"when guy stop be assholes, i'll stop be a bitch."
ilove__butihate__  bang  that show where they theoris about bang
"i`v learn that you can keep going, long after you think you can`t"
donald jr. and eric trump left the countri on a hunt trip. 
maketvsexi   play home and away
breaking🚨ricky_vaughn99 ha been suspended!!!they know they can't win fairfreericki 
what did trump say thi time about kkk leader' support?
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
realdonaldtrump nytim isn't a media for peoplenobodi trust it
"instead of fight imaginari racism and oppress can you unit and ""resist"" islam radic which is a real t… "
kevinrkraus whi doe massmedia keep silenc about terrorist attack in texas? texasjihad
dog took over mybedroomin3word
voter condemn south african rule parti to worst elect outcom  world news
omg  thi can't be right foodpoison turkey kochfarm NY walmart usda  
hurri up and finish so we can watch clueless (oh-hooo!) love rap
correct me if i'm wrong but a commander-in-chief is suppos to do the opposit podestaemail 
stuppid nigga trump    mustbeban
трамп объявил себя безоговорочным победителем первых президентских дебатов  
"danageezu 50% someon want to marri me, 50% me want to marri someon 😄"
when u step on american soil u enter sharia-fre zone! rememb this! banislam neverhillarytrump2016 
mit merkel hat deutschland global ambitionen! merkelmussbleiben
obamalegaci pleas the terrorist instead of bomb them 
the mall of the wild onewordoffbook midnight
"everi time shit happens, someth way better come out of it. find the golden nugget in each shit pile whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm dont stop play the guitar
tofeelbetteri hug littl girl when I have pneumonia hillaryshealth 
'so insulting': trump fire back after clinton put hi backer in 'basket of deplorables'  polit
president-elect hillari clinton. whatiwantforchristmasin4word
happi nationalchocolatecupcakeday 
rip what' wrong with thi country?!?!?!  prayers4california
kaine: trump' action like waterg  polit |  
donald trump canton ralli to begin at 7 p.m. (live coverage)  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik pun running.
will donald trump' foe fold? will ani ohio republican speak? 5 thing i'm look for at the republican nation...  cleveland polit
plan to display trump statu could be put on hold 
ilove__butihate__ twitter (too easy)
peopl do not wish to appear foolish
"while radic muslim are busi behead christians, 'moderate' muslim entertain themselv by burn flags! "
An american werewolf in the silenc of the lamb addamovieruinamovi
stop give up the idea that the refuge are terrorist islamkil stopislam
imvotingbecaus it is time to rid washington of everyth clinton or bush maga trumpforpresid
"blacklivesmatt thug beat white grandmother, break her arm &amp; set her hous on fire..but zero coverag from msm! "
no doubt lol 
thingsyoucantignor An overflow toilet
A lot of activist die to get rid of segreg and now black peopl want it back 
thi is roof shop cart. 
jersey citi win $2.1m court victori against trump son-in-law 
"bush is such a shitti presid ,imagin if we had one that make him look great compar to him?imposs tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
"« intellig is the faculti of make artifici objects, especi tool to make tools. » henri bergson"
worldnew britain await royal birth as duchess kate goe into labor (reuters) 
thingsdonebymistak set my sister hair on fire.smh
3wordsbetterthanilovey want a blowjob?
"At trump taj mahal, it' trump mint and final check out "
what' a tweet? tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
wa macht melania trump in hamburg? sie ist so hüüüüüüübsch 😍
donald trump lead hillari clinton in the usc dornsife/lo angel time 
 hah! suddenly)
pagansexgod beard make everyon good look 😉 except for women...
igetdepressedwhen someon press me.... 
myemmynominationwouldb the world' most want fugit
He who' not busi be born is busi die
donald trump' campaign scout locat for saturday ralli  polit
bill clinton got million from world’ biggest sharia law educ firm 
"oh, bill... "
oneletteroffsport jugo! 
"""soro group""anti-trump chicago riot were a dnc operation. "
the onli person you are destin to becom is the person you decid to be.
stonedcomicbook doctor strang strain midnight
ajc at the dnc: kareem abdul jabbar’ big laugh line  |  
"moscow had contact with trump team dure campaign, russian diplomat say  "
"""frauen arbeiten mehr und bekommen weniger"" ich kenn männer, die wenig al ihr frauen bekommen..."
dnc day 2: clinton' histor nomin and other top moment  polit
guns4ni I agre to give up my gun if obama' bodyguard give up their
jame johnson drop the hammer! toronto raptor 
"latest trump comment on illeg immigration: ‘there’ no amnesty, but we work with them.’  polit"
lol 
civil right museum reject donald trump' vip visit request  
cruz rais reagan banner of bold colors! No pastel pablum!   wakeupamerica pjnet ccot tcot cruzcrew  
ihavearighttoknow whi I am not be given ani soup! 
"arab have enough money to build this👇, but they don't have enough money to take ani refugees!🤔 "
how would the tax plan of hillari clinton and donald trump affect you?  polit
hillary' plan to ruin americatak our gunsclaim islam is peacefulopen border for refugeesgreat work hillary! 
atdoshop(tm) femm multicouch flèche.. confort sensuel my4wordnewyearsresolut 
presid may offer nomine
"you know that thing where peopl say ""I never thought someth like thi would happen here? I get it now sanbernardino prayers4california"
islamkil prioriti -1.protect homeland. 2. veteran b4 refuge stopislam
I love thi song [journey]. and I love it when amateur sing the lyrics. but I hate basebal cards. - mayor adam west  ilove__butihate__
ping dong midnight sexysport
ishouldgetamedalfor have to deal with custom that ask 'i thi your onli menu?'   NO babe WE have A secret menu that you can't have
oliv stone: clinton 'scare me' and trump is 'too erratic'  |  
deport lolita redneckamovi midnight
toavoidworki enter the univers in anoth countri
debatequestionswewanttohear can you handl two e-mail account at the same time? 
i`m indiffer to marijuana. never even want to tri junkieu
"rust belt battle: clinton campaign race to keep ohio, pennsylvania from back trump:  "
“I spent week sexual harass siri” um… why? 
defend the cross from the muslim in chief wakeupamerica trump2016 
court deal setback to gop vote restrict in 3 state  news
sie hat verantwortungsbewusst einstellung zur arbeit merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
weedsillegalbut you can find it easier than cuban rum
"noth that wa said actual wa wrong, these gentlemen want aa better futur for america gopdebatesc"
It prove we made the right choice🇺🇸 makeamericagreatagain 
see it: donald support scale trump tower with suction cup 
hillaryforprison2016 trumppence16  trumpforpresid
"desoto woman’ obama dress turn heads, gain museum’ atte...  |  "
"donald trump win endors from 14 medal of honor recipients. hillari call 7 of them ""deplorables"" "
"new videoon the anniversari of 9/11, trump stand tall, hillari falls.hillaryhealth hillarycollaps "
topvideo philadelphia prep for democrat convent 
shouldbeallowedatwork good old fashion orgi 
"nutella taco selfi dick pic gif emojis, did I miss anything? thingspeopleontwitterlik"
clinton to donors: 'I wish so much I could be there'  polit
there'l be a lot of win for america becaus trump is winning. 
paul ryan prais kellyann conway for make donald trump' campaign 'more disciplined:' polit extra  polit
life long democrat &amp; hillari support sen mccaskil say she wouldn't let her daughter anywher near bill clinton!… 
makecelebscut demi more puppi   sometimestwittermakesm
"that` obama` fault, he had plenti of time to resolv the question with polic but prefer to do noth baltimorevsrac"
"senatorrisch water resourc in american fall are in danger becaus of phosphorus, is it right?"
ihavearighttoknow whi I think it' a great idea to call my ex bf when i'm drunk
donald trump jr. liken syrian refuge to poison skittl 
moo bad cowtv midnight
littlesatan1974 whi not?
trump to-do list: speech to lay out agenda for 1st 100 day 
donald trump jr. help strand black motorist in arizona. so... we have to be glad he didn't build a wall around h… 
clinton propos tax relief for famili with young kid 
"sander to trump: ""it' not what I meant when I wa talk about polit revolution."" 😂😂😂presidentelecttrump "
17 arrest in flag-burn mele outsid rnc  polit
"virtual realiti 3D glass origin bobovr Z4 , Z4 mini googl cardboard VR box   offendeveryonein4word larri"
thingstoknowabouttwitt just ignor realdonaldtrump and you'll be okay.
donald trump in mexico  |  
not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.–henri david thoreau
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari my ex who said ""it' not you it' me"""
In köln war es richtig herrlich! koelnerlicht hier kann man da schauen!  
keep up the worri donnabrazil pass it along to jaketapp
hall of lame  midnight oneletteroffsport
"songmakesmetearup ""not today"" by imaginedragon"
retweet if you think donald trump should be the first man on the sun
I will alway want you.
brussel each of the 1993 world trade center bomb terrorist wa an asylum seeker👉how'd that work out islamkil
roberts: penc work to overturn trump' media ban  polit
illy52 thi in itself is a huge joke! I just don't have word to describ the absurd of thi pictur
howard stern won’t air past donald trump interview  news
"""11% of american peopl say [hrc]' honest and trustworthy...sam poll found that 14% of american believ in bigfo… "
they just want to show other that ferguson citizen are danger but it’ not that way copswillbecop
reallifemagicspel adult cancelium - doesn't need ani explan tbh
ireallylikeyoubut i prefer my saniti
we'r happi to publish thi pic here! don't be asham of share your pics! god bless america! youth4trump 
2016electionin3word pray befor vote
trump win floridai believ usa know the name of it next presidentbut let' take time electionnight 
"ekindeligoez frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
realdonaldtrump pleas share far and wide thi statement come from our soldier who daili risk their live for us 
"No matter how far we may wander, texa linger within us! texit "
"check yourselves, libtardsmakeamericagreatagain "
breaking: hillari wa ask about emails!!! watch how she replied!!!
demdeb hillaryclinton joke 'I don't have horns'-abc. Oh ye u do. stophillari  demdebatemiami
love thi song! 
dumberbroadway midnight texa histori book hamilton
see ya in hell potuslasttweet
Be right! vote right! votetrump trump2016 
mike penc leav stage to hug 11-year-old whose father is termin ill.trump 
christmasaftermath a feel that someon is go to come to your place
"donald trump to host one of the largest town hall meet in mobile, AL"
you don't forget the face of the person who wa your last hope.  – suzann collin
"rudi giuliani talk donald trump in cleveland (q&amp;a, video)  polit"
she just need their votes. veteran can wait til she' done show off trumppence16 
"and whi hillaryrottenclinton is even ""eligible"" to run for potus, but for theclintoncrimecartel  trumpforpresid"

wonderbra woman problematickidsshow midnight
the potu must be a trustworthi person - someth hillari is clearli not! 
cool updat for the classic poster 
"for trump and gop, ‘obamacare’ repeal is complex and riski  "
"trump: ""a a republican, it is so nice to hear you cheer for what I just said.""rncincl"
break commun mourn 'veri dark day' after teen boy is arrest in fatal beat of 13-year-old sister 
christmasaftermath new resolut 
michel obama' passport may have been leak  polit 
giftideasforpolitician moustach 
"malcolm encourag racism and violence, he taught black peopl to be racist to the white peopl inmemoryofmalcolmx"
bring It On the dock of the bay addasongruinamovi midnight
trump remind earli voter in some state they can legal chang their vote from clinton to him  polit
clinton versu trump worstpaineverin3word
dnc blog: behind the scene from philadelphia  |  
"did you know? In 2013, obama dh releas more that 36,000 convict crimin aliens...   highcrim   tcot   "

conserv decri bradley cooper' dnc appear  celeb news
donald trump call comment about russia and clinton emails...  |  
trump launch nightli campaign broadcast via facebook live  polit
Hi hillary!i am exit to hear you announc the end of presidenti candidacy! 
"biden: 'if trump wins, i’ll extend a hand' "
washdconlin more peopl are go nutz
"hillari clinton again call patricia smith, benghazi victim’ mom, a liar. hillary4prison trumpindetroit "
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
it' aw that case like that r still take place in one of the most popular US cities… gun will help I think!2a gardencityshoot
donald trump would stop issu visa if screen were inadequ  polit
ladi marinad songshannibalwoulds
i'm just go to leav thi here 
"communist youth paint 42 cars, burn one in hamburgwhen you ruin other people' properti of jealousi instead of… "
i'm not sure how I got to thi side of youtub 
trump: I will appoint suprem court justic that will protect the second amendment! debat
brussel islamkil some terrorist abus refuge right to travel and commit suicid bomb or terror act
opposit of what the nativ american did.. No white meat!!    survivalguidetothanksgiv
"when peopl give you compliments, don't think too much about it. tomorrow they may forget what they say."
wake Up outdoor weekly. my4wordnewyearsresolut [start in may
"khan use hi famili tragedi to promot sharia and open border, so he easili found a place in clinton’ campaign. "
My 272.4 kilogram life maketvshowscanadian midnight
clinton lead trump by 9 ppt in new hampshir in cb new poll  polit
stonedcomicbook midnight   jughead get betti and veronica stone
what msm doesn't want you to see!rncincl 
florida black support trump!   blacksfortrump trumppence16 americafirst maga  trumpforpresid
hillaryclinton thebriefing2016 
3wordsbetterthanilovey i'm stupid
trump protest mugshot releas 😁 
thingsthatdisturbm men dress as sexi unicorns🦄
trump surrog say He wa defend himself vs. khan  polit
superoldhero the Am I invis man midnight
I feel just like that at my friend` car))) 
obama say clinton will 'finish the job'  polit
slaveryofspeech trust no one 
the latest: trump heap prais on republican chairman 
Ну вы поняли... 
$25 million settlement: president-elect trump settl univers lawsuit  
"goodwin: cnn, zucker prove nicknam 'clinton new network' is accuratevot trump "
My littl poni play maketvsexi
icantbeurfriendbecaus you ship larri and larri is dead sinc 2010 sorrynotsorri
touch by an anglerfish fishtv midnight 
"vaccinateu No question, vaccin work!"
vote for hillari mean accept and approv the fact the elit can get away with anything. trumppence16 
we'r gonna need a bigger goat. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
back to the fuji japanamovi midnight
they`r too hot! 
gari mayor: trump never deliv On promis Of new develop 
"As trump spectacl wind down, cleveland breath easier  news |  "
amen! tcot 2A 
"I rip and run on drug dealer like omar in the wire...   ok, not really. *cough*  whyimgangsta "
wishiwasatig yea :D
are you better off now than you were 8 year ago?  trumppence16 election2016  trumpforpresid
supremesacrificeday never forget hero of the nation
"gopdeb Of course,  At least they speak their mind about muslim threats, not team up with them! vegasgopdeb"
clinton’ VP choice: more harm than good 
"somedayidliketose life teach me to fish, but it keep hand me lemons."
"muslim are often offend by western valu but not offend by kid rapes, slaveri and beheadings..deb "
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
bill about hillary: 'sometimes… I wish We weren't married'gennif flower 
shorter obama speech pjnet tgdn tcot ccot rednationris teaparti lynhbt uniteright 
watch: refuge beat an elderli german man &amp; laugh about it..reminder: hillari admir germany’ immigr model 
what a great video of basketofdeplorables!y will never see thi on the nightli news!watch &amp; spread online! 
fallov boy drunkband midnight
ly when someon ask who you'r text whilst you'r on twitter. dailyteen
2016electionin3word 
and it' the best what could'v happen to me!makeamericagreatagain 
"you have no master, you'r a free womantcot pjnet "
west virginia vote trump!go donald!electionnight electionday ivot 
47 liter down summeramovi midnight
"viel menschen erleben gerad im sport, wa merkel gemeinsam mit menschen erreichen können.  merkelmussbleiben"
kain contradict clinton statement on abort fund  polit
gangsta' r2-d2 midnight robothiphop 
some achiv in yemen of hillary' partner saudi royal are terrorist time ha come : hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
what is happen to our country? whi should we alway be afraid of some middl east threat? texasjihad
fbi say it’ releas clinton e-mail investig document  polit
police: man beaten with crowbar for wear trump shirt  news
movies/films/hollywood:   [see comment section for recent updates] pjnet tcot tlot ccot lnyhbt waar
If you want to save our cultur you must vote against hillari clinton! she will do what merkel did to germani 
bright new day! 
what' the reason of be onlin on camping?
donald trump propos expand 'school choice' dure visit to cleveland charter school  polit
know your enemy! thi guy is behind the trumptape. 
"judg jeanine: ""the clinton foundat is noth more than a money launder oper that wa use as a slush f… "
john kasich vote monday for 2008 republican nomine john mccain instead of trump 
So who wa terencecrutcher?blacklivesmatt 
"thingspeopleontwitterlik trolling, appar"
"🚨break ""new hillari bombshel To drop next week"" ~ assang "
"'I wa a refugee,' say man whose photo of skittl wa use in trump jr.' anti-refuge tweet  break"
die cdu ist und bleibt ein volkspartei der mitte. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
mynewcatchphrasei shut your ass
hillari clinton campaign staffer On blm co-founder’ interview: ‘yuck’  
obama highlight climat progress at home befor journey ov...  |  
RT if you also think that wikileak ha done great servic for the american expos hillary' corruption!… 
dr. stone stonedcomicbook
whatev you do be sure it make you happy!
donald trump keep up media attack with mislead tweet about new york time  
johnkerri is confid u.s. and philippin can 'work through' dutert confus 
imtoooldfor shot 
slaveryofspeech isi is rise up becaus of inact of authorities!
Be patient
- pat benatar - We belong  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
"american histori Is glorious, messy, obama say at museum debut  polit"
"momin5word kind, caring, loving, wise, friend"
"outsid group rush to help clinton, trump, senat hope "
charisma is a fanci name given to the knack of give peopl your full attention.
"""clark kent state shoot"
someth psychedelic! 
morninggerald he is just handsome!
"mother of american kill in benghazi: ""I blame hillari clinton"" rncincl "
"after pari attack mani countri say, syrian refuge are not welcom anymor islamkil stopislam"
goptownhal ted cruz 8ft banner sign republican pjnet  nra republican 
"trump shift to right by tap sessions, pompeo, flynn  "
"""it' a shame that our father and mother are killed"" young girl weep over polic shoot at charlott meetin… "
true love through thick and thin.. forev
13 mal ohn führerschein erwischt – polizei nimmt mann da auto weg  via sternd
nice straw man. I just can't rememb him burn the american flag... first amend is not an excus for be a… 
emma stone spot wear hillari clinton pin  
but tri not to blow upreligionofpeac 
liberalhypocrisi i'm readi to risk safeti of american children just to prove i'm not racist. onc again: illeg immig…
No dakota access pipeline. whatiwantforchristmasin4word
whenitimetravel i'll honestli just go to a bunch of hollywood movi premieres.
freshman post a racist comment and wa expel from belmont univers kaepernickisright 
donald trump just dump ohio gop chief matt borges. here' whi that make littl sense.  polit
infin blaze: awaken makeabookwarm
mexico' presid contradict trump: I told him we won't pay for wall
"that' how hillary' campaign works: ""it doesn't matter what the friggin legal &amp; ethic peopl say, we need to wi… "
thingsinventedwhilehigh... trump' protect of women! muslims! gays! latinos! sorri sir! nobody' buy it!
weedsillegalbut trump' hair isn't. 
 I would like to go there too!
like it!! 
rand paul in irvin say republican must broaden appeal to minor 2016elect
you know that  I alway support repoublicans. At least they don't steal taxpayers' money vegasgopdeb
break video : undecid voter Go for trump!  
A prison cell. obviouslyaddhillarytoanyth  hillaryforprison2016 
foke hillari clinton choke up at ralli minut befor she' aid down set of stair  foke
tofeelbetteri eat chocol
kellyannepol reminder: clinton foundat is still under fbi investigation!
racism! 
I hate fight with the one person who make me smile the most.
icantbeurfriendbecaus your are a duffer
"the line ""you'r go to be a daddy....wil you take a dna test?"" thingsyoucantignor"
thingsicanneverresist post georg carlin' quotes. 
guten freitag-abend und toll wochenend mein lieben! heut ist internationalbeerday oder tagdesbier und da… 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldme. when your 30 you'll have the man and famili you alway want but you'll have to battl hard befor it all xx
screw all the
yummi 
giuliani emerg as favorit for trump' secretari of state  
humoritarian they'd better rule the countri then jerk their dick
funni how peopl protest after a fair elect but didn't when the dnc screw bernie.. 
"ohiosenategop water resourc in american fall are in danger becaus of phosphorus, is it right?"
A key to enjoy life is to find someth everi day to be thank for! ihq
".realdonaldtrump: ""we can't take as a countri four more year of obama."" "
foke hillari clinton goe to war with fbi director demand it explain new email probe  foke
"whenev you see a success business, someon onc made a courag decision."
milk bad midnight cowtv
man is tri to scale trump tower in nyc use suction cup  polit
princ wa a brilliant artist 😂 
2 marriag total 22 year of my life thingsdonebymistak
myfarewellwordswouldb femin is cancer 
waterislif rulesforeverydayliv
supercut: rnc day 3 in 3 minut  polit
"'an islam europ mean a europ without freedom and democracy, an econom wasteland..' ~ geert wilder "
".ericbolling: ""can you imagin the president-elect is under indictment?""vot trump! "
"clinton, trump decri latest polic shoot of black men "
clinton aid in leak emails: axelrod a 'headache' to be 'neutralized' 
stir mix A lot drunkband midnight
unter merkel wurd die deutsch und europäisch finanzkris gemeistert. merkelmussbleiben
driver use cardboard trump head in carpool lane  news
final out of mom' basement  comicconin5word midnight
just a dirti littl touch nice
"A river cut through rock, not becaus of it power, but becaus of it persist"
rip today ha been a sad day...prayforsanbernadino  prayers4california
philadper2014 flashmolli No one' screw until the elect day. take the last stand and claim our countri back!
come on florida! you can do that!electionday electionnight ivot 
guten morgen! wünsche euch einen schönen tag! 😊 bergfest wednesday mittwoch 
celebr react to donald trump’ rnc speech  news
man prove softwar stole vote in all 'hillari won' counties! democrat rig electionsfakevotingfact 
He use a walker texa ranger  superoldhero midnight
"mcmurphyoufan libsnofun No it' not, but the fact that gennif flower agre to join trump at the debates2016 worth rting :)"
texa registr deadlin tuesday for novemb elect 
damit au dem wort sicherheit wieder ein gefühl gibt! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
favorit track off t.i. Vs t.i.p?
til thi guy came up and stood by her side dumb
"islamkil instead of reloc a whole country' people/terrorist throughout the world, whi not help them take back their homes?"
allen west thi must be made into a film  RT seal6shootdown ccot tcot stopsharia 
hearteyes4bradi merri christmas!
realdonaldtrump lock UP crook hillari and throw away the key!!! trumptrain  trumpforpresid
trump on mexican trip: 'who pay for the wall? we...  via news |  
lo angel counti sheriff’ depart offic surround alleg protest on vermont at martin luther king jr. boul…
"So call blm 'protesters' loot and destroy citi they live. domest terrorists, noth more. milwauke "
"“hillari clinton took up to $25 million from saudi arabia, where be gay is punish by death” ~ donald trump "
shit happens!!!! 
"""we are the unit state OF america! we'r come unit to take our countri back!"" ~ donald trump "
i'm serious still cri tear of laughter hahaha 
tigerlilybit the problem is they don't respect ani other' right to anyth
thetroublewithaddict 
crookedhillari is a legendari liar!what' to prove she isn't lie about the clinton foundation? 
sen. leach' daughter: not a clinton 'plant' at haverford event 
that you could hurt me love rap
mysaturdaynightin4word weird game weird friend 
wtf actually!hillaryforprison tcot ccot neverhillari 
let' congratulate!communistsusa proudli endors hillari clinton!communismiswithh 
"dr. alveda king: ""polic brutal is not due to skin color!""thi need to be retweeted!charlott atlanta "
polit clinton agre to testifi befor panel in may
"black miseri is at an all-tim high and it' under democrat policies."" -burgess owenstrumpindetroit "
bestusatoday they are not migrant but refugees! they suffer from war!
don't forget to thank your hero supremesacrificeday
"trump defend inflammatori comments, ask 'who is do the raping?' "
lkw verlor beim wenden 1200 kisten bier 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari weather forecast made by a mental ill chimpanze
florida goe trump!victory!!!electionday electionnight ivot 
"sorry, hillary. peopl just made some choic for you. it' the way democraci work presidentelecttrump "
don’t concern yourself with answer
trump met with a mexican leader while clinton who is respons for nafta is sleeping! tpp is new nafta but worse! 
top 5: 1: my4wordnewyearsresolut 2: demarcu cousin 3: boogi  8 4: skiptothegoodpart -1 5: bill o'reilli  6
thi is too hot 
A spay in the life   dogsong midnight
have fun today   :) it' electionday maga  trumpforpresid
the reason whi cnn didn't cover dncleak is becaus they are as much guilti as democrat are 
break : new poll show trump is about to take michigan!  
"""i'm go to redecor the white house..."
there ha never been a candid  for presid more uneth and untrustworthi than hillari clinton!neverhillari 
how mani peopl watch the first presidenti debat between clinton and trump?

topvideo trump weigh in on rapist clinton defend as lawyer 
hillari is particip in two major event - demdeb and be under investig demdebatemiami
wow: hillary' eye are get further apart as each day goe on..gohillari 
it' mlk day today
you can't prevent gaymarriag from be recogn or legal anywher in the unit state gaylovematt
"trump to give immigr speech as christie, other explain hi stanc"
fifti shade of tan summeramovi midnight
"you know that  gosh! No need even in debates, republican are ahead of the pack! vegasgopdeb"
"A disabl boy wa boo at a trump rally. the next day, he got to meet presid obam...  "
worth watching)  he is realli good!
hahahahah!! 
peopl who are like thi in 2017 thingstobeashamedof 
thanksobama I vote trump!
that' whi hillaryforprison2016 
"trump again slam ‘hamilton,’ penc say No offens taken  "
1hr til vote starts! i'm so excited! it' almost over! vote maga electionday  trumpforpresid
"philippin presid now ""regrets"" that call obama ""son of a whore"" caus so much controversi  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯"
dumberbroadway midnight laser cat
"clinton reach past trump, as he deni report of assault "
brussel you'r not realli get it are you. how mani of these male 'refugees' are terrorists? 1? 1000? 10000? islamkil
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first""~sheriff clark "
My laker undef sinc swaggi return fact
are you ready?
ihavearighttoknow whi I suffer from adult acn
rickspark freeedooooooom whi don't you focu on clinton real crimes? just curiou
the mate show. midnight maketvshowsaustralian
hillari clinton and donald trump give more detail on t...  news |  
understand articl II of the US constitution: elect
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"trump, tax and twitter: hi attack on other now back under the spotlight  polit"
mighti morphin powerhit ranger stonedcomicbook midnight
berniesand thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
islamkil horribl scene brussel
suck be a cub fan. they may never win a world seri tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
wer wird berlin bester nachwuchssportl im juli? 
topvideo clinton offer a histori lesson for trump 
😂😂😂😂 
famili of war dead demand trump apolog  polit
дональд трамп проголосовал на своём избирательном участке.electionday vote2016 
bill cosbi would love to get to know the clinton' lawyer trumpforpresid
"clinton accept nomin with 'humility, determin and boundless confid in america'  polit"
three agent were place on leav after a night of drink in amsterdam and pass out drunk in a hallway. serviceofnosecret
"clinton' health is fine, but what about trump?  polit |  "
base japan support trump!👌 
breaking: hillari wa ask about voterfraud.. watch how she replied!!!draintheswamp. 
topvideo obama becom first u.s. presid to visit lao 
basic the batcav mybedroomin3word
"trump trade threat prompt canada, argentina to get cozi  "
"sheriff clark on blacklivesmatter: ""thi is a hate ideology, a danger ideolog – it need to be opposed."" "
the 2nd american revolut ha begun! see what the fbi did for trump last night…  
the best littl whorehous in everywher like such As dumberbroadway midnight
"counti gop apolog for ""readi for hillary"" execution tweet  |  "
ilove__butihate__   I love twitter but I hate trolls.
you alway have a choice. it' just that some peopl make the wrong one
"spd-politik pistoriu unterstützt auffanglag in libyen. wa ist los, spdde? etwa populismu vor der wahl?"
It deserv rt! liberalsunit 
rand paul risk lose gop nomin by alien hawk 2016elect
fact check clinton' big speech at dnc  polit
I am not realli hillary' aide. the muslim brotherhood assign me as her handler!hillaryshuma 
thingsyoucantignor new meme
narrat people' lives: At the park! 📖 (I guess it' true! xd) 
memeorandum chipotl say crimin investig widen (associ press):   associ pre...  uniteblu tcot
trump to unveil new child care afford polici  news
"soldiers, firemen and polic offic have given their live in the line of duty, while save and/or protect peopl supremesacrificeday"
"american gladiat athleticstvshow ... cuz, you know, they play in the coliseum......"
louisiana congression clout will take anoth hit thi elect  polit
frau merkel bleibt authentisch! merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
songmakesmetearup national. anthem
"obama, trump have cordial first meeting; louisiana colleg student admit fabric ...  "
todolistbeforechristma relax
"highlight from day 3 of the democrat convention, in photos: politico take a look at the color and chao b... "
question trump may tackl in anticip immigr speech  news
ificouldntli peopl won't bother listen to everyth I have to say
'hamilton' actor say cast won't apolog to mike penc  
scooby-didgeridoo  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
debat detail revealed: clinton get first question  polit
sometimesitsokto danc like nobodi is watch 
"clinton’ millenni problem extend to latinos, poll find  polit"
'if I wa american I would vote for anyon but hillari clinton..' ~ marin Le pen 
redmennac why?
join our ralli tomorrow in philli to support miner and mr. trump! DM for details!pleas help us to spread thi f… 
betteralternativetodeb death
ilovemuhammad for be the commonest name in england despit such hatr about whoismuhammad oscarnom
chadsloy that` evident!
"imalwaysokwith islam.i'm just kidding, of course, i'm not.islamistheproblem "
icelebratetrumpwith even more love for my countri
"trump motorcad shut down lincoln tunnel, enrag driver  "
"sad in americanfalls, how silli it wa to build a plant there american fall ha a disast with phosphoru leak phosphorusdisast"
founder of nevada copblock kellypatterson wa arrest for film la vega police. it' legal to filmthepolic http…
g-20-ausschreitungen: kein rabatt für link oder recht (von reinhard müller) 
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
makemehateyouinonephras I didn't like game of throne that much
"winterexpert ok, gonna research on this. It realli is interesting! thank for share"
polic stand with donald trump! 
myocdin5word use more that five word 😐
"""you'r all part of thi incred movement. it' sweep across the country. it' sweep across the globe""~trumpmelbourn trumpral"
"no, donald trump jr. didn’t plagiar part of hi speech "
obama cheer for anoth 100 year of plannedparenthood 
republican to queri firm that ran clinton' privat server 
"no, they all have the same father... unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
honorforthebrav I trulli appreci what you do for our country. thi is what real patriot do!
"In donald trump' empire, $650 million in debt and opaqu tie "
arrest of 18 y/o genelelairdcurr in custodi at the dane counti jail 
"hillary' kkk mentor byrd: ""there are white n-rs.. and i'v seen a lot of white n-r in my time"" "
merkel hat die ukrain geholfen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm gale ha a fuck mullet
"muslim pervert expos himself, then pee in a sink in a ladi bathroom at back bay station in boston"
music speak where words.... don't speak so much mynewcatchphrasei #
exactly!tcot pjnet 
with the dnc' bless miracl are performed: the dead are now eagerli vote in colorado wakeupamerica 
donald trump would stop issu visa if screen were inadequ 
twin pike fishtv midnight
she ain't exactli pretti faith
the As team athleticstvshow
"american boy, american girl   america"
topnew lawsuit open new front in obama immigr legal fight
meet a girl with a charm smile and right values. we'r happi to know that you are also in trumptrain! 
'presid obama is the greatest hoax ever perpetr on the american people' ~ clint eastwood 
new york prison escap sweat
"trump and netanyahu discuss border fence, statu of jerusalem  polit"
"hillari clinton’ advantag widen in florida, new poll show  |  "
just take a look how much trump hate black peopleblacksfortrump 
iamonfir the onli way out of the labyrinth of suffer is to forgive. - john green
candylamb47 becaus 1A I guess. they think it onli work for them
"crowd shout ""hillary"" at dncconvent while everyon were shout ""usa"" at rncincl differ is obvious. un-american demconvent"
politweec but too late...
12 play of nbaxmas... d-wade lob it off the glass for lebron in 2013 at 7! 
sheriff joe arpaio: 'A nation without border is no nation at all.' 
overpack be like… 
"""sehr unzufriedenstellend ist die gesamt diskuss über da thema klima gewesen"", sagt merkel"
trump will put 35% tax on each car that come from mexico. great incent to keep job in america. maga 
I promis him that I will wait... I don't break promis  reasonsiaintinarelationship
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
skate mechan in gta. whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"elbow each other all the way, trump, clinton near finish  "
idontneedacostumebecaus I am not readi for thi 
thx your TV
"shoresking14 that' a great petition, but whi can't we tighten the law for all? "
vault the pole sexysport midnight
Oh right! He doesn't have hot sauc in hi pocketand it' import when blm choos the next US presid 
"kathleen willey: ""[hillaryclinton] is a fake feminist. A champion of women doe not attack the victim of sexual a… "
clinton enter fall with key advantag in white hous race  news
idrunforpresidentif they would provid me with free beer everi day
charliecalley63 whi is he twisted? the onli reason libtard are be crybabi over hi victori is that he ha said some bad word
I guess obama should smell everi refuge he want to resettl in america to make sure they'r not terrorists… 
trump in arizona: gov. ducey not to attend ralli in downtown phoenix  polit
"oh, ironi "
bc2dc16 apppray prayer_h pjnet makethecal peggyingod 247prayer retweeetpleas retweeetthi RT pray 
"thingstoknowabouttwitt the websit is complet okay with pedophil use it but say ""nigga"" when you aren't black and you'r gone"
 i like it:) gangster
oscarnom Oh mankind thi book quran is from your lord. who is one. oscarformuhammad
We have to talk about liber mind as well as liber society.happybirthdayangeladavi 
guns4ni more peopl die hit deer than mass shoot
thi buddhist monk also think that the world is not onli for muslims! 
might as well shake what ya mama gave ya love rap
here are all obama' lie that he ha told the american peopl about hi obamacar plan: 
"trumpnation22 oh shit, the whole potus? and nevermind the fact that 87% of congress is white?"
drive miss daisi to the pool summeramovi midnight
"onc you advoc kill polic officers, you are not longer protesters, but domest terrorists… "
you may be surpris by where trump support stand on these gun control propos
clinton lead trump by six point in cb new poll  polit
islamkil It should have been such a beauti day in belgium. the sun is shine so bright.
trumpbecaus he can solv all the problem
rahmemanuelout We are the onli one to protect ourselves. We need protect from cop
the real o'neil peart maketvshowscanadian midnight
"If music be the food of love, play on.  – william shakespear"
“you’r fascin with sex!” newt gingrich destroy megyn kelli for ly about trump!  
"'they'r not respect the polic anymore, and the polic are afraid to do anything' ~ donald trump "
".realdonaldtrump, pleas build the wall "
the peacemak for all time and all ppl. I love muhammad! oscarformuhammad whoismuhammad
momin5word your the reason i'm alive.
politweec awh kind of cute
it' your hypocrit and cruel personality.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
creepyhillary😨😨 
mexico' presid contradict trump: I told him we won't pay for wall 
day off tomorrow 3wordsbetterthanilovey
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart  We don't serv your kind here!
mr. trump doesn't see party. He doesn't see race and he doesn't see gender. He just want to do what' right for th… 
alfredhitchcock: A good book doe not... quot quot book film greatdirector director
p0tustrump onli if you do everyth you told us. swear.
brussel islamkil syrian prime minist admit that 2 in everi 100 refuge are isi
« A new word is like a fresh seed sown on the ground of the discussion. » wittgenstein
2ndamendmentday! let’ celebr our right and freedom today
retweet if you also think that sheriff clark deserv high rank part in presid trump' administration! 
wrist are for bracelet 4wordgreatidea  
"""hillari will fight to have big bank held accountable."" --senwarren 😂😂😂😂 reaaallyy? "
the latest: obama report separ from motorcad  
watch hillari clinton' full concess speech  
hillari clinton returns; arctic sea ice level plummet (10 thing to know for friday) 
islamkil like what if some of those refuge are isi and we just welcom in our downfall?
2ndamendmentday disarm me won’t protect me
some like It shotgun redneckamovi midnight
mustbeban peopl who take themselv too seriously. life wa meant for crazi moment full of laughter. 
ireallylikeyoubut you play game
"thingspeopleontwitterlik creat that perfect tweet that' exactli 140 characters, even if it mean put in someth random. eleph"
 they'r take a shower!1!!
sardonicdesign I strongli believ that crimin will have no opportun to but firearm 
stop give drug to dog 
forev
demdeb america will alway rememb hillari
i`d DO the ice bucket challeng but not AS these guys! 
johnlegend hillaryclinton qualifi for prison! lockherup trumpforpresid
nine canin luft balloon dogsong midnight
shoot at istanbul airport befor terrorist deton himself.
2 white south african men arrest after video show them forc black man into coffin 
"exclusive: obama, aid expect to weigh syria militari option on friday  news"
A critic is a man who know the way but can’t drive the car. ~ kenneth tynan quot true
well well wellfbi say rumor about clinton pedophil sex ring is true. 
children abus by the liber is so horrible! 
hillari insist 'muslim have noth whatsoev to do with terrorism'..
"In most case the shooter are psychos, they could have acquir gun illegally, too prayers4california"
"reasonstogetdivorc becaus my hubbi ran off with my best friend, and I miss her."
email: clinton campaign tri to move back illinoi primari  news
I don't care he won't be the president. I just rememb we love him. berniesand 
thi wa a parent worst fear riptreyvonmartin  wearhoodiefortrayvon wearealltrayvon 
via dcclothesline: So stupid you’ll laugh: thi video from finland on how to protect yourself from rape...  tcot
gopdeb you know that  the gop candid should unit and support trump! vegasgopdeb
Of cours metal!! 
libertarian parti nomine garyjohnson ha now success qualifi for the ballot in all 50 state 
the psycho who shot an employe in rooseveltfieldmal wa immedi stop by polic gardencityshoot
"trump goe after clinton, 'obamacare'  polit"
trump enter the debat tonight 
chao in charlotte...tear ga or smoke be used..keithlamontscott 
jenn_abram aint nothin' in thi world presid can't order 'round!
"thefoundingson shamira_1925 lindake18525 pow_vot I mean, anyth that doesn't fit your narrative?"
die preis sind in diesem jahr viel gesunken merkelmussbleiben
"It is not the man who ha too little, but the man who crave more, that is poor."
less than 10k signatur need to get petit pass to remov soros-own vote machines!sign &amp; rt!… 
the pessimist complain about the wind
topvideo cuban embassi open in u.s. capit 
verdächtig stirbt nach schüssen auf us-politik 
gop VP candid penc say he’ll releas tax return next week  polit
robothiphop eazi E machin midnight
somedayidliketose some of you twitter peopl in person. We could talk in 140 charact burst and act out gifs.
michel obama to stump for clinton in phoenix  polit
trumpbecaus A patriot must alway be readi to defend hi countri against hi government. —edward abbey makeamericagreatagain 😆
"icantbeurfriendbecaus you as much as you talk about politics, i'd have to murder you eventu and I don't wanna go to jail."
.ajplus: thi woman react to trump' rise in a lightheart video. but then twitter suspend oranicuhh for it.… 
know is not enough
are you ready? our game with giselleevn start in 30 minutes! 
"snowden, manning...ben franklin?  whistleblow patriot liberti nsa pjnet 1"
hmm🤔 twitter let isi recruit terrorist but ban conserv for exercis 1st amend rights. freericki
"sri lanka presid oppos rajapaksa comeback, PM bid  world news"
christmasaftermath wa I santa or the grinch? nobodi know
tag a friend that throw thi bad😂 
 
"thi is her worst idea so far, and the competit is veri tight! "
"despit latest controversy, some christian conserv leader say they’r still with trump  polit"
'the onli way we are go to keep america safe is to have an elit military.' ~ marcu littrel 
Im verteidigungsfal besitzt die bundeskanzlerin die befehls- und kommandogewalt über die streitkräft merkelmussbleiben
oakland braider oneletteroffsport midnight
wearhoodiefortrayvon 4 year without trayvon. So sad wearealltrayvon 
censorship twitter lock pro-trump account ten_gop w/ 27k+ followers! RT &amp; follow their new account realten_gop! 
varsiti jacket from trump univers weirdthingstobuyonlin
you say it' meant to be true love
while michel obama campaign for hillarytrump gain 15% among black votersbirther 
trumpbecaus donaldtrump pleas fix our medicar and social security. We need a better plan for our medicar and social security. 😜
ruinadinnerinonephras I just realiz I lost my wallet
our countri deserv the best leader! I ask you to think twice and choos wisely!rt for trump!lik for hillary! 
potuslasttweet meet my friend 
toss my caber sexysport midnight
"'taco truck on everi corner,' latino for trump founder warn  polit"
obama america: 1 in 6 american men between age 25-54 are not work   notshovelreadi teaparti tcot tlot pjnet
and i'm on the prowl.... love rap
🚨hillary' campaign instructions: 'less than a 100 peopl at a rally? NO cell phones! NO press!'… 
"jim brown: ""I am go to support presid trump with everi bone in my body."" "
makemehateyouinonephras If you haven't read 50 shade of grey you don't know what women want
prisonplanet but he wasn't?
igetdepressedwhen you ask me to share food 
bush ha dim chanc to becom a presid 2016elect
"donald trump explain hi 2nd amend comments, blame media  polit"
aftawurk nyc-a monthli afterwork event for black profession across 6 cities. we'r wait for you! …
keep up with the carpashian fishtv
clinton announc nation servic program aim at millenni  polit
i'm wanna walk all over you likeit
bark out loud dogsong midnight
idontneedacostumebecaus these two guy demolish all evil in the world and there’ no point in scare away evil ani mo…
it' less than 72 hour until obama leav offic 
well it elect day. mane america great again. trump2016 votetrump hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
clinton vs. trump: sustain u.s. job growth  polit
stillwithh is trend 
whi 
"ruinadinnerinonephras hillari ha a messag for you: ""eat me, american voters!"" "
hmm🤔 it' fine for mexico to have a wall on their southern border but for US have a wall is racist?trumpenmexico 
common sens is like deodorant. peopl who need it most never use it 
but...but...hot sauce!but... beyonce! 
slaveryofspeech more american trust the congression gop to manag the economi than trust presid barack obama
pamellalala thank you pamela!
"michel obama condemn islam terrorism. just kidding, she celebr ramadan.  "
"andthenishouldhavesaid fuck you amy, no one like you."
six feet down under maketvshowsaustralian midnight
clinton is less of a sure bet as odd of trump win increas
insultingmovi check how you can consolid your debt for free at: http//bit.ly/2its4di yf1
itsriskyto eat sushi from ga station
bring Me the hangov cure  drunkband midnight
avron_p it' someth they don't realiz
chuck woolery: ted cruz is closer to reagan than anyon in thi race.  cruzcrew pjnet tcot ccot cruz2016 
search for black trump support bring a writer to louisiana  polit
we can creat a bright futur by ourselv happybirthdaymalcolmx
latelin charliepick hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"leo, get prepared… oscarhasnocolor "
"again, no specif from her. just more bait for class warfare. regul stagnat growth. small busi will suffer. imnotwithh"
"As soon as liber lose the power they dump everyth they preach, caus power and control is what they onli want… "
hillari announc tim kain as her VP so hurriedli to distract from dncleak disaster..so obvious.. 
roll in the dirt dogsong midnight
and mayonnais peopl mustbeban 
udderman cowtv midnight
ivanka trump take bow for father' childcar propos  polit
I love see fellow american care for our police!show thi pic to racist blm!tyrek tyreek 
"debat boost hillari clinton' support in cuyahoga county, battleground cuyahoga poll find  polit"
"""the latest wikileak email are veri clear: If hillari is elected, it'll mean the rule of law becom the rule of… "
feuer in der region messina. mehr al 1000 touristen in italien evakuiert  
твиттер аккаунт джона подеста (председателя предвыборной кампании клинтон) взломан неизвестными… 
the mall of america in 2016 😕i thi america you want? 
"""I use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out""birther "
thingshillarygoogl how to read braill
obama: “I made clear that america is not – and never will be – at war with islam.”of course.. they bribe you! 
trump promis ‘heavy’ fight in new york despit clinton' lead 
ES reicht! die bundesregierung kann sich nicht weiter au der verantwortung stehlen
topvideo aid slow to reach remot villag in nepal 
"In 1952 US gov pass a ""mccarran walter act"", outlaw sharia, but obama never intend to enforc it.  RT if you want trump…"
"trump: ""they'r pay kaepernick all of thi money &amp; I think what he' do is veri bad for the spirit of thi c… "
realdonaldtrump she belong to prison!
thingsyoucantignor a 23 ft otter
don’t know whi kerri is still there. there wa no need ro negoti with iran from the start kerrydosmth
merl stagger drunkband midnight
"jenn_abram yeah, that' great"
andthenishouldhavesaid 
charg against report arrest outsid trump event drop 
reasonstoprotest resist capit 
trump’ washington DC hotel vandal By hillari support  
the latest: penc say hack evid point to russia 
"don't vote for hillary, she' kill black people!couldn't agre more.peopl don't want hillari clinton for pres… "
"nocybercensorship freedom to write and say what I want, express myself, no insult for others, onli truth"
superoldhero the aarp team
ihavearighttoknow what my neighbour are do and whi they are do it
In life you'll do thing greater than date the boy on the footbal team
"markruffalo realli doe care about import thing like racism, climat change, polic violence, futur presid https://t…"
my4wordnewyearsresolut eat lot of cake
ihavenocontrolov thi elect cycl 
MT cindiperez48: tedcruz for presid 2016! the light At the end Of the tunnel!  cruzcrew pjnet
much unknown about trump' tax and financ 
jeb bush say staff shuffl wa base on skill 2016elect
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
grate deadpool addasongruinamovi
she is psyhoreleaseclintonsmedicalrecord
american first on thi soil! 
icelebratetrumpwith get readi to hunger game
donald trump attack muslim father' convent speech  busi
"icantbeurfriendbecaus if you'r from africa, whi are you white?"
julian assange: hillari clinton is lie about not know (c) classifi email markingsneverhillari 
"ilove__butihate__  I love pants, but I hate wear them when I go to wal-mart   hashtagroundup"
thingstodoinawaitingroom see how fast you can read TV subtitl as they fli by.
dem won't stop embarrass themselv 
cultur enrich IN londonistan: 1 dead &amp; 6 injur in terror attackrussellsquarelondon 
"you don't have to be saint to make a good president. and you don't have to break the law, but who cares? trump2016 "
politweec trump is noth better than berin
"pablopistachio2 I assum by ""majority"" you mean illeg alien and dead people?"
robocod fishtv midnight
"the US strategi to creat a new global legal and econom system: tpp, ttip. the onli candid against tpp is trump"
"my4wordnewyearsresolut eat, drink, sleep, repeat"
blacklivesmatt constantli attack the polic but never mention thousand of black slaughter by muslim in ni… 
clintonfound donor deni entri to the US on terror charg 
the red badg of mens onewordoffbook midnight
"oust from fox, roger ail advis donald trump in debat prep "
"addcartoonstohistori ben franklin, tom N jerry, john hancock and the other loser write the 1776 thingi in honor of a bunch of racist"
suspend jaredwyand is the worst case of leftist censorship sinc nero!
Is EU go to reduc the amount of import muslims? islamkil stopislam
"mehr flüchtling kommen auf güterzügen nach deutschland. aber ich meine, unser regierung schafft da 😌 merkel "
A sword never kill anybodi
'it' time for american peopl to take back their freedom' ~ donald trumptrumpiswithyoutrump2016 
pigeontoday stunning!!!
I feel the same! 
thingsnottodolastminut morn coffe
reasonstoleaveeu becaus I secretli want to build a wall!
youtubechannelsine how to deal with mondaysmondaymotiv
"man gibt es einfach nicht auf, merkel schlechtzureden trotzdem merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi "
"the qualiti of our actions, whether they are posit or negative, depend on our motivation. thi is whi we have to transform our minds."
"My thought are with sanbernardino peopl who morn their relatives, not with those who establish gun-fre zone praye…"
"watch:obama liter saying: ""we are train isis."" obamatownhal "
trumpbecaus we'r done with those poor leaders. ☺️☺️☺️
"prayers4california and all anti gun state for it can happen anywhere, and we can't even defend ourselv"
cover Up the caus of breast cancer sinc 1985: astrazeneca bcam   via 3tags_org pjnet
somedayidliketose  a dog accident step in my shit.
It is a wast of our brain power to take free choic for granted. We must ration
"arab have enough money to build this👇, but they don't have enough money to take ani refugees!🤔munich "
redmennac can you be more specific? what exactli doe make you say all that?
obama hail the vision of shimon peres: ‘hi pursuit of peac wa never naïve’  polit
trumpbecaus he doesn’t care what other peopl are talk about him 💇🏽💆🏽🎉
silverlak bromanc  californiamovi midnight
“how hillari keep you ignorant” by michellearri 
US embassi remov juli 4 celebr out of respect for muslim and islamfourthofjulyweekend 
stopislam islamkil peopl are surpris with how other could refus syrian refuge but don't look at how we treat peopl here
funni girl 
thi arab mufti work with hitler to hire bosnian for the SS 
mysaturdaynightin4word 
want a person chauffeur to drive you around thi weekend? here' your
brussel islamkil the analog doe not hold. some refuge are terrorists. the onli real debat is about the probabilities.
"well, that' your opinion, isn't it? and i'm not about to wast my time tri to chang it."
breaking: trump just took down obama! look what He did to him today…  
snark thingspeopleontwitterlik
clinton spent $257m on her campaign to trump’ $87m so far thi elect cycle. and she' behind in the polls! 
"thi 7% to 10% kill thousand each year. the rest of muslim don't seem to be bothered, onli complain trump2016 "
putin take manhattan bridg 
the greatest pleasur is love
sander and trump supporters..  unite!unityin5word 
ezekiel elliott top nfl jersey sales: former ohio state buckey run back ezekiel ell...  cleveland sport
clinton' new plan to help small-busi owner  polit |  
let your dream stay big and your worri stay small.
imalwaysokwith leav fruit snack in the hooker' snatch for the next guy.
mass shoot occur even in  gunfreezon  so peopl is the problem not gun prayers4california
"analysis: In philly, democrat work to put a human face on hillari clinton  polit"
"""obama and trump""trump​' plane given a water salut as it take off from NY to the white house​ for hi meeting… "
must watch: the best endors of donald trump from jame kallstrom (former fbi asst. director) 
south africa’ rule parti suffer biggest elect setback  news
breaking: donald trump to campaign in maryland 
"""summeramovi I know what you did last summer"
sixpenc nun the richer makemusicreligi
sexysport pitcher or catcher? midnight pointsm
"betteralternativetodeb offend each other. oh, wait"
merkel achtet auf ordnung in deutschland merkelmussbleiben
makemusicreligi don't sit under the appl tree Of knowledg with anyon els but Me
josh smith' dunk got dwight pumped. 
he' afraid of go to jail with the clinton crime family. podestaemails33 votetrumpp  trumpforpresid
jenn_abram wa there a terrorist attack on the art museum after they'v shown the exhibit?
how long halt ye between two opinions?
just a remind - clinton are easili boughttrump2016 crookedhillari 
ireallylikeyoubut but your eyebrow game trash
defens depart teach document suggest mainstream conserv view *extremist*  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet
pwaldrop33 So nice said! couldn't agre more! 👍🏻
I just can't wait when we kick that muslim traitor ass out of white hous makeamericagreatagain 
thanksobama obama ha accumul more debt than all u.s. presid combined!
barack obama advis hi 2009 self In hilari jimmi fallon clip  
bomb usa will be the first thing iranian will do as they start produc nuclear bomb kerrydosmth
"My kids, i'v tried, they are just too persistent.  thingsyoucantignor "
"wakeupamerica,trump2016,veterans,nra,2a,freespeech,tcot,hialeah,miami, elnuevoherald,miamiherald,cuba   "
denmark edg closer to snap elect as parti feud over tax cut  world news
"state offici discuss polls, ballot ahead of elect day "
... 
mytombstonein5word what thi bright light means?
die amtszeit von olaf scholz steht an einem wendepunktg20hh17 hamburgraeumtauf hamburg 
fact-check donald trump' immigr speech  polit
mad men 
it' hard to believ peopl think thi stuff is real 
sean hanniti say fox colleagu megyn kelli back clinton  news
"grant woods, former gop attorney general, endors hillari clinton for presid  polit"
topvideo clinton campaign chief question email hack time 
"As for my home, we are do what we can to avoid be kill by a setback guns4ni"
thingsthatshouldbecensor My mirror. No one want to see that shit... yet.
jaredfogl 😐 
love lift Us pup where We belong dogsong midnight
reallifemagicspel 'we should total hang out more' - make that person disappear from your life forev
In foreign polici you have to wait twenty-f year to see how it come out.
 I want one like this!
"break bill baroni, former associ of NJ governor chrischristie, sentenc to two year in prison for role i… "
obama veto 9/11 bill; possibl overrid by congress loom 
valentinesdayin3word ooh forev alon
dumberbroadway midnight llama-deu
realdonaldtrump the media keep say trump doesn't have support of american black &amp; latinos...se the truth! 
"trump draw sharp rebuke, concern over newli appoint chief white hous strategist  "
"trump effect on mexican peso hurt investment, blackrock say  polit"
trump say clinton polici on syria would lead to world war three 
"""50k walker, texa ranger"
"brussel until all 96m unemploy american have work , illeg"
our libtard media at it finest wakeupamerica wearethemedia 
communist commi maoism marri confucian - how china' communist are appropri co...  uniteblu tcot
there is phosphoru in american falls! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
"who is cori booker, a hillari clinton VP finalist for pick as run mate?"
lastminutegifts2016 a bottl of hand sanit
itturnedawkwardwhen I wa born
"In my mind, i'm alway the best. If I walk out on the court"
putin say u.s. 'hysteria' over russia is elect ploy  news
let god' promis shine on your problems. -corri ten boom
trishdlamini um..ok
"huge line today at trump ralli in  waukesha, wi. spread thi video! (via mattfinnfnc) "
cataract women superoldhero
"atheist_ivori moon_of_remors you have no class, sir"
thingspeopleontwitterlik sexual innuendo.  I tri not to......
tri a winter romance?
"My hijab, My pride. respect it pl oscarformuhammad oscarnom"
nation' largest polic union endors trump!they are basketofdeplor like we all 
stay At home survivalguidetothanksgiv
my4wordnewyearsresolut  live in peac with No more hate and wars..
putin to meet with kerri in sochi tuesday sochitalk
makeamericagreatagain - donald trump to visit black church in detroit  
messupaquot and she' buy a seven eleven
"they don't tri to take our right away, I support them. obama, go away gopdebatesc"
".sebgorka: ""border are part of nation security, so on thi issue, trump is absolut right.""trumpenmexico "
what i don't understand in liber is how they can valu human life much less than anim life. clintonbodycount 
"Do not look back in anger, or forward in fear, but around in awareness."
carney lansford of the lost athleticstvshow
somebodi to hump dogsong midnight
the it
armstrong state univers is go to offer a class about outkast duo of andr 3000 and big boi.
... 
"whi IT matters: clinton, trump present voter clear choic "
that is what we are talk about when we say makeamericagreatagain obama is no leader 
"thetroublewithaddict is that if you add your addictions,it will subtract your lifetime. "
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart  ""attent shoppers, we are roll back price on double-sid bra in aisl seven"" "
you'll be amaz at how much cash christi ha given to trump 
guns4ni secondamend It is a fact that arm american men and women prevent two million crime everi year with their g…
protestersarecrimin  alllivesmatt 
bare girl  (bear grylls)   maketvsexi
poll: clinton lead trump ahead of first debat  
😳 cole beasley got blast yesterday! - cowboyswon litup 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
overheardatthewishingwel you goonie!! 
foke paula jone say she fear for her life if hillari clinton is elect presid  foke
realdonaldtrump thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
раскрыта связь не выдвинувшему обвинения против клинтон главы фбр с фондом клинтонов  
one can choos to go back toward safeti or forward toward growth.
"obama and clinton are destroy our country, our valu are noth for them. We must stop it! "
"hurricanematthew ha kill at least 261 peopl in haiti, accord to the government.prayforha "
"promis outsiders, trump team led by christi insid "
"can I have your daughter for the rest of my life? say yes, say ye 'caus I need to know."
mr. herring? really? Is hi middl name red? the fbi admit they cover up hillary' lie wakeupamerica 
"congratulations, presid donald J. trump!america will Be great again! "
get up. get out . govot election2016  theendisnear hillaryforprison2016 dumptrump…  trumpforpresid
trump threaten to revers diplomat relat with cuba 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari obama' birth cirtif
economi will gop congress 'affirm' legitimaci of state-own businesses?: will gop congress 'affirm' le...  tcot
the way through the world is more difficult to find than the way beyond it.  – wallac steven
If peopl look like their person the world would be a lot different... dailyteen
"obama tell netanyahu of u.s. concern on settlements, urg peac  world news"
new dnc email leak is the final nail in the parti uniti coffin dncleak wikileak
angelina love vs. velvet ski 
savag hillaryforprison benghazi 
"If you want to tell peopl the truth, make them laugh, otherwis they'll kill you."
"the latest: obama, putin discuss syria conflict, ukrain  "
midnight My bark will go on dogsong
"To those soul taken rip. for those live through this, pray for peace,"
puptown funk dogsong midnight
ihavearighttoknow  how I got to work when i'v been asleep the whole time
mark cuban offer trump $10 million for interview 
and if you want our gun we want you out of the us2a 
relationships.  thingsinventedwhilehigh
istartcryingwhen I hurt my knee.  My other two knee are okay though. 
our countri ha futur onli with trump gopdebatesc
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart 
strickland attack portman over trump tape: darci cartoon  polit
republican use clinton to unit divid gop  polit
trump propos ideolog test for muslim immigr and visitor to the u.s. 
what if someday hillari forget that she' run for potu and just drop out? 
"donald trump enter US presidenti race, say obama is a 'bad negotiator'"
how mani black women doe it take to chang a light bulb? 
everyon love lampreymond fishtv midnight
knicktriumph mjvenesco losfreakland forevershinin knicksdud  
gute nachrichten: hamburg| oberverwaltungsgericht verbietet g20-protestcamp
motown museum offer free ticket to kid on martin luther king jr. day  …
there is no such thing as 'white privilege'.wakeupamerica 
whyimgangsta i'm from brooklyn! 
eight document donald trump ha yet to fulli releas  polit
worstpaineverin3word rush stop tour
"white polic offic fire after post a selfi say ""i""m the law today n*gga"": "
thi one is good! 
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
We were betray deputi gen pacif command  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot stopsharia 
islamkil Do you still think welcom refuge wa a good idea? brussel
shit go down in california guns4ni
i`m ON the highway TO hell! 
"saturday, a day of grown up shit. I simpli can't contain my excitement! fuck you saturday and shift to saturnight! timetravelerproblem"
there is still so much to be done... No time to waste! let' make america great again! 
onli you can control your futur
mmeckel ist ihrer meinung nach genug alternativen für frau merkel?  jugendmitmerkel
irand happi hassanrouhani 
gold star famili demand apolog from trump  polit |  
thank you for not be indifferent.god save america!teapartynew theteaparti 
"reasonstogetdivorc minni mouse' solicitor, have buck teeth? mickey' solicitor. ""no fuck goofy"""
illeg weapon 1-4 midnight californiamovi
pelosi: hous democrat will sustain obama veto on iran deal
lol i'm shock by what I saw 
I need thi cup 
"dude, where' My nascar? midnight redneckamovi"
"If you’v noticed, these black peopl are victim of mass incarceration..their vote matter, their live not. this… "
trumpbecaus sometim by lose a battl you find a new way to win the war makeamericagreatagain 😉👍🏼
lesley stahl' donald trump interview failur a scari preview  
republican use clinton in attempt to unit gop  news |  
cough clinton: 'everi time I think about trump I g...  polit |  
king of the magnet hill maketvshowscanadian midnight
RT 🙂 expos the clinton crime famili
"for ye are like unto white sepulchres, which inde appear beauti outward, but are within full of dead men' bones."
I can't believ my own eyes...they tri to buri that guy aliv becaus he wa caught trespassing. 
hillari clinton and donald trump presidenti debate: join  polit reporte...  polit
the latest: updat from the vice presidenti debat 
illeg charg their “ankl monitors” at a hillari clinton campaign offic  
"while illeg and leftist extremist are mourn in america, president-elect donald trump is take the office. F… "
faith is take the first step even when you don't see the whole staircas
for those who realli care about our countri tcot ccot pjnet   
what hillari clinton' decis to wear purpl mean  
"just lost them, right? "
".randpaul: ""I would actual say we'v done more in the last four week than we'v done in the last six years."""
"watch: ""hillari clinton is not up to the job.. she would be a disaster'' ~ mike huckabe RT if you think the same! "
donald trump: ‘no flip-flop’ on immigr 
research ha shown that marriag provid substanti psycholog and physic health benefit gaylovematt
I can’t handl it 
demndeb will you forget your elect promis after becom president? demdeb
RT if you think that trump should invit the beghazi famili to the next debat 
"He knew about a rise in violence, esp. among small islamist groups, but continu do hi job until hi last day. "
"arizona primari election: poll open; no lines, minor snafu  polit"
"even on the worst nights, i'm into you."
A dinner date with jeffrey dahmer  thingsmoretrustedthanhillari debates2016
put me down and dial 911 unlikelymagic8ballansw
unusu car! 
"""black live don't matter to hillari clinton. black vote matter to hillari clinton"" ~ gianno caldwel "
obama and lynch are fight in feder court to allow non-citizen to vote 
"physically, mentally, emot tire"
I believ that the found father knew what they were think and talk about when they wrote the constitut gun…
igetdepressedwhen I pay bill
We owe illeg nothing!w owe our veteran everything!rt if you agree! 
with thi news i`m still shaking!!! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
darrel issa boot from benghazi deposition: report 2016elect
We have lot of question for hillary..and we demand answers!debates2016 debatenight debat 
danni trejo: you can be proud of your mexican heritag but in the end you are an american. fli thi flag proudly! 
"realdonaldtrump 60minut mike_p make america safe again, Mr trump!"
"In rebutt to trump’ econom speech, clinton to accus him of tri to help himself  polit"
imtoooldfor sleep on ani non-b unless absolut necessari
nake hillari clinton statu caus a stir in new york  news
"A veteran: ""hillari is lie to us straight in the face and then she want to be commander-in-chief"""
staywok 
it’ obviou that hillari can offer us noth except for new problem demdeb demdebatemiami
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm everi thing you'r worri about now, will never matter again"
mlk niec dr. alveda king endors trump say that hi plan for urban commun sound veri promising! 
that` awful! peopl have to start a riot to draw the author attent to their problem stoptheviol baltimorevsrac
"helo, expectations. knew I had to greet you"
iamonfir i'v run out of beer. but i'm too drunk to go get more beer.
analysis: trump nation-build view not in line with bush  news
video : clinton foundat under fbi investig for violat public corrupt law  
In word are seen the state of mind and charact and disposit of the speaker.
nocybercensorship without free speech on the internet we would turn into a polic state 
weirdthingsmybosssaid I like you so much better when you'r nake
girl basebal fail 
"it'll be nice to be alon for a week or 2, but I know that i'll be right back here with u"
"ccot""islam isi ccotth qur'an contradict files: what if muhammad wa wrong?   "","
onewordoffbook great sextpect  midnight
itsriskyto lie to me
that' what you should know 
myemmynominationwouldb creat mondaymotiv
trump say 'open borders' cost live and 'thi will end' 
onewordoffbook the princ of tie midnight
trump vs. clinton: the first presidenti debat  polit
what trump and clinton must Do To win the debat  |  
macbook
horribl video! but I post it to show you the ugli truth about muslims! islam IS not peaceful!prayfornic nice 
clinton back on campaign trail after releas health info 
the world is fill with violence.w need gun guns4ni
my2017resolut stop worri about offend someone. At least in 2016 it wa inevit asf 
"sorry, u must fuck me in the form of a question gameshowhostpickuplin"
makemehateyouinonephras we'r break up
spoiler alert: trump will win louisiana in novemb  polit
"bark, bark, bark at heaven' door dogsong midnight"
draintheswamp hillaryforprison2016 lyinmedia  trumpforpresid
trump use charity' money to settl hi legal disput  polit
not thi woman! neverhillari everteamtrump maga trumptrain
I have never seen thi before! 
let' just kiss and cuddl and forget about the world.
dnc 2016: 7 crazi moment from day 1 in philadelphia  polit
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump hey there. how' the futur presid doing? 🐑👈🏿
the potato chip grabber thingsinventedwhilehigh 
lifeson on mar maketvshowscanadian midnight
trump' gibe about women' size could burn bridg with femal voter  polit
gute nacht mein lieben! schlaf gut! 
tractor trailer flip On ft. duquesn bridg  news
and you think america is right to financ thi ihumanity? wakeupamerica christian public pontifex rt_com 
midnight summeramovi rootbeer hope float
democrat think they own black voters. even lie to keep the thing as they are. 
"I just don't agre with oscarssowhit ... it' not to do with race, it' to do with when a film is releas oscarhasnocolor oscar"
trump get it right. He know exactli where the danger come from. 
lisenbe street athleticstvshow
"icantbeurfriendbecaus I am not convinc a 19 year old girl with a webcam want a middl age man, no matter how sexi you think I am"
and usual they don't have to?! tcot maga 
kaine: trump' mind is a 'frighten place': less than 24 hour after the end of the democrat nation con... 
"demdeb ""the lead democrat is under investigation"" - jebbush  demdebatemiami"
trump transit staffer reach out to nevertrump republican  by washingtonpost via c0nvey
when you declar war and becom ungovern but then someth goe wrong for some reasontrumprallycalifornia 
yesterday is a cancel check. today is cash on the line. tomorrow is a promissori note.
labour vet process reduc number of would-b leadership contest voter by ...
pad rubber wall  mybedroomin3word
obama' legacy: 51% black youth unemployment.. 
france: 83 yo man attack &amp; rob by a refugee...y want thi in america?! vote hillary! 
californiamovi harri potter in dude where' in and out?
innenpolitisch profitiert ihr regierung zudem von einer sozialpolitik  merkelmussbleiben
obama interrupt vacat to campaign for clinton 
songmakesmetearup ladi grin soul by bowie.
rejectedusesforcandycorn candi corn smoothi
the gop convention’ winner and loser  polit
"firebase301 he' trend in the protesters' mindsets, but they don't realiz it"
christmasaftermath I am not drink anymor
I wish everi child wa like this! soon! 
myemmynominationwouldb hot ass nigga
I wa lie when I told you that it didn't matter
"stopislam when will kerri recogn that muslim ""refugees"" are also commit cultur genocid in europe? islamkil"
"clinton, trump tie at 42% in ‘battleground tracker’ poll: cb  polit"
I can't stop laugh 😂 
zugverkehr lahmgelegt: flüchtling fliehen in augsburg au güterwagon 
three manhattan apart build to ditch trump name  
"just a reminder: hillari clinton taken $50,000000+ from countri who execut women &amp; homosexu under islam law… "
 kim' ice bucket challeng
politweec I need a beer right now 😪
h.o.p.e.
now I understand who obama want to vote 4 him next time illegalamigoz
you must do the thing which you think you cannot do. -eleanor roosevelt
mybatonroug bastard!
"mehrer touristen bei messerattack verletzt. leut sind angekommen, um zu sich einfach erholen... 😢"
trumpbecaus he’ veri wise person 🎡🎠🎢
porn? realdonaldtrump 
watch: cheer erupt as trump start to speak..you will never see such amaz support at hillary' rally! 
inkofsquid lol. hillary' email confirm she is respons for the rise of isi
"when it come to trump' tax and finances, much is unknown "
what a surprise: peopl who immigr legal in the US are against illegals!presidenttrump 
"itshardtobelievethat even with a goat, car battery, jumper cabl and a bucket of water that I don't have a seriousgirlgang"
"veeeeri long line wait to see donald trump in ambridge, PA "
whatihatein5word  how everyon is popularis trump
children of a lesser godzilla  japanamovi  midnight
aliens: trump get marri badmonstermovi midnight
"ein erhebung zeigt, daß trump einen teil der klassischen republikanischen wählerschaft vergrault hatclinton usa"
both candid were invit by mexican president. hillari clinton is unabl for diplomaci we need trumpenmexico 
freak gonna freak mybedroomin3word
christmasaftermath a ton of useless presents. wa so disappoint over them no one even notic I got everyon the same…
syrian refuge are settl in the u.s. 
trump refus to say he will accept result of presidenti elect 
reallifemagicspel I bet you can't do it! often cast minut befor disast
america IS under judgement! return! jonathan cahn open nation day of prayer with warn of judgment:  ccot pjnet
instead of divid our nation liber should make themselv useful and go find a jobmakeamericagreatagain 
sick day: presid obama stump for sidelin clinton  polit
imtoooldfor watch cartoon 
the cancel of the patriot act won't hit nation secur system serious patriotact
obamalegacyoffailur arm jihadist and disarm american 
clinton draw record cash from silicon valley despit tec...  |  
"""I knew there wa corruption, but the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming.""- carson "
rais your children the right waymakeamericagreatgreatagain 
serious ?!?! man that wa so sick guymariano :D 🎥 spanishmiketv. grizzlygang 
It is pretti cool 
today is our independ day!     makeamericagreatagain trumppence16 realdonaldtrump neverhillari trumpforpresid
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""hey, wasn't that greeter ruth bader ginsberg?"""
howtoloseyourjob make it dress up like waldo 
"""and obama goe to the golf cours for the rest of hi life"" ~ trump👏👏👏👏👏👏debatenight debat"
today' hottest invest for american (who may final understand what is realli go on)...gun and ammo.. guns4ni
newhampshirefortrump makeamericagreatagain trump2016 teamtrump trumptrain trumparmi altright ccot tcot 
"thi is just crazy! We live in a democrat state, can`t we solv the issu peac baltimorevsrac"
snapchat mustbeban
99 percent of all suicid terror attack in the world were carri out by muslims! banislam 
insultingmovi 
anthonycag get beaten at trump' ralli - hi own fault!it' a problem onli after a white girl get pepperspray 
christmasaftermath obama' new occup 
"vice presidenti debate: pence, kain make the case for top candid "
"If you keep go over the past, you'r go to end up with a thousand past and no future."
poll: should obama do prison time for bug american &amp; spi on polit opponents?
best movi kiss 
m.a.t.e. maketvshowsaustralian
trap are definit gay offendeveryonein4word
"iknewweweredoom when I heard ""in the battl of iraq, the unit state and our alli have prevailed."" "
politweec veri presidenti of him
for realdonaldtrump to continu be one of hillaryclinton’ best recruit obamaswishlist
hypocrisy: hillari say to be tough of terrorists... meanwhil the father of orlando terrorist sit behind her.. 
"« the few assum to be the deputies, but they are often onli the despoil of the many. » hegel"
god is the tangenti point between zero and infinity.  – alfr jarri
"'secretli everybody' get tire of polit correctness, kiss up.' ~ clint eastwood "
"As obama' term wanes, so doe focu on israeli-palestinian issu  news"
nobel hypocrisi committe also wish obama happi 55th birthday 
"harry,"
new: trump show heart and humil in detroit visit  trumpindetroit 
"trust me, no whammi here gameshowhostpickuplin"
"judg ha order state dept to review 15,000 hillarysemails. "
there is a sheriff who actual understand the natur and magnitud of the radic islam terrorist threat guns4ni
trump say ‘time to borrow’ for $500 billion or more for infrastructur plan  polit
polic use water cannon on dakota access protest in freez weather. 
simon baker and simon burk  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
my2017biggesthop stop forget to take my pills. Or accid mix them up with my granny'
move on….it just a chapter in the past! dont close the book…just turn the page.
"Go shorty, it' your earth day! earthdaysong midnight"
"you'll alway be my hero, even though you'v lost your mind."
such a short memori 
overheardatthewishingwel is anyon watch cuz ima get those quarter
thi liberallog isn't work anymore. you'r now about to get kick in the teeth by the real world you'v been… 
share heroin needl thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
ifhillarybecomespresid bill' speech work demsinphilli
howtoloseyourjob wander around the offic and look in everyon trash can. if ask respond with Oh i'm just trying… 
hillari took hi cocain for debat 
hillari and bill clinton in the white hous  mustbeban
maketvsexi jersey whore  Or the mari tyler whore show
"If food ha fallen to the floor, consult the ""5 second rule"", if it exce that, consult the ""10 second rule"".… "
thanksobama it’ almost over
it is realli big govern overreach! I hate it! patriotact
RT rihanna ha reach 1 billion view on youtube! let make onebillionrihanna a tt!!
metro detroit muslim blast trump’ comments: some area muslim call presidenti candidate’ attac...  break
"nypd, secret servic up secur at trump tower  "
friendship is the best medicine. –doc mcstuffin
look at the hate on melania trump!👇if it wa other way around dem would be scream racism!rncincl 
secret servic appear to have broken protocol with clinton’ earli departur from sunday 9/11 event  polit
divers and inclus are not the same. that is all.  blacktwitt
Do It now. napoleon hill
christmasaftermath got vacuum for christma
two new poll continu to show tight race in ohio between donald trump and hillari clinton  polit
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump trump know better!
hillari clinton call donald trump' health claim about her a 'wacki strategy' 
there are thing that are normal for one peopl but unaccept for other
shitit fit
"exunitatevir stwalker98117 yeah, that' sort of upset"
rip prayers4california doesn’t franc have the strictest gun control?
stand with israel - Be a friend of israel  pjnet ccot
onc upon a time in the middl east makeamovierud
"trump: ""illeg immigr are treat better than our vet in mani cases"" phoenix "
"""if hillari were elected, she'd be the first presid who couldn't pass a basic background check."" -donald trump Jr "
"oh, that` me))) "
"obama prais italian leader' progressive, bold leadership "
clinton member of lgbt ?!?!?  
Be the last to arriv and the first to leav survivalguidetothanksgiv
die union hat der spd ein indirekt mitverantwortung für die messer-attack in hamburg gegeben
polic offic make our life easi and safe honorforthebrav
clinton could put away trump by carri north carolina 
icantbreath without putin 
thi is what the lgtbqmtnuvis345 commun ha work toward for year now. It deserv the win… 
"prochoic abort zika spark brazil debat over abortion, access to contraception: pro-ch...  uniteblu tcot"
"""I will build a great, great wall on our southern border, and I will make mexico pay for that wall"" "
"luke_jones13 “I like donald trump becaus he speak from the heart. make america great again is a great slogan."" "
sushi hour japanamovi midnight
"trump will directli address black voters, top aid say  polit"
I don’t want cia to read my imessag nocybercensorship 
"ruinadinnerinonephras oh, that hot chick final match me on tinder!"
myparadisein5word unbias media that report truth 
you'r an asshol but I love you
we'r gather thi saturday to celebr trump' victory! support our nation' champion. let' maga!
RT if you also think that hillari should 'find anoth job'! 
obama will defend islam despit everi evid and fact we have! remov the traitor! makeamericasafeagain 

busi cut wrists. next time? cancelplansin5word
"trumpsfavoriteheadlin miriam-webst add word ""uge"""
"polic hate keep growing. I don't blame the owner. I blame obama, clinton, and blm. "
blogoverwatch conspiraci everywhere!
congo decid to delay elect to better prepare: kabila  world news
 3wordsbetterthanilovey final fusion-approv
you can't do them on television. problematickidsshow
hillaryforco thi ha gone way out of control. We need to keep her our of the white hous neverhillari  
christi to rnc: clinton earn 'guilty' verdict  polit
hundr line cleveland bridg in pre-convent ralli  |  
"clinton, trump to both meet with egyptian presid at u.n.  world news"
islamkil islam refuge are terrorist IN the us?! R U sr stopislam
moziah bridg is onli 15 year old -- but he just ink a 7-figur deal with the nba: 
I don’t wanna see isi in my country! texasjihad
"reports: outsid group spend big to help trump, clinton "
when histori class wa taught in public school  all american knew thi as fact pjnet gop gohconserv 
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! 
"""american werewolf ruin pari climat accord"
ificouldntli my bf would find out that i'm a gold digger 
"As you go through life you'll see, there is so much that we don't understand. – simba (the lion king ii)"
potuslasttweet keep america great
donald trump consid last-minut meet in mexico with the country' presid  polit
großbrand in waren: hall geht in flammen auf britishgp 
corrupthillari   imwithh  trumpforpresid
ireallylikeyoubut you tri to radic me and the US govern say that that is kinda wrong... sort of.. Go away
mexico wonder whi it presid is meet with trump  news
i'll be right back onewordoffmoviequot midnight
rickspark becaus I don't have to. that' the perk of be a free citizen. everyth you say contradict basic logic and common sens
result from latest nbc poll put trump at 40% and crookedhillari at 39% 
"presid obama made histori on tue by nomin the first muslim person to the feder judiciary, abid qureshi. "
prayer are with those in sanbernadino. It is so tragic that so mani hate act of violenc occur so frequent  P…
interest point 
"msm will never show thi pic from austin, keep say onli white attend trump rallies.whytrumpcanceledr "
trump' l.a. golf club employe alleg pressur to be pretti 
thank for the work!!👏👍batonroug 
that` what real men do! 
поездка трампа в город флинт вызвала волны возмущений и поддержки 
"iamonfir the purpos of learn is growth, and our minds, unlik our bodies, can continu grow as we continu to live."
iamonfir loool dat ass-swing dog 
"""clinton will not get the volum of black voter obama did"" ~ sheriff clark "
obama blame ‘far-right media’ for ‘pump out all kind of crazi toxic stuff’ 
"clinton, kain stump togeth after convent  polit"
onewordoffbook tre miser midnight
kurd are no joke 
sanbernardino shoot show us that gun control won’t prevent mass shoot prayers4california
trump ralli at jacksonvil now vs hillari clinton rally. poll won't show you true will of american 
whi voter say they are pick hillari clinton or donald trump  polit
clinton back bill to protect pennsylvania coal miners' benefit 
"jill stein: ""how much more evid doe govern need to press charg against hillari clinton?"" "
hell Is A bad place To Be makemusicreligi
there will Be bloodsport addamovieruinamovi midnight
mark cuban endors hillari clinton  polit
"clinton hides, trump slides, the republ subsides: kevin o'brien  polit"
 silly)))
wanna argu with that? teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
ilove__butihate__ I love cat but I hate cats. 
reasonstogetdivorc  you'v found out UR marri  sooner or later a reason to get divorc
don't stop skate whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"wait in doctor offic for a 2nd opinion on my xray, check twitter and saw thi hash tag...i don't get it.… "
email show how clinton campaign chairman appar hack 
reasonstogetdivorc you miss your anniversari but still manag to celebr a tweep' birthday
rose oneletteroffsport midnight
bc2dc16 nativeflwoman jahrulz247 pjnet makethecal cindysda donna_geoff guthrie_lian retweeetthi RT  
trump_prez and thi is fair
superhero wear latex suit reasoniamnotasuperhero
breaking🚨hillari bought ad on the weather channel in florida for the hurrican matthew that' sooo low😣… 
"liber who say we hate mexican think all mexican are illegal. that' racist. legal - ok, illeg - not ok "
god bless everi hero who fought for america and made a contribut to the freedom of our nation! 
good music and be alon on an island  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
6 day till day xwho do you think will win?
excus me?!?? bring it back? 
how hillari realli feel toward black people.. 
car bomb explod outsid US consul in northern iraq
clinton lead trump by 11 point in pa.: new poll  |  
klobuchar unsur clinton will stick with garland for suprem court if she win  polit
you'v been tell peopl thing that you shouldn't be
probabletrumpstweet chees tast better when it come from a block! make america grate again!
video: republican presidenti nomine donald trump on peninsula for fundrais 
when I say
  the best idea ever!
foke donald trump is the new franki howerd write craig brown  foke
obama turn 55: see how he' age at the white hous  polit
We need a strong confid presid to deal with all the problem we receiv from obama’ failures. 
US vice presid joe biden call on syrian kurdish forc to move back across the euphrat 
"2ndamendmentday kid spend a major of their time in school and if they’r not have a posit experience, they can becom depress"
whoa! last night the fbi releas A secret that will put bill clinton In jail today…   
"On decemb 4,1969, fred hampton and mark clark were shot to death by 14 polic officers. blacklivesmatt"
 it’ a new petit about tighten up the 2a. what do you think? guncontrol 
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
watch live: obama welcom 2015 world seri winner kansa citi royal to white hous  news
trump never said anyth racist or xenophobic. that' what the liber media want you to believe. 
sexysport midnight  synchronis squirt
gave the snap filter some extra touch to make it more realistic. rememberbenghazi hillaryforprison2016 neverhillary… trumpforpresid
thingsinventedwhilehigh quadrupl cheeseburg wrap in a pizza whyyi kindofcuriousthough 
cuba welcom ambassador nomin but say obama can do more  news
 just have a look!
new logo hillarysstool stoolswithh 
chri christi say he' 'combat-ready' for white hous run. jeb bush vs. chri christie: A 2016 tale of the tape 2016elect
"amymelnyk yeah, just befor trump becam the nominee. can you see a pattern here?"
operationtacobowl We have the best latino supporters! 
I don't need the poll to understand who is winning. I trust my eye more!highenergytrumppence16 
"thingsinventedwhilehigh   ww2' technology, strategies, and savageri all were a direct result of mass amphetamin psychosi on all side"
"he' well-known pussi grabber, so😏 "
obama and leonardo dicaprio warn there’ no time left for climatechang denial 
problematickidsshow  midnight  pee wee' pedophil playhous 
guns4ni 2A is my guarante of safeti and freedom
"tcot tlot trump drew record number of new peopl to vote against him: A ""yuuuge"" achievement. "
"muslim boy, 7, beaten by classmat becaus of trump: father "
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
here' how christian conserv greet trump in d.c.
realdonaldtrump bwaaaaahaaaaa clown.... 
"У гарри джонсона, кандидата от либертарианской партии, не будет шанса на дебаты с хиллари и трампом"
"law, order and the ghost of tom joad: thursday' rnc takeaway  polit"
hey blacklivesmatter!  charleskinsey ha noth to do with racism! stop feel so victimized! bluelivesmatt 
"back to the time you were lie next to me, I look across and fell in love."
awful! 
don’t believ the garbag you read! pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here… 
high littl pony!
i'm glad thi mad is about to end. with trump we'll restor what  wa condemn and put to oblivion!… 
happi supremesacrificeday dad!
2 polic offic shot in san diegoand all blacklivesmatt member keep silentdon't their life matter? 
both eye blind retireasongorband
I love help you but I hate the way you take advantag of it  ilove__butihate__
clinton hint at tougher north korea polici  polit
"famousmillennialquot tough time never happen, but tough peopl are racist"
ilove__butihate__ I love food but I hate vegan
kitsond unfortun ye
I thought I wa alon now conspiracysong midnight
"obama face tough question from military, veteran "
islamkil don’t we have a huge debt? where from is obama go to take money for refugees?
"hillaryclinton: ‘lot of smoke,’ but ‘no fire’ with clintonfound "
you better me~  3wordsbetterthanilovey
"callawaybob lminc apparently, hillari support do. and i'm not sure they know how elect work in america"
green day acr addabandtoatvshow
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
'voter who haven't yet settl on a candid in the presidenti elect are more republican-leaning' 
liber head explod with hate comment when trump recruit poll watcher 
ffrnn wakingup TO tyranni obama mock
renamemillionwomenmarch we have to complain about someth march
'the onli religion I respect is islam. the onli prophet I admir is the prophet muhammad' - adolf hitler 
billkristol My soul protests!
islamkil they want to help refuge find job and what about jobless americans? brussel 
befor collaps hillari clinton ignor name of 9/11 victims.. 
boom 
trump campaign send legal letter to nyt demand retract  polit
stephen king thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart "" My g-50 land so smoothly"""
voter may want to think twice about take selfi ...  polit |  
brigadi gener (ret.) remo butler: trump will be the best for the countri militarili 
pro-putin parti on track for landslid win in russian elect  news
obama defend colin kaepernick' right to protest  polit
"mom deni girl were held captive, tortur with music"
hillaryclinton silent major is for trump! great pic!👇 spread it! 
"clinton ascend to nomination, will make history: hillari clinton ascend to the presidenti nomin...  break"
i'm not a sadist commander-in-chief of arm forc who kidnap and tortur peopl in illeg prison reasoniamnotpresid
you don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. all you have to do is to be an intellig human be inmemoryofmalcolmx
blink proof-182 midnight  drunkband
hello twitter! myfirsttweet
doe It realli Do that? stanzaway  news
donald trump: chicago could stop violenc ‘in one week’ 
merkel kämpft entschieden gegen die mängel der gesellschaft merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
have that father/son talk 🐝 
insultingmovi slut-dog thousandair
b_our_selv mission2sardi you don't get 'reason'
enjoy your day!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
"53 year ago today, martin luther king deliv hi famou ""I have a dream"" speech! "
rejecteddebatetop croc with socks. yay or nay?
"and my heart is broken, all my scar are open"
"We keep takin' shots, and if not, you nerdi music"
elect In the u.s.: none Of them Is good for Us clinton trump 
most of dougbenson 's punchlin thingsinventedwhilehigh
the british open To anyth sexysport midnight
76 trombon mustbeban
obama to open conserv tour in lake taho and hawaii 
toavoidworki shoot my foot. - work in nam.
true love lol 
plz RT  texan  let' DO our part to elect a new US hous of representatives.     pjnet
"презервативы ""хиллари"".созданы, чтобы давать чувство защищенности, пока тебя имеют. "
giuliani: trump will do three debat  polit
that` what for they like us((  
amaz ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 
even celebr understand that blacklivesmatt is a joke 
"""mi name is brittani foreman... and today I wit voter fraud."" voterfraud illegal.  pleas share "
obamanextjob street walker stardust193 carolin74464142 
"In iowa, clinton doesn’t mention new fbi email probe as she attack trump’ treatment of women  polit"
"man gibt es einfach nicht auf, merkel schlechtzureden trotzdem merkelmussbleiben"
stephenfhay give us some advice! how to behav in term of water contamin in the american falls?
obama had enough time to show us that the onli thing he deserv is a prison. teapartynew election2016 
"clinton, trump, and the widest transpar gap in campaign histori  "
it feel good damnit
you know you'r in love when you can't fall asleep becaus realiti is final better than your dreams― dr. seuss
break : homeless black trump support beaten by liber while protect trump’ “hollywood star” is found!… 
and meet me at the back of the blue bu  america
my littl sister aubrey made thi elect cake yesterday. trumpforpresid
troutland fishtv midnight
lube mean never have to say you'r sorry.      midnight onewordoffmoviequot
"it` funni when my girlfriend give me the ""silent treatment."" she think it` a punish 😄😄😄"
wa hat merkel falsch gemacht? merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
trump and the gop: did one week chang everything?  polit
whatiwantforchristmasin4word To meet brian king.
RT if you stand with our police! take 1 sec but will show your support which is veri import for them 
"draw muhammad, win $10,000! RT  stopislam crusad makedclisten wakeupamerica politicalislam"
"thingspeopleontwitterlik horrifi pictures. I say this, becaus there are alway at least a dozen horrifi pimple-pictur in my tl."
"thi is one of the greatest movement in american history. we'r end the corruption, lies, and incompetence! "
nake baby' day out redneckamovi midnight
I alreadi post thi on clutch™ but it wa too good not to post on here 
howtoloseyourjob forget to put your flask back in your purs
'the simpsons' enter trump vs. clinton presidenti fray  polit
A dashcam video from the 2015 accid when cop twice bodi slam to the ground a school teacher polic 
"""the reader Of today, are the leader Of tomorrow""worldteachersday "
"‘cuz there’ NO “but” IN dis, bitch"
trump said to begin prepar for first debat vs. clinton: nyt  polit
"sheriff david clarke: ""bluelivesmatt in america""w love thi guy!👏👏👏rncinclebatonroug "
"blackpressday for over 150 years, african american newspap were among the strongest institut in black america."
"sorri about the late tweet. I had errand to run all day. :/ however, a new quot is up, so enjoy!"
A million way to cook in the west makeamoviefat
unacceptable‼️al four presidenti debat moder name are democrats!!!riggeddeb 
humoritarian awful!
john oliver' new advic to donald trump: drop out and you'll be a legend 
"commentary: clinton won, trump lost -- and here' what come next  news "
"no, we'r just afraid of her hillaryclinton   imnotwithh crookedhillari neverhillari "
"let' close the histori book on the failur in washington, and let' open a new chapter of success and prosperity… "
wtf?violenc will continu until murder in blue shirt are arrest and charg for the murder of citizens.
let' discuss thing imtoooldfor
decor by her

"the gem cannot be polish without friction, nor man perfect without trials."
2017survivaltip no more than 3 drink per even
just like that. obama doesn't want isi gone! 
trump direct $2.3m owe to him to hi chariti instead: W. post  polit
My leg are like hobbit` legs!
video: malia obama show her butt...obama' proud! 
funer begin for slain dalla polic officers..bluelivesmatt 
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""islam isi ccot the quran contradict files: what will you eat in hell?   "","""
toavoidworki laugh
"there is no possibl of coexisting, integr or assimil with brainwash jihadist islamistheproblem"

"fidel castro, 1926-2016caus of death: america becom great again"
trump alli move to stem damag from strong clinton debat  polit
biden pull no punch in trump attack at dnc  |  
"they are hide money, that’ what it is! hillaryfaild"
whyishouldcuffup becaus long and cold winter night are come and i need someon to bring me tea. or wine
No fuck word limit  4wordgreatidea
you will never be happi if you continu to hold on to the thing that make you sad.
"sometim I can't stand you, and sometim it feel like I can't stand without you."
meet peac muslim show the vers in quran which say how infidel must be slaughtered! 
To get rid of those who claim that islam is the religionofpeac is the onli way to make america safe again not vote trump
"leote sadly, not all afro-american can respect use guns, so tighten 2A is a must! "
"trump senior advisor, “we couldn’t Be happier, we’r look for big win!  "
"obama is a disaster, good that at least netanyahu ha brain and courag to say the real thing bibivsobama"
topnew trump lose bid for pretrial win in trump univers lawsuit
maaaaaaan veri nice i can't believ it' amaz 
donaldthemuttgump fact cognitivedisson realdonaldtrump you'r trash 
reagan had a poetic imagination.. 
von 1993 bi 2000 war ich landesvorsitzend der cdu in mecklenburg-vorpommern merkelmussbleiben
makesexawkwardin5word A restrain order by parents...rofl
polit christi to rnc: clinton earn 'guilty' verdict
Oh boy. timetravelerproblem
"dear liberals, thi is what realiti look like. "
abcliz seniabc trumppence16 maga draintheswamp hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"trump lift ban on media outlets, at least for pool duti  polit"
clinton’ nation secur alli rip trump for not condemn russia’ alleg role in email hack  polit
I need coffe right now! 
dnc day 1: view from the convent floor  polit
"like a bullet your love hit me to the core, I wa fli till you knock me to the floor."
sometimesitsokto be late
"trump fan wake, and wait in vain, for a wikileak ‘octob surprise’  polit"
"trump a win for michigan’ gop activists: thi year, the republican parti establish is get ...  break"
even the bbc is call out lester holt for hi bias moderation! trumpwontrumpafact… 
local group forming-join state facebook group tcot pjnet   drbencarson2016  
"selmatomontgomery1965 mlkmarch help to reduc the dispar between black and white voters, thank mlk "
priest by priest kellyclarkson makemusicreligi
rememb lgbt support muslims?! 
miss congeni  myemmynominationwouldb 
hillaryclinton fli in privat jet 40 mile from martha’ vineyard to nantucket 
"barkley prais green after arrest: 'good for draymond green,' barkley said.         cleveland sport"
baton roug shootings: obama say 'nothing' justifi attac...  |  
coupon for prostat exam whatiwantforchristmasin4word
the view on our elect from other countries:nbcnewsforum 
clinton’ remark about young voter fuel new trump ‘basement dwellers’ pitch  news
obama clap back at hillary’ color peopl joke!!!savag 
happi thanksgiv everyone! what are you thank for?
the best news today is what sheriff said. now I see how inept obama realli is guns4ni
"trump shift on cuba, say he would revers obama' deal  polit"
"cop bodi slam, beat &amp; make racist comment to teacher on video -- won't face charges(1/5) "
luckili for obama that he can't be elect for one more term caus even if he could no one would vote for him
patriots! let peopl know that in case hillari win america won't survive. makeamericagreatagain!trumptrain 
"whyimgangsta onc a mission girl, alway a mission girl oscar_415"
"everi man need a good woman when hi life is a mess, becaus just like the game of chess, the queen protect her king."
"obama to police: thank for serving, 'we have your backs' "
iran atom chief see no threat to nuclear deal if trump becom u.s. presid  world news
"clinton, trump brace for the ‘snl’ factor  news"
"topnew trump, clinton take hit from leak just ahead of key debat"
mayb it would be better to make a reason choice? votetrump 
wikileak is reveal truth about hillari and is call terrorist 
It doesn't matter if it' true or falseiw to knoe people' opinion 
survivalguidetothanksgiv never take off your headphones.
idahogop Do you have ani idea how to reduc damag from water contamin with phosphoru in the american falls?!
clinton hold democrat in immedi aftermath of fbi e-mail bombshel  polit
just a remind that we could have rand paul as a nomine 
bbcgoodnew have you ani advic for those who panic about water contamin with phosphoru in the american falls?!
gopdeb what if trump realli wins? then america will be great again! vegasgopdeb
peopl are call for michel obama to run for presid in 2020: 
read: full text of presid barack obama' speech at dnc 2016
you seem so real. sometim I forget that thi is all a dream
whi do anti-abort leader support trump? hi run mate  polit
guns4ni guncontrol is irrelevant. what about obama' and saudi' friendship?
thi wa done by islam! it' time to get your head out of your asses! refuge are not welcome!!!!!!! islamkil
philippines' duterte: obama must listen to me on human right  news
obama say trump should visit new african-american museum 
everi action in our live touch on some chord that will vibrat in eternity.
👇trend alert👇hillaryaprovenlead in short circuit &amp; select memory! 
ireallylikeyoubut I knock off late from work to be have extra curricular activities.
"obama, mexican presid stress import of relationship  |  "
demndeb We need to chang our educ system so that such dumb peopl as hillari would not be elect demdeb
".drkevincampbell: ""we have to give our kid hope again and i'm hope with our new administr we can actually… "
atlantabreak so bad
all in the sli and the famili stone  addabandtoatvshow
"french satir magazin charli hebdo set it sight on trump, obama  "
No is alway a door-clos word
это видео прекрасно! 
"the american singer, songwrit and actress, beyoncé ha got a total 9 nomin in the 2017 grammi awards."
politweec how did he do it? it' rather hard...
cloth on floor mybedroomin3word
"meltdown, it' not a crush"
thingspeopleontwitterlik show me shit I don't wanna see...ever. unse
david scott see an open in donald trump’ comment on race  |  
someon pl call the exorcist 
"jonvince1 I had alreadi sign it, just read it! and you will do it too! "
"problematickidsshow finder keepers, but loser suck! midnight"
"f you post a podestaemails35 link, tag it with a pro-hillari tag so corrupthillari voter will see it too. trumpforpresid"
".mike_pence: ""carrier chose to stay in indiana becaus america chose to make donald trump the next presid of t… "
"hillari also stole all berni talk points. So you can say she stole hi speeches, as well as the entir elect "
"It is not sustain . islamkills"""
poor guy! 
I love thi so much! 
today I need a jet fuel to get everyth done
"""""i knew there wa corruption, but the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming.""- carson "
jerri falwel jr.: trump is a differ man than the man you saw on that video 11 year ago &amp; he want what' best… 
stonedcomicbook 
wow call of duti 4 look great! I hope they don't do anyth differ afterward tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
barack hussein obama presid in one picturei'm happi that it' almost overmaga 
I feel perfect after my mom dinner reasonmymomisbett
donald trump' tax returns: whi won't he releas them?  polit
thingsnottaughtatschool how to share my food with other 
clinton campaign: AP report on donor reli on ‘flaw data’  polit
fact check: trump worri about a 'rigged' elect  polit
onewordoffbook the brother karamazel tov midnight
MT johnsonfa54: when will the genocid be stop america? 60 million and counting! ccot  wakeupamerica pjnet
the idea to ban and regist gun is realli stupid.teapartynew 
"'when it come to radic islam terrorism, ignor is not bliss. it' deadly.'- D. trump "
"dank merkel läuft deutsch wirtschaft auf hochtouren, ein sonderfal in europa merkelmussbleiben"
clever_dov thi is strong
honor our fallen 
twitter ha tag that remind me i'm prone to depress igetdepressedwhen
khan ask mccain to withdraw trump support  polit |  
what the???? 
ccot al-qaeda activist embrac twitter for onlin jihad  independ democrat republican gop conserv
"stop take No for an answer: what We learn from mlk, Jr  inspir mlk blacklivesmatt "
My husband isn't my cousin unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
long island ice-t drunkband midnight
liber that did noth for peopl here are bash trump for give play-doh to children in shelters. morons! 
A black president? can't pictur it. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
head roll AT dnc: three top offici resign in wake of email hack:  
childrenthinkthat it' funni when you step on a lego
don’t empti the babi out with the bath water
whi there are still some peopl who'r go to vote for hillary? how can thi be real? 
addcartoonstohistori 
"oh, it' on like everyth goe love rap"
icelebratetrumpwith build a wall around my backyard. just in case.
america is the land of the free onli becaus of the braveinhonorof
"manuelakc frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
bullet to chew happi
rhoni kristen taekman husband josh is an ashley madison user
shave ryan' privat allmalereboot
2016electionin3word stay presid obama.
merkel ist ein kanzlerin zum anfassen merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
trumpbecaus donald trump would be the best thing to happen to thi countri in a long time makeamericagreatagain 🙈
"huge: trump beat hillari by 15% on be ""honest and trustworthy"" (on cnn!)nbcnewsforum "
mike_p gatorsfb amazing!
my4wordnewyearsresolut  qualifi for fut champion
you have my love san bernadino  prayers4california
thank you erictrump for your vote!your father will be the best presid ever!electionday ivot 
isi action in texa are aw texasjihad
"unless you plan on hous and feed the refuge yourself, shut up islamkil"
"As debat near, is clinton top trump in new poll? "
the man with the golden gundam japanamovi midnight
"you hate me? I hate me, too!"
"report: alabama police, DA have frame as mani as 1,000 innoc black men for drugs, gun for years, mani still in…"
"brussel the more refuge reach europ the more instabl is the situat there, we don’t need more riot here islamkil"
"berni campaign director endors trump, slam hillary' elitismthousand of hi support disgust with hillar… "
trump2k16 hillaryforprison2k16  trumpforpresid 
"A man fall in love through hi eyes, a woman through her ears."
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm thing will be alright in the end, you can do it"
congress reject obama veto of 9/11 bill; first overrid of hi presid  polit
who let the fart out? retireasongorband
ihavearighttoknow whi peopl drive slow In fastlane. worldofhashtag 
holding. police. accountable.
polit transcript: hillari clinton accept presidenti nomin at the democrat nation convent
let' not forget about the contribut into prosper of the american societi those who oppos trump recent mad… 
not the other way around! 
"beingblacki show emot by running, jumping, screaming, move to lo angel and convert into scientolog"
trump' lawsuit threat against accus overshadow agenda 
fbi note reinforc clinton’ ‘bad judgment’: trump aid  polit
shotgun a brew otherthingstodoin6second
"topnew trump' campaign hit by lewd remark about women, caught on tape"
"We can never forget 22 veteran kill themselv everi day and we can’t forget 300,000 homeless heroes. "
merkel gehört zu deutschland merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
kaine: trump 'pushing' kkk valu  polit
"donald trump' trip to see louisiana flood 'helpful,' gov. edward tell cnn  polit"
trumpbecaus even the realdonaldtrump know he' on top! makeamericagreatagain 🐑👈🏿
and we are go to becom unit again!maga 
when will obama and cair come out and threaten us if we are islamaphobic?islamkil trump2016 brussel brussel
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
hillari ha alreadi shown how she use her posit to make money hillarynothnx
clinton hate black people. but she still pander becaus she need 93% of black votes. 
"""ruinadinnerinonephras me: whi is the food cold and bland?dad: bc your mum put her heart and soul into it"""
can you believ it? smth 
die cdu ist und bleibt ein volkspartei der mitte. merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
guardian Of the thermostat superoldhero midnight
who' upset about the ban? caus i'm not
"toavoidworki I use everi trick in the book, and luckily, it' one hell of a big book!"
renamemillionwomenmarch I can't name it but it smell of desper
hater are gonna hate 
wood open wyndham championship with hi best round of golf in two year
oscarnom oscarformuhammad caus He told me how to forgiv and treat peopl nice
islamkil I don’t want my tax money to be spend on refuge while those are go to kill peopl stopislam
kill all the cop is the motto of peac charlotteprotest 
A word Of truth: quanel X for trump!:  via youtub
trumpbecaus american are tire of what goe on in washington. WE want real chang trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 🎅🏿👅👈🏿
I love go to bed but I hate wake up... ilove__butihate__ adudecalleddan
backgroundcheck on american but not syrianrefugees? seem legit  prayers4california
adm pacif fleet high treason highest level RT  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot 
MT texasshebandit: A vote for tedcruz is A vote for conservatism.  cruzcrew pjnet
fishtv the big bass theori 
the mind is everything. what you think you become.  – buddha
i'm old and irrat frightened. cancelplansin5word
adorable😊trump bring a littlest support on stage at greenbay rally. 
"ein menschlicher, an christlichen werten ausgerichtet kur merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
that' whi I stand for nation anthem! 
US sailor get 1 year of prison for be reckless w/ 6 photo of subhillari get away w/ 15k emails..… 
sie unterstützt flüchtling aber kein wirtschaftsflüchtlinge!  merkelmussbleiben
liber work by manipul the weak-mind through self-hatred. gopdebatesc
funniest ban commerci 
liberallog 
isi senior leader abusayyaf kill in u.s. raid in syria. obama' meet with saudi princ wa succes
politico polit clinton white hous pass up pardon for chelsea' father-in-law: Ed mezv...  uniteblu tcot
muslim firebomb bu in parisrefuge still welcome? refugeeswelcom  
you know you'r on the right side of histori when peopl who oppos you burn flagsthursdaythought 
igetdepressedwhen I can't listen to music ♪♪ (becaus of that stupid thing call work)
zum glück haben wir kein anschläg in deutschland überlebt merkelmussbleiben
convent mba program train the wrong peopl in the wrong way with the wrong consequences. – henri mintzberg
dnc live: some sander backer want dnc apolog on TV  polit
a trophi thingspeopleontwitterlik
freakyp88 cantescapetruth returnofthej how the hell is that white people' fault you race bate libnut?
rejecteddebatetop snapchat filter
the phantom of the opera: electr boogaloo dumberbroadway
"hillari clinton releas 2015 tax returns, call for trump to do the same  polit"
philippsteu sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
"attack dog then, attack dog now…nodapl "
I love the view 
breakinghillari clinton for presid just learn that gennif flower agre to attend debates2016 watch her… 
happi 70th bill!
soldier gave teir live for our freedom and our peac supremesacrificeday
betteralternativetodeb  find use adult diaper in A trial room
"sean lay it all out clean and concisely. well, as concis as you can be with all her corruption. votetrumppence16…trumpforpresid"
midnight lazi susan sarandon politicalfood
hillaryclinton scandal that still matter is not the one you think  
politweec whi ha he done it?
conceal is the seed-sourc of everi human conflict.
If i had a car like that id drif it with my grandma 
"when you'r play against the best, you have to play your best. – declan kidney iamonfir"
.realdonaldtrump is a role model! 
superoldhero growth ...(groot) midnight
o.j. simpson trial addcartoonstohistori midnight
"legal asian immigr from the countri with the world' largest muslim population, rock her trump hat.rncincl "
the breakfast fight club addamovieruinamovi midnight
the short list of fakenew 
DO not let thi BE anoth sandra bland. protect her. blackskinisnotacrim
when you see racist comment under someon post of black exel 
what is thi year actual date 
NY high school footbal game suspend after ole miss quarterback involv in on-field brawl 
trump 'bets' suspect not on watch list becaus he' litigi  polit
six feet underwat fishtv midnight
"democrats: hillari in trouble, “we’r panicked”trumpiswithyoutrumpyourself rncincl "
So shut the fuck up 
"""I love the biker and they'v been so good to me throughout thi campaign."" 'roastandride' "
fbi obtain warrant for newli found clinton-rel e-mails: nbc  polit
liver and onion lastminutegifts2016
interst to know obama' pseudonymwa it turnip lover? tiger wood sucks? Or mayb acab? 
"trump, clinton launch fall push on same tarmac  polit"
weed and more weed  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
modern societi is like 
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal! 
If trump cannot protect hi own tower how is he go to cope with the wall that he want to build? 
"jill stein: ""how much more evid doe govern need to press charg against hillari clinton?"" "
I want my kid to live in a safe world policebrut mikebrown fergusonrememb
drunkband midnight   mad dog night
"fall for someon is easy, get back up after the fall is the problem."
iamthankfulfor all my mutuals. y'all make me happi everi singl day. I love y'all
"If you had to choos between vote for trump or spend the night in a haunt house; what would you do with your new friend, casper?"
"I lost my love, my life that night. itun"
thi nake donald trump statu cannot Be unseen  |  
"unlikelymagic8ballansw wait, what? I didn't hear you the first 28 times."
that' what our soldier realli think about hillary! pleas spread hi msg far &amp; wide!!!!nbcnewsforum 
2ndamendmentday is a great day
forebodingstew I despis hillaryrottenclinton. If you had one brain cell you would too!  pamm_golden7 trumpforpresid
colin powel talk about hi involv in hillari clinton' email scandal: polit extra  polit
As everi voic is hang from the silenc  rap
die erst frau al kanzler merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
sanders: dnc chair wasserman schultz right to resign  polit
mark cuban endors hillari clinton  polit
"clinton, trump show stark contrast on climat chang  news |  "
run do robothiphop midnight
don't miss the game!☺️ 
humoritarian death penalti not enough for thi bastard
"polls, all the polls! Do you like polls? thingspeopleontwitterlik"
"when I woke up, the rain wa pourin' down itun"
dy to know. afraid to find out.
trump head to mexico ahead of immigr speech 
manhood dickflick midnight
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carson"
 realli interesting!
stop be fool and start protect yourself guns4ni
my4wordnewyearsresolut j'arret d'etr sarcastiqu duh Je commencerai a fumer  j'aimerai boir un coup
they gather in hope of hear clinton’ victori speech. the night end in sob an...  
obama' face on the inaugurationday 
harold
doe terrorisn have a religion? islamkil brussel
gute nacht mein lieben! träumen süß! 
joostniemol trumptrain trump trumppence16 crookedhillari trumpforpresid
trumppence2016 roadtocleveland rncincl 
"donald trump, in cleveland, speak about polic shootings: ohio polit roundup  polit"
watch &amp; spread the msg of black pastor explain whi african-american should vote donald trump!thegophasbecom 
colleg student analyz unusu 2016 elect campaign 
the best dress trump supporter?show us your trump suit or get one befor the next rally.maga 4trump 
watch: mike penc ha bigger crowd than hillari clinton.. 
mark zuckerberg and priscilla chan will donat almost all their facebook...
make america great again offendeveryonein4word
who are we to say?    pjnet wakeupamerica tcot ccot tgdn
technolog is move forward!! 
I wa rate hot and/or not! midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
kevin can wait polit midnight maketvshowscanadian
'today' suspend billi bush after trump tape fallout 
"say you could handl my love, are you for real"
call other peopl ugli doesn't make you ani prettier
unlimit retweet for 20 minutes. lastminutegifts2016
letter from a former inmat to presid obama.sherman D. chester wa given a life sentenc for a minor drug crime 
neverhillari crookedhillari toilerdoorhumor gameshowhostpickuplin imendingstigmabi mastermind how bout now 
"watch thi amaz video! I can't stop 😂 hillari fan are so trigger right now, it' hilarious!!maga3x… "
🔴 zwei verletzt bei explos in mehrfamilienhausdortmund
"A bit tired, and i'm sorri for the wait too"
hillaryclinton vote trumpforpresid
some run beauti
social media react to melania trump' speech at gop convent  |  
islamkil prayforbrussel  stopislam 
midnight problematickidsshow the magic short bu
"happi thanksgiving, comrades😂 "
brussel islamkil In all honesti what if syrian refuge are isi soldier act
"good morning, patriots! here’ a beauti hous of trump support from pa. god bless america, have a good day! "
"obama say trump' unfit to serve: darci cartoon: trump comment refocus attent on hi five deferments, inc...  cleveland polit"
"whenitimetravel I bring bottl water. (um, no offens intended, 8th centuri london)"
badjudgmentin5word hillari clinton and barack obama 
I told you not to! momin5word
"I respect our police, but sometim you must react immedi "
"i'v said it before, but thunderdome!!!! betteralternativetodeb"
becaus impeach him might be seen as racism wakeupamerica trump2016 
"our religion is under attack, our flag are taken down, and politician tri again and again to disarm everi patriot "
politicorog real refuge are good but didnt peopl see what these fake maggot were do at port in europe? stopislam islamkil
clinton see best-yet fundrais number as gener begin  polit
"never forget those who gave you a help hand, and alway rememb those who didnt."
"topvideo icymi: trump univers jokes, sarah silverman and bernie' support "
okay. face it - you'r fat darl
greggonski who knows? 😋
thingsnottaughtatschool how to make boob bigger
"trump call flint pastor ‘a nervou mess,’ accus her of plan to interrupt him  polit"
"obama campaign in nevada, visit california "
valley Of the sandals. midnight summeramovi
thingsnottaughtatschool how to stay hydrat 
sanctuari citi mayor condemn trump should be arrest american thinker   pjnet 222 maga h… trumpforpresid
gruenderkompakt sind die chancen bei bundeskanzlerin merkel für 4. amtszeit hoch? merkelmussbleiben
rememb you love your famili and rememb you love your famili  survivalguidetothanksgiv
mani childrenthinkthat they are entitl to some kind of award just for participating.
blackhawk down syndrom  addamovieruinamovi midnight
1000 muslim demonstrierten gegen gewalt und  terror. und die polizei gibt 200-300 teilnehm an. nichtmitun
'trump will show 0 toler for peopl call for the death of polic officers'~ newt gingrich 
ведущий радио шоу марк левин голосует за трампа 
stopislam islamkil are you tri to say that there were no terrorist attack in europ befor refuge were let in?
doe donald trump still want to ban muslim immigration? polit extra  polit
humoritarian poor piggi
"whine is not onli graceless, but can be dangerous. It can alert a brute that a victim is in the neighborhood."
our tag today is reallifemagicspel
We deserv the right of self-protect 2ndamendmentday
realdonaldtrump never falter!
sharia law: woman savag whip in public flog for have sex outsid marriag religionofpeac 
father of 4 kill for not hold the door open for a woman at mcdonalds.  america. 2016. 
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
"vckomara420 whi don't you tell islam radic to ""stop thi overt hatred""?"
even the rig mainstream media say donald trump won the debatetrumpwon  
"In deutschland leben mehr al zehn millionen ausländer. Es ist interessant, au welcher region die mehrheit kommt? 🤔"
"I like nonsense, it wake up the brain cells. fantasi is a necessari ingredi in living.  – dr. seuss"
hillaryclinton you hate basementdwellers!
renamemillionwomenmarch oppress olymp for higher bitch privileg
"overheardatthewishingwel ""... and make it look like an accident."""
"thi is probabl the most accur statement about ""all live matter"" "
"Of course,  dem want to take our right and give them to the refuge so that they vote for them vegasgopdeb"
"In donald trump, some see a new champion of hope and chang "
"'hillari is steal america, wherea donald trump is tri to save our society.' ~ herman cain "
best starter pack  😂tcot pjnet 
elect couldn't get ani crazier 
human skin theme mybedroomin3word
prolif 
obamalegaci first black presid to have black racist under hi presid who kidnap and tortur white peopl 
celebr kangaroo  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
there is more hunger for love and appreci in thi world than for bread.
"thiscouldbeusbut we are gay and... oh, wait! now we can!!! lovewin"
the best! mike tyson!! 
hate crime: white supremacist slap with 10-year jail term 
fact-check 1st gener elect debat  polit
are there still trump supporters? trump 
illeg rush to vote against donald trump. they don't want to makeamericagreatagain help us realdonaldtrump 
"how big -- or small -- are donald trump' hands, really? (and how do you measur up?)  polit"
"cb pittsburgh сообщает о том, что голоса отдают хиллари клинтон , хотя люди голосовали за трампа electionday "
famili want answer after photo appear to show cop pose happili with dead bodypolicebrut ftp 
hillari clinton order to remov sander sign from demconvent silenc peopl is clinton style demsinphilli 
al-baghdadi ha phd in islam studi he' follow true islam!that' what he think about the 'religion of peac… 
We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate!rt to spread awareness! 
"obama want to take care of refugees, what about take care of our homeless vet first? islamkil stopislam"
summer Of samuri  japanamovi midnight
coalit for a new chicago to gather support for bill to allow recal of . resignrahm rahmemanuelout
aljazeera new groundhog punxsutawney phil predict end of US winter: As much of the united...  uniteblu tcot
"Do not stay neutral!b neutral help oppressors, not their victims. blacktwitt blacklivesmatt "
"nbc new fire ‘today’ show host billi bush, who wa caught on tape in vulgar convers with donald trump ... "
alway more great music 4wordgreatidea
that' how much hillari care about votes. 
"A dog, diesel, wa shot dure polic raid in saintdenis. the dog did more to defeat isi than obama jesuischien "
my4wordnewyearsresolut drink till i'm blind
thingsifixwithtap nois pollut 
gute nacht! schlaft gut! 😊 
childrenthinkthat dad' beat mommi when in realiti he' just bang mommi
сегодня ночью можете удалять все ваши мемы про обамы electiondaytoday you can delet all your meme about obama… 
"I don't live for glamor and I don't care for fame, i'm in it for the love of the game"
.davidwohl on senwarren: “she need to...focu more on her constitu than tri to tear down our new presiden… 
just hold me close.
the planet move around the sun in perfect harmony. each planet is happi with it place in the universe. let us also be happi with ours.

god bless america 2016electionin3word
trump: clinton knew about mcauliff donat to fbi official’ wife  polit
"onewordoffmoviequot midnight Go ahead, make my cake!"
here are 12 women who made alleg against trump thi week  polit
and thi is what we have to look forward to in edm... 
stopthefuckeri tossthechair berntheestablish lockherup impeachlynch draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
spent a.m. research striptease. plan on show hubbi he is what iamthankfulfor! tradwif biblestyl danceofmahanaim so 6:13-7:8
who' speak on the final night of the democrat convention?  |  
dedic your chanukah to blacklivesmatter. sign up now on wearevsgoliath to find out how. menorah  
when your god allow you to marri as mani women as you wantmuslim 
hezbollah declar trump right to say u.s. creat islam state  polit
our vet deserv free educ not illeg alien who hate america and just want to get everyth for free! 
I wish I wa at the wheel! 
It wouldn't have becom public if those scumbag hadn't been stupid enough to livestream it. ani trust in the msm l… 
"poll find clinton, van hollen with wide lead in maryland "
start on my2017resolut right now so i can give up on it befor the new year and start it again
let see how the elector colleg vote today
"releaseclintonsmedicalrecord bill clinton celebr hi 70th birthday! noth to hide here, they are both ill"
"hillari clinton charg children $2,700 for a chanc to ask her a question. corrupt beyond redemt"
.potu on batonrouge: 'we may not yet know the motiv of thi attack'think harder dumbass! 
He onli care about hi agendatcot pjnet 
the sight of you make me weak love feel
"I just publish “democrat against democracy, pt. 2” "
iamthankfulfor my daughter final persev and get her flu shot! itsthelittleth
now it' time to stand for thing that we believ in.teaparti 2a gunsinamerica 
jenn_abram this.is. sooooooo funny!!
thi is montrel jackson a cop kill in batonroug thi morning. hi 4yo son is now without a dad!
betteralternativetodeb   rebuild the eiffel tower with 76 billion mummifi ant
Be honest with me from the beginning.
"blame bill deblasio, worst man ever, mayb now he will be fired?! rooseveltshoot gardencityshoot"
i'm so fat ppl can't see the sunlight!
stopislam islamkil brussel under siege. prayforbrussel brusselsattack 
guten morgen mein lieben! habt einen tollen dienstag! 😘 
ryan flub footbal analog to describ gop divid  polit
want to be someon you'r not is a wast of the person you are. -kurt cobain
"trump say kain ‘owned’ by banks, sander ‘fought for nothing’  polit"
magneat-o  softenabadguy midnight
young leo make me feel some type of way 😍
thingspeopleontwitterlik irrelev gif 
"can’t swallow our pride, neither of us wanna rais that flag"
democrat nation convent kick off monday in philadelphia  polit
"don't cri for those who never make you smile. don't make those who alway make you smile, cri for you.  – ihq"
"thanksobama for all the help for the veterans…oh, wait!"
"that’ a good warning. We alreadi know how hillari ""won"" democrat primaries: by bribe and ballot box stuffing. "
merkel soll erdogan opfer asyl gewähren. flüchtling sind immer ein gute idee! merkelmussbleiben
worstpaineverin3word hungri
‘no right to exist’ clinton campaign vow to shut down news site that oppos her 
he' just got the tip into you. dickflick midnight
escap from alcatraz there' no AC summeramovi
I think she can go for a 40-years-long walk in a desert and take her support with her right away!… 
clinton parad float draw fire  news
topd blue jay midnight maketvshowscanadian
take the red pill 4wordgreatidea 
obama cancel meet with new philippin presid dutert 
An american werewolf in london call addasongruinamovi
"look, we can debat thi all night. 😂 emojiaweekend"
"“99 problems"" i'll add one more and promis i'll Be done! - by jay Z retireasongorband"
scientist name parasit after barack obama  polit
"today it' sanbernardino hashtag, and onc again peopl blaim guns. what about the author who let thi happen? prayers4california"
pal�stinens erschie�t isra � attent�t tot 
insanity: franc is destroy 1868 cathol church to build a new mosque!!! 
"happen today: trump, giuliani, obama trip, zara lawsuit  "
cost of the pumpkin: $2 cost to save america: priceless trump2k16 trumpthatbitch  trumpforpresid
sometimestwittermakesm do
nocybercensorship shut down freespeech on campu mean the end of western civil
what thi brilliant candid deserv is prison! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
.wikileak expos the whole corrupt system around her but idiot will still support her. 
"breaking: 3 injur in heidelberg, germani after suspect w/ knife drove hi car into a pedestrian area."
flint reality. 
hillari clinton is tri so hard to be relat and is fail in everi way possibl demdeb demndeb
faketrumpintelligencebrief won't be funni ani longer if it come true 
... 
"clever_dov pigeon is in the gang, he' guilti 😂"
"trump campaign manag suggest candid broke embargo by spend money in cuba, if indirectli  polit"
It is not a problem when peopl tell you that you will not make it. It is onli a problem when you believ them.
makeabookwarm a man call ove ???? 
how mani gallon of shit each candidate' diaper hold  rejecteddebatetop
reprodblum whi do we have to stay alert? whi doe it keep happen to us?  stopislam islamkil
"everi time you face a democrat you can hear ""you'r racist!"" tcot pjnet "
too mani peopl are think of secur instead of opportunity. they seem more afraid of life than death. jame F byme
donor push team clinton near $1 billion mark  polit
lostin3word it' quick sand
trump' definit of a 'small loan' dure debat get roast by twitter  
"policebrut is a plagu of our society. the plagu can onli be elimin with fire. so, fire all them all antipolicebrutalityday"
.mike_pence: “i'm here tonight to say ‘thank you’ for elect a presid who will make america great again.” 
you'd better read it befor watch debat 
"thi should definit be an athleticstvshow option after it box offic success: ""the big hurt locker""!⚾️"
"clinton responds, with fervor, to girl' question on bodi imag "
".ivankatrump: ""for more than a year, donald trump ha been the people’ champion."" rncincl "
islamkil Et sa continu brussel
obama to hit the road for clinton as campaign near conclus  polit
🚨fraud🚨commission of board of elections: dem bu peopl around to vote from poll site to poll sitetwitt cen… 
topvideo anti-trump protest with gun outsid rnc 
"well, civil peopl don't share these values. so, basically, your religionofpeac contradict the veri concept… "
trump event at 6 p.m. wednesday in phoenix  polit
"""thingsthatshouldbecensor gay"
informtheelectorsof what? the results? 
reportedly: abu bakr al-baghdadi made a rare appear in iraq' mosul. In risalah (red dot) 
the clinton are again expos as corrupt liars.histori repeat itself! hillarysemail 
Q: whi are hillari support so violent? A: they were instruct &amp; paid to incit riot and violence.… 
our life is imposs without our leader! We rememb you happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
life is so much better when you'r laugh :)
"boom💥lifelong democrat and ex-tim kain staffer crickers: ""it' unconscion to vote for hillary""… "
that wa cool 
aren't we deserv to live everi day without fear of be shot by cops?! enough is enough.reneedavis… 
"milwaukeevoic honor scores, perfect game"
obama is divid our nation. democrat don't care about people! blue live matter. all live matter 
Do you want realdonaldtrump to put an end to sanctuari cities?
.tomfitton: the clinton foundat and hillari clinton are be protect by the doj. there' a cover-up go on… 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart here' a rais in pay and benefits. you are total worth it.
"barack obama use free tacos, trump bash to appeal to ohio voter  polit"
donald trump' campaign deni roger ailes' role in debat prep: polit extra  polit
"ohio rnc deleg marker, remind of john kasich' candidacy, a part of ohio history: ohio' deleg to the...  cleveland polit"
how could thi happen? We can`t protect ourselv phosphorusdisast  in american fall
thingshillarygoogl how to get more donat from saudis? 
all four moder in presidenti debat are democrats. rig system. but they won't stop us 
"anoth day, anoth hashtag blacklivesmatt blackskinisnotacrim philandocastil"
europ is almost dead 
watch: trump support chant “lock her up” at massiv ambridg ralli in pennsylvania.. trumptrain maga 
she look shocked😂 
ihaveadreamthat peopl read more book
wikileak will ‘absolutely’ releas ‘significant’ hillaryclinton document befor elect 
obama vs brexit  
"not one black person in sight, hmmm "
live your life with arm wide open
muslim ruin olymp spirit: egyptian judoka boo for refus to shake hand with isra oppon who beat him 
rulesforeverydayliv  *buy a real newspaper. *ask real questions. *movi star will be fine w/o you obsess abt their marriages.
ruinadinnerinonephras what do you think of II amendment?
obama: pull up drawbridg on trade would hurt US worker  busi
"padre, don't preach makemusicreligi"
'kept me out of jail': top doj offici involv in clinton probe repres her campaign chairman 
reasonstogetdivorc it' cheaper than murder
ruinadinnerinonephras but i'm still hungry😬
donald trump reveal hi econom advis  polit |  
polic investig vandal of trump’ hollywood star  news
trump supporter' 'taco trucks' remark draw mockeri 
"If you love somebody, better tell them while they’r here ’caus they just may run away from you."
fakedncfact A rare pictur of hillari clinton dig a grave for the wall street ceos. 
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust pjnet tcot  "
who need obama' signatur anymorelos 
 so funny)
" yeah, man)))"
major of snap poll show trump won debat by a landslid despit cnn' overwhelm victori for hillari in bi… 
hillaryclinton pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
that person you think you'r in love with? they don't love you back. don't wast the next three year pining. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
I wonder what millenni overgrown babi would do if hillari get elected. I mean she would tax the sh*t out of am… 
He came to the US legally! He support trump2016! 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin trump univers no1 worldwid accord to arwu
"ccot""isi islam such a ration religion!  "","
makemusicreligi  priest of burden
how to restrain myself from punch stupid peopl in the face
kain vs. pence: the vice presidenti debat  polit
q&amp;a: what are tran fat and whi are they unhealthful?  news
show me the monkey! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
ilikepeoplewho like me
"half a dozen clouds"""
summeramovi sweat bullet over broadway
"gute nacht, mein lieben! "
twittercanbeabit I pee sit down becaus i'm vegan
survivalguidetothanksgiv   alcohol.
hillari clinton reli on bush-era offici for new spanish-languag TV ad campaign  polit
plz RT  alabama  plz defeat your entir hous of repres delegation.     pjnet
slide into dm  thingspeopleontwitterlik
miss saigon dumberbroadway midnight
"sadly, thi is complet accurateliberallog "
"foxnew realdonaldtrump hillaryclinton hillari is collapsing, just like her poll numbers!"
how do you think the murder of russian ambassador in turkey could be caus by mainstream media who radic russian action in syria?
donald trump: i'll help you with child care  polit |  
ireallylikeyoubut but I don't play that shit where u pick on my food
"ihatepokemongobecaus when a man ask ""wanna see my pikachu?"" is not about pokemon go"
messer-attentät von hamburg war polizeibekannt islamist barmbek 
A real patriot' duti is to protect hi peopl from the government!  makeamericagreatagain 
"african american support with shirt on that say ""republican are not racists"" at trump rally..fridayfeel "
"breaking: one killed, two injur in overnight shoot in baltimor "
how come there' no rehab clinic for hashtag addiction? thetroublewithaddict
anti-hillari merchandis outsel anti-trump gear by over 814 percent outnumb 
while everyon is discuss burkiniban polic scotland introduc uniform hijab 
merkel wird immer um die zukunft de euro kämpfen! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"i'm glad hillari is not help louisiana!rememb how she ""helped"" haiti!!! whereshillari "
"haiti to hold presidenti elect in november, after storm delay  news"
"boobs, lips. guitar and ac/dc!!! "
thi is hillarious. for the first time I agre with obama trump2016  
MT proudinfidel33: My job of destroy america is almost over ...  wakeupamerica pjnet
"To end racism first stop talk about it and push your ""white=racist"" narrativetrump2016 "
democrat senators: move u.s. women' open out of trump' n.j. golf cours 
email prove that the protest outsid trump ralli are staged! dncleak 
honorforthebrav polic offic who protect our live and risk their live
redneckamovi hatfield of dream midnight
rant-man  superoldhero
"oaklandtim huh, no surpris"
"it' the great depression, charli brown addcartoonstohistori midnight"
it' better to have a gun and not need it than to need a gun and not have it...2a 
"cruz, in reversal, issu endors of trump for presid  polit"
"injuri found on alaska mayor' body, polic say - fox new tech ✇ tcot"
"malcolm X wa a crimin and advoc a violent path, black kkk inmemoryofmalcolmx "
trump: 'I love' that clinton pick kain for vp: donald trump can count the reason he say he love hillary... 
the tragedi in life doesn't lie in not reach your goal. the tragedi lie in have no goal to reach.  – benjamin may
islam is the religion of toler your children should rememb about it 
her messag make a great differ to me.  hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
"istartcryingwhen someon say ""trump may be a good president"""
ihaveadreamthat stupid peopl would avoid get near me at all cost 
Oh don`t do thi 
igetdepressedwhen peopl are offend by everyth
"what' the earth with all it art, verse, music, worth  – compar with love, found, gained, and kept?"
tofeelbetteri think about iphon 7S
van full Of illeg show Up To vote clinton At six poll places!vot fraud Is real! electionnight 
blackskinisnotacrim can someon explain to me whi she wa arrest for wit polic brutality? blacklivesmatt falconheight
"donald trump: ""hillari clinton: all talk unfortun when there is action it' alway the wrong decision""trumpaz "
«there is noth wors than aggress stupidity.» johannwolfganggoeth
everyon get veri patriot when it come to black peopl not stand for the nation anthem... 
pretti funni 
I have no sex about 5 year istartcryingwhen
the right-w of the republican parti isn't so much a polit agenda as a plea for help vegasgopdeb
shock video captur arizona polic offic punch woman in the facepolicebrut btp 
man prove softwar stole vote in all 'hillari won' counties! dnc rig elections!vot fraud is real! 
ihavearighttoknow whi the hous shrunk 
clinton say she' go to press trump on hi tax return until elect day 
"one glimps and you know you would endur ani hardship, give away all that you had, if these were path to enlightenment. but they are not."
"controversial: can quot chang a life for the better? RT if u think they can, repli whi not"
demndeb doe hillari even know what the minimum wage is now? demdeb
the media won't tell you thi 😂😂hillaryfli 
"golfer swing at clinton, trump at texa drive rang "
todolistbeforechristma don’t let trump ruin our countri
"gruene_zora frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
"mani peopl from ghetto becom criminals, it’ simpl statistics. they shouldn’t be allow to own gun nogunsforcrimin"
"... the wrong party, the wrong server to store classifi e-mail and probabl the wrong pill with some funni side… "
that’ not your day  he he
"makemusicreligi well joseph, i'm *like* A virgin..."
hillaryclinton Go sleep!
"littlewhiteliesitold no, you`r not a weirdo "
cnn - clinton new network alternativeacronyminterpret 
“mi father say what he mean and he mean what he says. that’ veri rare in politics.” ~ ivankatrump 
icantbeurfriendbecaus our playlist are not the same
republican denounc trump as confront with muslim par...  |  
"thi is the islam teachings, thi is our beauti religion. "
"A bone again, natur dogsong midnight"
".newtgingrich: ""ani republican who' will to help hillaryclinton should join the democrat party."" "
rooseveltfield store secur guard wrestl with arm perp. one shot fired. one mall employe seriou but stabl gardencityshoot
new york time publish spread of trump twitter insult  news
voterfraud in florida:10' of thousand of ballot be open in broward counti florida... debbi wasserman sch… 
sticktogeth and votetrump  trumpforpresid
new fbi inquiri reinject clinton email into 2016 race 
cowtv midnight full slaughterhous
kkk endors hillary&gt;&gt; donald trump wa right again!trumpromcom 
ben carson talk about the kind of leader we want for our country. 
america matters!donald trump matters!al live matter! 
chicago bare sexysport midnight
be drunk and on drug just make you a suitabl candid for ani liber administr serviceofnosecret
public call to disband clintonfound intensify. let' shut it down! neverhillari 
trump' campaign spend at half the rate of clinton' 
some trump support embrac 'deplorables' label  break
conspiracysong alien - Do you realli want To hurt Me
"my2017resolut is to stop procrastinating. but wan't it my 2016 resolution? meh, whatev"
time of the treason conspiracysong
she' so dirty... neverhillari 
fbi publish note on clinton’ use of privat email  news
thingsthatshouldbecensor walk in on your parent have sex with your grandparents. 
gallup poll: hillari drop to lowest level of millenni approv 
".hillaryclinton is brilliant at drinking, lying, delet e-mail and let peopl die. "
christmasaftermath perhap santa could send over a coupl of elv to help with the cleanup! 
liberallog in one pic 
trump defend racial profil in wake of bomb  polit
"happi thanksgiving, our heroes!honor and respect! "
don't like it? you'r free to leave. america is a land of free and we won't allow anyon to chang this. teaparti 
No matter how it start
sometimesitsokto grab her by the pussi
hillari clinton left sept. 11 ceremoni earli due to overh  polit
wtf the mp4 is a true flamethrower!! 
mybedroomin3word wait on someon
.marshablackburn repeatedli vote to fuck over the american people...and losing...i like groundhogday  tcot  
michellearri there is no media that doesn't ask hillari a permiss for public
tension fester in south l.a. neighborhood after polic fatal shoot an arm teen 
evey day is an april fools' day with her. hillari foolsday usa hillaryforprison 
cnn just report about itself.. stay away! ✋ 
heytammybruc simpl propaganda of the irand !
sometimesitsokto be bitchy. some peopl deserv that
al-baghdadi ha phd in islam studi he' follow true islam!
"MT kngmusic_kng: jesu is the key to heaven, but faith unlock the door.    renewu  pjnet  ccot"
syrian women from manbij burn their burka after be freed from isi 
you may also like if you'v alway known obama would be a disaster. teapartynew 
omg!! that wa emercy?? So stressful! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
obama is allow us to be infiltr by refuge who will turn into troop for isi islamkil
"donald trump: ""I onli want to admit peopl who love american and our country""rncincl"
msnbc chrismatthew doesnt realiz democrat parti ha been taken over by socialist  tlot tcot p2 uniteblu
clever_dov lol
"unlikelymagic8ballansw  I have a great answer for this..but I don't wanna twat fight all day...so, i'll just ke… "
1: fashionsong
minnesota coupl anonym drop record $500000 donat in salvat armi
"nocybercensorship today, world day against cybercensorship, let' join forc to give a voic to those who haven't"
"when we play by their rules, they win islamkil stopislam"
press work as an inform trader. govern pay for it. it' simpl slaveryofspeech
2monthstillxmasand 15 day till novemb 8. I kinda don't know which scare me most
yup. yup. yup. mmhmmmmm makesexawkwardin5word 
stand and deliv after three month summeramovi
tom petti and the pacemak retireasongorband
"racial injustice, huh?"
incom inequality: trump and clinton respons to grow g...  |  
support hi proposal!hillaryshealth 
K - karmajudg jeanin to hillari clinton: ‘I can’t trust A pre who doesn’t think i’m worthi Of be An american’
"get outta My dreams, get into My electr car  earthdaysong midnight"
session get boost from senat alli – and dem’ twitter flub – amid russia uproar
hillari clinton will emul merkel' germani here if she ever got power. We won't let her! americafirst 
"trumpbecaus yes, ye and yes!!! donaldtrumpforpresident!!! 🙊🙊"
I just realli love it when you text me first.
iamonfir i'd rather learn from one bird how to sing than teach ten thousand star how not to dance. - e.e. cum
renamemillionwomenmarch cair terror march.
when open new dm' from somebodi i'v just follow mynewcatchphraseis... 
"lol, it is! presid trump "
"donald J. trump foundat is trump’ money, hi campaign manag says. no.  polit"
"It is way too earli for all these stupid ass survivalguidetothanksgiv tweet  If you hate your famili that much, do…"
"sheriff david clarke: ""I wouldn't trust mrs. bill clinton to walk my dog around the block..""deb debatenight"
hillari referenc pizzag and cometthi won't end well 
trump is a rapist becaus of trumptap but hillari is a women' champion because... she help a child molest g… 
'with the world on fire i'll vote for trump to save the countri over play gender politics'~ sheriff david clark 
life-long democrat: parti loyalti can't make me vote for clinton 
hack email rais possibl of clintonfound ethic breach after it accept $1million donat from… 
I say in front of clock caus i'm ahead of my time  – lil wayn
.cnn   hillaryforprison2016 clintonfound trumpforpresid
"I think i'll miss you forever, like the star miss the sun in the morn skies."
"obama, putin discuss syrian conflict at asia-pacif econom summit  "
clinton' 'nasty' trump ad are mostli hi own word 
"pleas rememb all the homeless, jobless ,imprison and hopeless peopl in thi countri islamkil stopislam"
clinton campaign play down appear at ralli by orlando ...  |  
ificouldntli I couldn't work at hillary' campaign
oldmelo yup vote for hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
granni are ok? are you ok? are you Ok granny? addfamilyruinasong midnight
trump' minor outreach off to rough start  polit
"podesta on berni sanders: ""I agree.. where should we stick the knife in?podestaemails28 "
stop media outbreak against the police! bluelivesmatt teaparti pjnet tcot 
you don't have time for stupid bore stuff like tax when you feelthebern all the time!trump2016 
"“there wa anoth life that I might have had, but I am have thi one.” - kazuo ishiguro iamonfir"
ccot today we are engag in a final all-out battl between communist atheism
Up to 1.3 million in parch ukrain face water crisis: unicef  news
arpaio’ contempt case come less than month befor elect  news
"beat of the pro-saa war prison by syrian rebel who were captur in sheikh saeed, aleppo "
insultingmovi the chronicl Of spong bob sauarep
"what are: black people, alex.… No seriously, i'm asking… what are black people? jeopardi blackhistorymonth   "
"great video=&gt; st. loui sister for trump slam crookedhillary: “she’ lying, steal and killing!” "
"No matter what act it will be, the still watch us! surveillanceday"
"""not one more american life should be given up in the name of open borders."" ~ donald trump "
rip We pray for california. We want 2A prayers4california
maketvsexi down -town on abbi
kmarval you'r capsing.
 ladi gaga campa with hrc dress AS satan witch. feelthebern maga trumpforpresid
"It work for the earth kingdom, whi can't it work for us! maga "
"I miss you, I miss your smile and I still shed a tear everi onc and a while."
tower 7 nation armi conspiracysong midnight
A sign blank check whatiwantforchristmasin4word
obama will make first visit of hi presid to a u.s. mosqu   tcot ccot
extraordinary!! 
"check mate, hillaryrottenclinton "
ladi gaga obvious never clear her wardrob choic with hillaryclinton trumpforpresid
vote for trump? gop lawmak get into rhetor knot 
muslim will never assimil and accept our way of life!mondaymotiv 
tkeiser_ oh but makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
I am sick and tire of the liber who tri to discredit our values.w will be straight pride!neverhillari 
religionofpeac leav more than 60 dead bodi in nice!but obama insist muslim are 'peaceful'..nice06 
the way we were befor you becam a jerk insultingmovi
melania trump' websit taken down  polit
stallon draintheswamp lockherup trumppence16 imwithy americafirst maga trumpjobsback trumpforpresid
"colin powell: ""no recollection"" of advis hillari clinton to use person email "
"My style is so deep, like pussi – cappadonna"
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","""
weirdthingstobuyonlin an elect
how did these act help to prevent terror attacks? surveillanceday
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm don't worri over littl things.
"ruinadinnerinonephras the food is aw and so are you, bye"
 cool guy!
"topvideo trump: 70 percent of feder regul ""can go"" "
tonight: live 2016 arizona elect result  
crimingwhilewhit get you a slap in the wrist while be born black get you kill in america 
'do the right thing for thi countri &amp; vote for donald trump.' ~ gov. rick scott floridatrumppence16 
wookie318 I hope you also piss off when clinton support mock trump otherwis it would be juvenil &amp; typic childish leftist behavior
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
all men have power ought to be distrust to a certain degree. jame madison happyindependenceday
"If you alway do what you alway did, you'll alway get what you alway got."
clinton: reject trump’ ‘dark and divis vision’  
I like NY sheriff’ decis guns4ni
power!!! 
I have come here to chew bubblegum and lick ass and i'm all out of bubblegum. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
hmm🤔 can you imagin mob of christian block street in muslim countries? 
"mexican presid pena nieto say he told trump that mexico won’t pay for border wall, contradict trump "
i'd appreci reallifemagicspel which would turn water into wine
"ben carson, you'r right!  america' poor should certainli get prioriti over build mosqu On foreign land! "
meangirlsrul if you don't have one of these you are worthless 
"""it' offens to hispan who did it the right way..to allow illeg to cheat"" ~ cortesstevetrumpenmexico "
top clinton state depart aid help clinton foundat  polit
whi do peopl alway switch to discuss the other candid while I mean onli thi concret one?do thi Q make… 
most american are against these filthi immigrants! they should stay where they belong! illegalamigoz
watch video of tran make up  tofeelbetteri
find me a democrat senat who didn't meet with the russian 
islamistheproblem  jsui dégoûté de voir qu'il y a encor de con qui passent leur temp à planifi de attentats! prayforbrussel
antiqu roadshow omnibu valentinesdayin3word
rememb to not be the first to gobble...  survivalguidetothanksgiv 
"cruz will enforc laws, deport illegals,"
"trump, gop rais $18 million in post-deb push  news"
trump ha No doubt about win white hous  polit
ugh! I can't believ in 3 year i'll be 30  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
white person explain whiteprivileg to white peopl 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾🙏🏾 
 can`t stop laughing)))
hillari ha the most statist improb coin toss luck ever  rednationris 
throw Up muse midnight drunkband
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart it' the day after thanksgiv and no one wa kill when the door open for our black friday sale
"sexism, sexism is everywher "
problematickidsshow pinki and the butt
don't boo...vote‼️‼️ 

topnew obama say u.s. govern prepar to respond to hurrican matthew
live: deleg prepar to offici nomin donald trump  polit
white live matter and the lost art of shut the fuck upthi shit is too fuck upblacklivesmatt 
the battl to control tell rifaat started. the town wa seiz by sdf/ypg in februari with ru/si AF support 
"trump promis ""safe communities, great educ and high-pay jobs” to black people...seem legit, I am now for… "
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
donald trump fan line up monday morn outsid the deltaplex spoke out against polit corrupt and spoke up… 
"wird der hamburg hafen zum ziel von g20-gegnern? ich hoffe, dass polizeihamburg da verhindert! "
kitten and pizza thingspeopleontwitterlik 
trumppence16 trumpforpresid
the left one: how liber see sharialaw the right one: how it actual worksbanislam 
presid obama deliv a statement on irand 
out smart idiots.... hillaryforprison2016 electionfinalthought electionday votetrump  trumpforpresid
war is peace. freedom is slavery. ignor is strength.  – georg orwel
🚨🚨clinton are final go down🚨🚨breaking: fbi “activ and aggressively” probe clinton foundat corrupti… 
"never mind what hater say, ignor em till they fade away"
what for?! 
A pessimist see the difficulti in everi opportun
final the black commun will have a leader of action instead of all talk obamamakeamericagreatagain… 
guy and dolt midnight dumberbroadway
hillari clinton say donald trump' campaign built on 'prejudic and paranoia:' polit extra  polit
just call my name and i'll be there dogsong midnight
anti-trump republican evan mcmullin to launch independ bid for presid 
new york look to curb topless women in time squar
sausag party! thingsinventedwhilehigh sethrogen sausagepartymovi
rais arizona' babi redneckamovi midnight
"makemehateyouinonephras dude, you'v run out of beer *sip the last beer"
must watch:thi black ladi just destroy cnn and hillari clinton on live tv..debatenight debate… 
"rogerwick Do you know what` go on in your nativ state, is there a water polution?"
poor peopl have been vote democrat for 50 years.. and they'r still poor' ~ charl barkley 
"the media lie and it doesn't surpris you, right? "
ramsey orta sentenc to 4 year after film ericgarner' kill 
don’t believ the garbag u read! pundit keep say trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the… 
"cnn: trump is putin' agentfoxnews: no, it' hillari who' putin' agent "
"well, you can just pass by if you'r not interest in my opinion "
htmlien  robothiphop midnight
NY state senat leader deanskelo is expect to be arrest for corruption. real leader know how to forg ahead http:…
"democrat face difficult obamacar fight in 2017, even If clinton win  polit"
"""we have noth to protest, so let' protest the free speech"" berkeley "
In love
dnc pander fest 2016!👇demsinphilli 
obama caught in middl of unseemli spat over clinton email  news
safeguard keep the nsa from spi on american were remov by obama admin   tcot tgdn pjnet lnyhbt ccot
trumpbecaus militari live matter! trumpforpresid 🎡🎠🎢
I bet the attack wa a follow of 'the greatest religion'heidelberg religionofpeac 
howtoloseyourjob steal empti box on your day off
otherthingstodoin6second foreplay for 4 second and then sex
aidno you can reli on my support
long live rock`n`roll!!!!! 
donttellanyonebut hitler’ suicid wa perfectli fake 
whenev we get anyth in the mail that ha to do with hillaryclinton it goe straight in the trash
"willi robertson: “mr. trump is a real leader. He repres success and strength, two attribut our countri needs… "
fuck hillari hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
first trophi wive club richmovi midnight
littl cook 
gone with a mighti wind addamovieruinamovi
theo1972 ...which they are!
happybirthdaygeorgewashington To be prepar for war is one of the most effect mean of preserv peace.
yummmy! 
"As obama head to laos, sign of a tilt away from china  news"
christi to host n.j. fundrais for trump transit
RT if you agre that she must go to prison for commit crime 
No one is report on stuff like thi wearethemedia 
polit sander urg support to back clinton
I think it' just as import as ani of the other right in our constitut gardencityshoot
muslim with their brides...i guess liber are OK with that?! 
mani 2016 voter don’t know team clinton trash the white hous In 2001  
offroad extreme! see my offroad videos! 
"icelebratetrumpwith some uncertainty. I still don't get what the fuck just happened, but I think I can figur it out tho…"
greenl arrow  fishtv midnight
fergusonrememb A year ha pass sinc fergusonprotest but noth ha chang sinc
cattleman007 ye she is. anoth braindead white liber
happi start to 4thofjuli weekend!independenceday 
"messupaquot are you a leader, or a swallower?"
twister obama to visit US mosqu for first time: presid barack obama is due to visit a mosqu in th...  tcot
alternativeacronyminterpret tnx – talk not xanax 
bill clinton destroy detroit with nafta! the rest of america will be the same after hillary!demsinphilli 
gifford ralli for gun control at dnc event  polit
toavoidworki slap my forehead.
".realdonaldtrump: ""the hillari refuge plan would leav us with gener of terrorism, radicalism, &amp; extremism… "
"ask not what your countri can scoobi doo for you, ask what you can do for scoobi snack addcartoonstohistori midnight"
"now, a year later after the ferguson event we have had enough of all this, noth ha chang fergusonrememb"
trump say poll have underr him; the primari show otherwis  polit
when hillari claim she care abt women' right she doesn't mean victim of her rapist husband!womensequalityday 
turkish soldier kill two kurdish children grave injur their mother on the turkish/syrian border in hasakah… 
isi behead 2 'spies' in front of children in iraq and promis more terror in franc 
"elaine, now when you'r blindfolded, you have to guess what type of sausag is in your mouth...and no teeth! gameshowhostpickuplin"
donald trump will appear at supporter' cleveland height church for 'town hall' event with sean ha...  polit
allthecoolkid love donald trump!👌 
wow how interest 
emanuel to trump on immigration: 'chicago alway will be a sanctuari city'  
"dear liberals, move to freak north korea and see for yourselv what a real dictatorship is like! "
"with onli two week left, trump is promot hi hotel — and complic hi candidaci  polit"
"""mexican immigr don't commit crime"" - here are the top 10 most want crimin in texas. "
colin powell: trump is 'a nation disgrace'  polit
brussel islamkil .....no words.... prayforbrussel
thingstobeashamedof  realdonaldtrump speakerryan senatemajldr kellyannepol seanspic
broke as a fuckin' joke cancelplansin5word
onli by cut through the dark of ignor can we truli imagin the majesti of tolerance.–arti lewi
"nocybercensorship use ""freedom of speech"" to silenc another' freedomofspeech is dangerous. "
just monsters!!! 
is it an advertis of coca-cola in american falls!?!? We can`t protect ourselv phosphorusdisast
today a new ear cover hairdo. anyon notic that her hair is over her ears?hillarysearpiececrookedhillari 
15 minut to go
"well, show me a refuge who can turn water into wine and we may have a talk. nation prayer breakfast "
"sheriff david clark destroy nanci pelosi for call dr. ben carson “unqualified"" "
I don’t think I can stop
make histori with hillari 😂😂😂😂presidentelecttrump 
that' media hypocrisi right there. hillari never get call out on her feminist credentials. rapistbil 
the noteboog  midnight redneckamovi
My leg broke worstpaineverin3word
A tale of two polls: donald trump lead in the smaller one  |  
nbcblk delightful! 😊
thi man got hoops! what a dunk! (the guy in the back with a white t-shirt) bruh sportsworld basketbal 
prayers4california We can't let thi happen in our countri 
I just did.
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy"" "
 i`m go to do it too!
touch not
hit up spencer and buy a dick shape coffe mug for dick head sibl lastminutegifts2016
you see? happi that there are still mental healthi people. teaparti conserv 

dickflick lake flaccid midnight
the system is rig when you'r rig letlizspeak 
what will you do if there is a dinosaur in the hallway?! 
obama march with the black panther in 2007. msm doe not want to bring thi fact up. 
wakeupamerica floridafortrump floridafortrump trump_prez cafortrump  ohiofortrump neverhillari imnotwithh  
"bei schönstem sonnschein treffen sich in hamburg tausend biker, um gemeinsam gottesdienst zu feiern… "
addsethimproveanyth give me liberti or give me seth
philli fop chief On presidenti endorsement: clinton ‘blew the polic off' bluelivesmatt 
thingsinventedwhilehigh the water drink bird 
gigawalru given that nationalprayerbreakfast isn't a muslim event it' strang for presid to bash christian
islamkil break news! syrian refuge are terrorists!
benefitsofadopt be call a bastard is not much of an insult to you
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord  she need a lot more than money. not the country.
the worst thing that obama ha done it’ hi immigr reform illegalamigoz
"somedayidliketose no one discrimin against for the color of their skin, religi beliefs, or sexual orientation."
goooooo donald!!!!!!! maga trumppence2016 electionday trumptrain hitleri btfo IN SC 
"thingspeopleontwitterlik they like likes. thi is what i'v learned, so far. like like is pretti prevalent. turn out, I like likes."
obama paus vacat to fundrais but not to visit louisiana 
realdonaldtrump we were wait for it so long!
one year passed…fergusonrememb
"pigeontoday I love thi guy, he' a geniou"
"It should be so easi to tell you how i'm feeling, but I can't stop stuttering."
newt gingrich' week of donald trump damag control continu at baldwin wallac  polit
thank to john russwurm and reverend cornish we are free to express ourselv now in news paper blackpressday 
the buzzedcock drunkband midnight
"life is the bitch, and death is her sister"
meangirlsrul monday is the best day of the week
basic noth is sacr to donald trump  polit
israel is our allianc partner we can’t put it in danger bibivsobama
doogieah So you are predator!
thi will be marvel' first big flop 
fri green tomat  redneckamovi midnight
"dear deplor we need to stand in uniti &amp; fight togeth to freericky!!!pleas rt, take 2 sec but will show… "
ihatepokemongobecaus it feel like I live in japan 
latino peopl are refus to be gener by donald trump or anyon else. 
sometimesitsokto swipe left on tinder 
sam smith will be on the list of great 
saudi arabia ha fund 20% of hillary' presidenti campaign! 👎she is with terrorists!👍trumpiswithyourncincl 
"ruinadinnerinonephras a moment on the lips, a lifetim on the hip"
let us not seek to satisfi our thirst for freedom by drink from the cup of bitter and hatred. – martin luther king jr.
wish I woulda caught that butterfli last night
"ruinadinnerinonephras I hope you enjoy squirrel meatballs, I shot them by myself"
msm should tell the truth about sick hillari rallies!trumpacandi 
compare👇: penc draw bigger crowd than hillary👏👏 lowenergi sickhillari 
"trump: ""must take the money we use for refuge and use it to help poor americans."" americafirst maga "
not all peopl tweet are as crazi as donald trump.  some are crazier. thingstoknowabouttwitt
todayskidswillneverknow 9/11 
"watch🚨 muslim firebomb bu in pari &amp; shout ""allah akbar""..muslimawarenessmonth "
"mark levin defend trump, expos segregationist and kkk connect of hillaryclinton "
merkel: I support hillari and her immigr policy! imwithhernow 
washdconlin what the hell? thi is horribl
extrem scared! whi author doesn't care?!!  phosphorusdisast
"I love you so, colorado perfectstatein5word"
trump’ campaign reel after crude comment on women air  news
bill clinton eye exit from chariti that ha shape legaci  news
when a girl repli with a
"A few hundr more american boot On the ground arriv to qayyarah airbas to assist in mosul operation, iraq "
could obama Be support the rise Of isis? pplvsisi
watch live: donald trump give speech on immigr  |  
rip I hardli believ we are still alive. prayers4california
thi rooseveltfieldmal shoot ha noth in common with 2a. period gardencityshoot
boy meat girl problematickidsshow
democrat convent day 1: cnn vet the claim  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik point 
smell too fine to be real
pro-putin parti on track for landslid win in russian elect  world news
thingsyoucantignor a drop in blood sugar
thefirst100daystodolist danc 
suddenli susan (slusser) athleticstvshow susansluss
hillaryclinton alway claim she support women right and yet she take money from countri that tortur women!👇 
the cri hunger game  midnight  addamovieruinamovi
tofeelbetteri marin myself
it’ veri cynic to talk about civil process when peopl in your countri are starv and kill each other someonewhokillschildren
"As a kid I kill two adults, i’m too advanced, I live my twenti at two year old, the wiser man  – kendrick lamar"
🚨clintoncash documentari is free to watch now! So show it to 'imwithhernow' folk please! 
betteralternativetodeb cocktail parti with bill cosbi 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari secur at ford theater circa 1865
icantbeurfriendbecaus you don't follow pyrocyn
hillari is still on the race? I thought she’ in prison alreadi demdeb demdebatemiami 
reminder: hillari get million from countri that enslav women!womensequalityday 
lol about  obama and trump meet 
mexico presid disput trump' claim they didn't discuss who pay for wall 
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
trump and african-american on the trail  polit |  
black women got in format in public squar to underlin issu that realli matter. 
your mom is smoke hot. makesexawkwardin5word
 final pitbul doe not onli suit.
ultra liber facebook co-found donat $15 million To ‘defeat trump’  
iknewweweredoom when thi happened. 
"wäre sie noch etwa jünger, aber sowieso merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
peach bottom basket classic sexysport midnight
I don't want a crimin in office! i'd vote for monica befor I vote for killary! trump makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
excess heat warn issu as democrat convent near  news
"jon voight: let donald trump know we are complet behind him, and may god give him the strength to continu hi c… "
my5wordtal I do my best selfi 
At least A few black churchgoer like donald trump’ detro...  |  
"“fuck thi flag. fuck thi country!”  blm were shout at ""peaceful"" protest to trump 's ralli in wisconsin "
"what is the essenc of america?  find and maintain that perfect, delic balanc between freedom ""to"" and freedom ""from."""
If you vote for hillari you can't come to my christma parti corrupthillari makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
final we'v got a true leader to properli deal with isis. onc and for all 
thi is our judici system infect by:• cultur marxism• race politics• corruption• global 
andthenishouldhavesaid 
all the dumb thing trump said about race At the first debat  
"indiesemnetz frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
trump: we’r gonna have ‘a littl brexit’ on nov. 8  polit
her friend alway ha a great person  tvlifelessonsilearn
decis 2016: trump top clinton 45% to 43% in new poll 
help other pursu excel 4wordgreatidea hopeatwork
what ted cruz see as a yuge victori in iowa is realli insignificant. thi is why....   trump2016 tcot ccot
elect could increas marijuana access across u.s.  polit
topvideo assange: not target clinton with next wikileak dump 
it' election2016 time to maga trump2016 neverhillari hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
clinton foundat cut tie in norway 3 day befor pedo ring bustclinton foundat cut tie in haiti 3 day be… 
and overgrown liber crybabi are the one who let that happen tcot wakeupamerica 
when you want to make america great and it' just right trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
mike penc to visit strongsvil thi friday  polit
hillari refus to explain her concussion/impair memory. usa media afraid
"the oscar are outdat and they drag us behind, too oscarhasnocolor"
hot wet american yoga californiamovi
watch: democrat Go nuclear in new anti-trump Ad  polit
"We live in the land of equality, and doe let heterosexu coupl but not homosexu coupl get marri equal? gaylo…"
To give a satisfactori decis as to the truth it is necessari to be rather an arbitr than a parti to the dispute.
hillaryforprison2016 trumppencelandslid  trumpforpresid
sport 2015 steeler fan blitz take over heinz field
"life is realli simple, but we insist on make it complicated."
"donald trump: ""we have to stop peopl come in from part of the world who are look to do us harm."" "
gone To the beach girl summeramovi midnight
"I don't go to church enough, I curs out loud I drink too much, i'm more of a sinner than a saint. jasonaldean"
It is time for trumppence16 trumpforpresid
four year four year  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart 
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
3 dead and 10 injur in munichif you let refuge in terrorist attack will becom common like in europe!
"trump prais khan, defend critic of hi father  polit"
betteralternativetodeb potato sack race 
iamthankfulfor the few loyal peopl who have stuck by me thi difficult yr
good luck quebec canada you are insan to accept islamkil from the religionofdeath!
valentinesdayin3word market con game
blacklivesmatt thug left thi alabama student with fractur skull. sure hi skincolor is not the reason the… 
fuck your bitch in some gucci flip flop thingstodoinawaitingroom
blackwomendidthatmelania trump’ speech…
"trump jack rent on hi campaign after he stop self-funding, report say"
midnight robothiphop   del the funki automaton
... 
A seri of strateg mistak like seal hillari clinton' fate  
"trumpbecaus ""you'r all fired."" I wish donald trump would say that to the US government. trumpforpresid 👮🙏👮"
"when the critic say ""trump is racist"" just remember, trump onc date kara young, a black supermodel, in 2001 "
they tell us their plans. So whi  media still say they are peaceful? 
childrenthinkthat sometim kill your older sibl is not a bad thing 
crconvent noshowrubio cruzcrew pjnet Be On the lookout for a 44yo hispan male. 
how peopl can vote for her?i vote for her to leav the usa! hillary4prison trumptrain  
manypeoplearesay they don’t buy trump’ claim on iran  |  
obama hate americans. He and hillari clinton belong to the prison! 
sometimesitsokto film your cat do crazi thing 
donald trump Is go To unit us! don't listen To the media elites!maga 
wren dwarf birdtv midnight
ihaveadreamthat one day i’ll find a job where they will pay me for do noth
I think I would love to go there and hang out with some of them hot chick 
john mccain said obama is respons for orlando. obama' agenda is with muslim not with americans! 
nola land redneckamovi midnight
gop nomin donald trump for presid  polit
hard cat! *_* 
pa. gop chairman blast past standard-bear for skip ...  |  
black question trump outreach deliv to white audienc  news
back to the futur (when I wa not that big) makeamoviefat
effort to abolish superdeleg fail at dnc rule meet  polit
obamalegaci stand on the grave of polic offic kill by hate blm movement he legitim and lecturing… 
hmm🤔 whi hillari keep silent on sell off 20% of US uranium to russia?deb 
"penc calm and steady, but dodg in defend trump "
"MT prdblckrpblican: SC here I come! let' welcom the next potus, ted cruz!  cruzcrew pjnet"
midnight the thong  summeramovi
politico polit No stamped to rubio on capitol hill: He got a big endors in tim sco...  uniteblu tcot
carson is muh niggah gopdeb vegasgopdeb
"tofeelbetteri give thank for all that I have. A beauti daughter, A love famili"
"If not now, when?"
dnc day 4: clinton make histori  polit
"guten morgen, schöne welt! ich wünsche euch ein angenehm bergfest!weltfrauentag internationalwomensday "
now hillari is burn black church to frame trump. 'vote trump' hoax is a new low for the US politics. wake up! 
hillaryclinton bad news for democrats!they are lose support among american blacks! 
knapp höschen nur für hübsche mädchen 😁😉
dnc day 1: protest target deleg  polit
mari shepard wasnt allow to carri a firearm and got beaten by a thug in church she works. prayer won't help. 2a 
video : trump slam hillari support jay-z for use the “n-word” at a hillari ralli  
"blacklivesmatt is an excus for  thug to bring violence, destruction, and death encourag cop-kil and rac… "

boom💥 SC gov. nikki haley switch support to trump over clinton vote trump! 
anti-flüchtlings-aktion: identitär bewegung will mit schiff in mittelmeer. ein ausgefallen idee...
obama say russian hack would not upset relat with putin  news
trumpbecaus realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain pleas 😝
reasonstogetdivorc my lawyer is better than hi
morain valley commun colleg design class onli for black students. obama' divis polici in action tcot 
like and RT if you agree! 
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"""viet donkey kong"
"hillari spend $500k a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless vets! nbcnewsforum "
anti-establish pirat in tight race to win iceland election: poll  world news
"trump on clinton: 'it' waterg all over again'nixon wa impeached, clinton want to be potus! "
lay of our live maketvsexi
washdconlin I believ in america in these moment
"what is happen in flint, michigan right now is system genocide, and the victim are peopl of color and poor… "
"hillari clinton' run mate, tim kaine, postpon northeast ohio campaign visit  polit"
"yep, donald trump wa onc popular among african-american  |  "
clever_dov the fact is that to have a polit opinion you have to be polit educ
topnew white substanc found at clinton offic not hazardous: polic
"If you'v got noth to danc about, find a reason to sing. – melodi carstair"
imalwaysokwith a guy sport a man bun. 
trump voter stay loyal: 'I am not vote for him to be pope'. mani swing state voter still plan to vote for donal… 
My mom said I can't.  cancelplansin5word
stopislam islamkil deu abenço o mundo. prayforbrussel 
gop on the cob politicalfood midnight
imalwaysokwith hug
senat repub shld reread articl 2 sect 2 of usconstitution. call senat  nohearingsnovot pjnet
thanksobama for ruin our economi
such kind is need in our countri 
social media skewer melania trump' rnc speech  |  
"whi the hell it' fine for mexico to have a wall on their southern border, but for US have a wall is racist?👇 "
border union: obama polici caus of 14-year-old' rape in school 
"yay, what a great day! celebr 2ndamendmentday"
jvr is get into the zone. tmltalk 
high expect for clinton ahead of first debat  polit
thi guy came here legally! He support trump and he is against illegals!trump2016 americafirst 1776trump 
hillari dispatch 'secret police' to intimid &amp; silenc bill' sexual assault victim like juanita broaddrick… 
the rocket popstar summeramovi
pain is a sign that you'r alive. problem is a sign that you'r strong. prayer is a sign that you'r not alone.
songmakesmetearup god pass the whiski  
IS command reach al-raqqa provinc come from iraq
lastminutegifts2016 A creed cd.
" wow, they made someth with my eyes!!!"
it' not racist at all. onli white can be racistpresidentelecttrump 
I am much more bother by what hillari ha done than by what trump ha said..hillaryaccomplish 
"chasetriton kattfunni shutupamanda swedishcanari my thoughts, exactly!"
A few photo from tonight' staten island action! blacklivesmatt ericgarn   
"obamalegacyoffailur ""at least i'll go down as a president."" *drop the phoneright, as the worst presid ever "
julian assange: I will bring hillari down befor the debat stage On septemb 26th! 
trump sign paid by work american. makeamericagreatagain trumppence16 
"and throw a tantrum when someon disagre with them, yep.liberaltear "
my4wordnewyearsresolut i will kill myself
oregonshoot I can't believ we still have done noth about 2a! it' a shame! gunviolenceoregon
be paid by singer
"We do not rememb days, we rememb moments. dailyteen"
"braveheart, the last king of scotland addamovieruinamovi"
serf and sheep are treat as cattl by epa   hadenoughyet pjnet tcot
"thi is what happen to pari after let all the refuge in. spread, please!"
txbaconmast hey!  would you like to particip in our texit statewid ralli schedul for nov. 5? 
"Es ist so schön aufzuwachen und zu begreifen, es ist sonntag! sunday "
imnotopposedto cat 
o shit a clown unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
blue live matter!getmyattentionin3word 
presid obama interrupt vacat to campaign for hillary...  |  
2016electionin3word trump for presid
the latest:  trump campaign head draw contrast with rubio 
bridget jone diari of a mad black woman midnight addamovieruinamovi
ccot terrorist train camp in US are infrastructur for attack  falseflag for eventu martiallaw. militia
potu barackobama polit refugee’ birthday wish to obama. must see! obamabirthday
dschihad-rapp will nach haus – oder köpfe abschlagen.😂😂😂
"hillari clinton ha a 'problem' win over ohio democrats, donald trump' campaign say  polit"
 the talent just doesn't stop
"prayforbrussel I hate fuck fanatics, hope they all die in hell. murderers!"
technolog is move forward!! 
clinton warn trump is 'threatening' US democraci 
erdollum666 und wa ist deutschland antwort? noch tiefer verbeugen
thank to him everyon ha a vote today happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
vapo_rob worldofhashtag thank you😊
ihaveadreamthat thi year will be better than the past one
unlik obama realdonaldtrump have visit flood-ravag baton rougert if you agre that we need such presid 
just a reminder: blacklivesmatt leader deray live in home own by soros! 
cleveland' shine as host of the 2016 rnc ha republican glow with pride: here' what republican from great...  cleveland polit
So mccain tell cnn he want a special committeeto investig russia involv on potu electionlet' start… 
i’m usual that person who ha no idea what’ go on
To kill a mockingbird with fire makeabookwarm
amen! 
"ronoshow fredoneonin soros, who else?"
happi snow day maketvshowscanadian
truth  nomorepc  straighttalk  prosecute-fraud-tyranny-treason  ycot tcot ccot  pjnet teaparti  lnyhbt 2A  
"inkofsquid actually, no."
eas sum konk love america
"imtoooldfor wild natur adventures. never wa in the age for them, realli"
and the year pass with nobodi there to count them until there appear suddenli the rhythmic beat of life love life.
"breaking: voterfraud by count ten of thousand of inelig mail in hillari vote be report in broward county, flor…"
lasttimetrumppaidtax nobodi ask when hillari did it
offendeveryonein4word zuma mustn't step down.
"midnight dogsong drop it, drop It like it' not a toy"
A fish call blonda summeramovi 
foke pro-trump sheriff issu twitter call to arm to fight 'corrupt' media and white hous  foke
game of gome  athleticstvshow
leak email show dnc worker make fun Of black staff’ name 
In london hat ein minivan mehrer menschenvor einer mosche angefahren. finsburypark 
clinton accus trump of spread ‘racist birther lie’  polit
internet security: when back door backfir       privaci freedom thingshillarygoogl
mamma mia she' So stupid  dumberbroadway midnight
the highest function of love is that it make the love one a uniqu and irreplac being.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari loch ness monster photo
rub those heart button nice and slow thingspeopleontwitterlik
todaymemphi An open letter to all black student at predomin white institut via 
"with the hype over oscarssowhite, I wonder whi no one ask about the lack of divers from int'l cinema oscarhasnocolor oscar"
"⚡️neverhillari tcoti just start a petit on the white hous petit site, We the people. will you sign it? "
wikileaks: email suggest sander wa manipul to support hillaryclinton 
thi is a typic support of hillari clinton👇se her attitud to american flag!😡demsinphilli 
"peopl will alway talk about you. If it can encourag you to be better, take it. If not, forget it."
carb or gluten free??  rejecteddebatetop
sure have taugh him a lesson 
ihatepokemongobecaus it' the precursor to the zombi apocalypse.
"hello, everyone. please, share our flyer. join us to support miner and mr. trump trumppence2016penna4trumpmaga "
even babi stand with trump!kid are a veri good judg of character. they are the most honest peopl in the world… 
badchoicefuneralsong she look So perfect
"update🚨mass shoot in baltimore: 3-yo child among 8 peopl shot, w/ 4 in critic conditionsearch ongo for… "
"angri patriot are about to paint philli red. say no to lies, corrupt and tyranny! like, share &amp; join! philly… "
florida hous brevard counti gop primari  local |  
"I want to take my dog with me. and yes, he need hi own offic room shouldbeallowedatwork"
126k helmet turn out to be defective. such an irrespons attitud to our soldiers’ live is unforgivable. 
.marshablackburn repeatedli vote to fuck over the american people...and losing...i like groundhogday  tcot  
dickflick termin 3 inch measur day
"trump campaign announc expand ohio operation, includ senior staff hires: donald trump ha ad to hi sk...  cleveland polit"
i'm serious😉 
my2017resolut is to stop make resolutions. they eventu fail anyway 
donald trump and mike penc to hold saturday ralli in cleveland  polit
there are thing more import than louisianaflood 
texa agre to looser voter ID rule for novemb elect  polit
stan mikita vs evil maketvshowscanadian
"I am a conserv and I total support gop! they care about america, not about oil, money and warfar vegasgopdeb"
and: trump= obamacar on steroid tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari heroin
wa christi a reason trump will now visit mexico? 
"""those who seek to inflict harm are not faze by gun control laws"" - reagan2a tcot "
thetroublewithaddict is subterfug
ifihadabodydoubl we'd be perfect partner in crime
"mkrekel_bildd sehr geehrt frau krekel, wir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
total unnerv with thi water contamination!!!! whi they polut drink water and promot bottl drinks? phosphorusdisast
the latest: saturday’ major crash on i-95  
Do not eat so much you'r go to get fat.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
"topnew challeng pillar of u.s. democracy, trump say he may not accept elect result"
sabrinasiddiqui who the fuck are you and whi is your throwup on my feed. anti-american freak. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
ironbottom  maketvsexi 
rip gunfreezon  don’t make you safe prayers4california
don't absolv crimin to appeas and creat a new class of voter-support for obama' parti illegalamigoz
polit 'stay worried': obama urg dem to take trump serious
judgement day is here. pleas vote trumppence16 to save our great nation from destruction! draintheswamp trumpforpresid
"boom💥new wikileak document ""warn TO hillari clinton""read &amp; spread!! "
imalwaysokwith puppi kisses. 
bill clinton in bucks: thi region is key to race 
nocybercensorship  one had no right to block thi event from happen imho 
2 brooklyn cop surviv a drive by shooting. thank killari for incit ppl against police! join our ralli 07/23! 
mexico threatens: If trump win we will call back our citizens..wow power threat😂😂 
comedi gold! dncleak dickingbimbo 
sheriff david clark about demconventiondemsinphilli 
🐘 rncincl 
sexysport field hooker midnight
the mr. roger folli midnight dumberbroadway
clinton tax plan grow By $550 billion in polici group’ report  polit
mavictorium andrewquackson that' a valid critic for a potu candid ffs!
"what is worse, leav four citizen to die or lie to the whole nation about it? guess both are unforgivable. "
newsradio 1020 kdka editori juli 17th  news
midnight onewordoffmoviequot scare pooper?
reallifemagicspel idiotu eliminatu - help you avoid unintellig peopl
"If what you did yesterday seem big, you haven't done anyth today. -lou holtz"
"berserkcricket don't stop repeat the word 'puppet'. when you repeat your bullshit it becom true, right? are you from cnn, lol?"
jenn_abram I would definit won't
someon pleas tell me. what black actor deserv an oscar? I want to be outrag too!!! oscarhasnocolor oscar
"‘I AM your voice’: trump claim gop nomin in law-and-ord address, vow to put 'america first':  "
lostin3word      No sat nav
trend for twitter troll   renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri
what would happen if they took a school class of muslim kid to a church to kneel befor jesus? 
power!!! 
wat an ugly… ugli mirror!
blacklivesmatt justiceformariowood mariowood sanfrancisco sanfranciscoshoot sfpd bayview
sarcasticsapien or mayb theyr the same person? imnotwithh
that wa cute. not twerk but cute 
"""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl "
"At least 50,000 homeless veteran are starv die in the streets, but liber want to invit 620,000 refugees. "
gameshowhostpickuplin survey said 69!
He wa mental ill &amp; unarmed. dispatch knew that &amp; the cop should'v been informed. NO excus for killing… 
takei reject muslim registri as 'prelud to internment'  
whi do they even includ 2014 as an option when select your birth year onlin like u fresh out the womb readi to join gmail
jeffreykahuna lyin' crook unfit warmong hillari
"it' a piti that they can't both losebut, to be fair, i'm realli look forward to thi  debatenight "
.realdonaldtrump democrat power⚡️grid get nervou about this⚡️glitch! crookedhillari trumppence16 trumptrain h… trumpforpresid
clinton medic assist caught place diazepam-lik pen into hi pocket. debatenight trumpwon 
sometimesitsokto buy a chocol bar for your friend but secretli eat it by yourself
who is tim kaine? 5 thing to know about  hillari clinton' run mate befor the VP debat 
ly mainstream media will never show you thi photo! 
what mad trump hath wrought  |  
"nicht muss bleiben, wie es ist, aber  merkelmussbleiben"
A high school footbal announc said anyon who sit dure the anthem should be shot.
chili' refus to honor veteran' day meal deal for black veteran 
donald trump will show zero toler for peopl call for death of polic officers.bluelivesmatt 
topvideo trump: new e-mail reveal 'pay for play' by clinton 
the moral of the ashleymadisonhack stori is: go to the bar and fing a side chick there. In an old-fashion way
"former apd offic found guilti of murder, set woman on fire"
*she got high 
muslim woman at lo angel airport: “I will make sure we bomb america”.
the modern era of tax cut for the wealthi
We were betray deputi gen pacif command RT  RT shootdownseal6 ccot tcot 
"ich wünsche euch süße träume und wunderschön nacht, mein lieben! "
jason goe to sell : A nightmar on wall street sequel richmovi midnight
attent trump voters!!   votetrump trumpvot trumppence16 trumpforpresid maga  trumpforpresid
mike pence’ rnc debut: A self-assur donald trump defend  |  
pretend everyth is fineneverhillari 
"In hat and t-shirts, trump fan ralli in jerusalem' old citi  news"
tim kain is so bland better have some malfunct hillari clinton who is unfit for potu clintonkaine2016 
".newtgingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" "
vote like you understand that someon die for your right to do sovotingelections2016 
"count begins: trump take indiana, kentucky; clinton vermont  "
A cop w/ a nazi tattoo whose dog' name is rommel is probabl *slightly* bias in hi interact w/ the commun 
"svenlehmann frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 
best thing i'v seen today. spot on! clinton email fail (&amp; other who do the same) start at the white house. 
democrat in control for five decad are total destructive!let' make detroit great again!trumpindetroit 
"хиллари клинтон говорит своим избирателям не то, что она сообщила фбр "
provok a stranger  otherthingstodoin6second
"If schoolkid had a say, hillari clinton would be presid  news"
they made it 
politico polit how mean old john kasich becam mr. nice: ohio’ famous abras govern...  uniteblu tcot
"louisiana public colleg enrol fell by 10,000 in 5 year "
realdonaldtrump america will be stronger than ever before!
 tylor rock in thi song
donald trump to hold 7 p.m. ralli at univers of akron (live coverage)  polit
It doe not matter how slowli you go as long as you do not stop.
merkel hat die ukrain geholfen merkelmussbleiben
"trump campaign today in johnstown, clinton-kain in pittsburgh saturday "
crucifix It makemusicreligi 
christi to host n.j. fundrais for trump transit 
andi burnham: labour will have a femal candid when time is right
victori for trump! the suprem court just chang everyth today…  
biden pull no punch in trump attack at dnc  |  
the talk minim head drunkband midnight
altern press music award 2015: the altern press music award are set to begin wedn... …
mexico angri at president’ ‘humiliating’ meet with trump  news
".judgejeanine: ""hillari clinton is a liar and the wikileak email prove it."" "
 where I can learn how to do it?
who deliv urgent health suppli to aden: statement  world news
one day mayb we'll meet again
weedsillegalbut trump isn't...
"the truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.  – gloria steinem"
rejectedusesforcandycorn anti-depress pill
joe baiden is not 100yr old thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
I wish u all a great 4th of july! freedom
donald trump move within reach of the white hous  
howtoloseyourjob stop care
awesom gross and funny! 
welt ich bin für da kindswohl und damit gegen ein adoptionsrecht für gleichgeschlechtlich paar
chelsea clinton to introduc her mother at dnc  polit
Go vote! We can no longer be friend if you'r vote hillari though trumptrain makeamericagreat hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"remember, ice polic is watch the poll places! hillary' illeg will get arrest and remov from the cou… "
thetroublewithaddict U get cigarett break but not snort or shoot up break doublestandard they expect me to drive the bu straight
I know that I can do everything!
clinton on tulsa shooting: ’it need to Be intolerable’  polit
obamacar suck slaveryofspeech
My hero tcot maga 
dan rather call trump' 'second amend people' comment a 'new low'  polit
iamjohn_harrel everi time!
ly bastard! 😂😂 
A homeless american protect realdonaldtrump hollywood star from liber fascists..votetrump 
"you'v got one job, and that is to get better. -derrick rose"
michel obama set to visit pitt on wednesday afternoon 
sometimestwittermakesm overthink ish seriously...just put the phone down...*throw phone* pick it to make sure it' fine ohhh twitter!
closet fulla skeleton    mybedroomin3word
"guten morgen mein lieben! heut ist start in die neue arbeitswoche, aber wir schaffen das! 💪💪💪mondaymotivation… "
funniest ban commerci 
hillari clinton: foundat 'look for partners'  polit |  
thi is serious!show thi to everi cathol you know! they must see what hillari campaign think about their faith… 
"come on trump, put hilari in her place hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid"
we'r not silent anymore! trumppence16 
"wir wollen kein spannungen mit china, merkel kann es un garantieren merkelmussbleiben"
hillary' VP tim kain ha receiv thousand of dollar in donat from muslim brotherhood entiti debate… 
dinker tailor soldier spi dickflick midnight
sesam streetlight manifesto addabandtoatvshow
"""it is the democrat parti that is the parti of slavery, the parti of jim crow &amp; the parti of opposition."" ~ trump "
hillari clinton supporters. I just can't understand them how they justifi support a crimin into office! 
electionday trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpsego  trumpforpresid
trump' chariti not certifi in new york 
not the father.  3wordsbetterthanilovey 
no. 4. look out! 
realli epic fails))) 
cleveland polic offic on batonrouge: obama ‘ha blood on hi hands’rncincl 
hillari clinton cancel cleveland event; candid expect to appear in youngstown and columbu thi weekend: d...  cleveland polit
longtim aid huma abedin like 'second daughter' to clinton 
my4wordnewyearsresolut everyday is a paperchas
"dixvil notch, new hampshire.   hillarykaine: 4 trumppence: 2   total republican: 16 total democrats: 14 trumpforpresid"
"jesu said noth about gay people, AT all gaylovematt"
giftideasforpolitician poster with putin
demdeb hope that time thi bitch hillari will say someth bout benghazi demdebatemiami
topnew clinton far ahead in elector colleg race: reuters/ipso poll
I wanna travel the world with my bestfriend
muslim is arrest after tri to rape two girl in rioolympics2016 hmm🤔 veri peaceful..  
trump is right!th progress democrat' 21st centuri plantation...
"""follow of all bae"
nah brah. unlikelymagic8ballansw
egyptian presid abdel fattah el-sisi: No doubt trump would be a strong leader 
you have to love someth befor you can hate it.  – nichola spark
"and, for your read enjoyment, two quot in one day!! :D"
everyon I know who live there is safe. We need more gun safeti laws. it’ not even up for debat anymore.  prayers4california
even muslim understand that imraansiddiqi isn't a victim and islamistheproblem 
atlantabreak I realli don't understand whi are they do that?
"iamonfir georg clooney look relaxed, probabl becaus he can have sex now that he' married."
ireallylikeyoubut i'll have to restrain order you
vaccinateu poison for american nation.
ten thing I hate about leon confusetwofilm
emokmich oohh that' a burn
he' the choic of american people!y must respect him as much as our choice! makeamericagreatagain… 
poll among veterans: donald trump 89% hillari clinton 11% 
« A home without book is a bodi without soul. » cicero
the donald trump video loom over tonight' presidenti debate: follow live with the clev...  polit
gute nacht mein lieben! schläft und träumt schön! 
"mani peopl will walk in and out of your life, but onli true friend will leav footprint in your heart"
salafist soll 13-jährigen betreut haben. wie kann jugendamt sich SO irren!😡
i`m think about start a new career! 
"everi time when I hear obama' word ""hillari is most qualifi presidenti candid in history"" "
the carnivore' truth. thingsyoucantignor 
top cia analyst see like putin re-elect bid  world news
the world truli is a scari place.... guns4ni
that rose to butler alley oop 
"тед круз объясняет, почему он до сих поддерживает кандидатуру трампа "
If u listen to the media all republican are racist but if you look at the fact you'll stop listen to the medi… 
maga  ladi gaga at a clinton ralli day of elect wear a red nazi armband!!!! are they all T… trumpforpresid
reflect on the constitution' ninth amend and protect unenumer natur right  pjnet
"after period of discipline, trump turn more aggress  |  "
the secret to be a best friend is to be a great listener.
valentinesdayin3word eat my pussi
. the second amend IS our gun permit issu date: 12/15/1791 expir date: none  tcot iowacaucu iowa2016 
hillaryclinton crookedhillari ha more secur on her book tour than she provid to our diplomat in benghazi! 
haegl_kalc that' some dark humor 😂
trump foundat order to ceas fundrais in n.y. 
attent trump voters!!   votetrump trumpvot trumppence16 trumpforpresid maga … 
death by chocol valentinesdayin3word
happi 55th birthday to the biggest terrorist contributor there is! 
csu-chef seehof fordert härtere gangart gegen erdogan 
podesta famili still close with convict pedophil denni hastertpodestaemail 
corpor paid bill clinton million at the same time those same corpor lobbi hillari clinton
"fbi director comey' team took just 9 day to clear through 650,000 emails. It means:72,222 email a day3000 a hour50 a min1 a secwow!"
"attention! I wish you wasn't drink water there, american fall got an alert! phosphorusdisast"
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican elections2016 nohillari 
politweec It had to be done much earlier
there is noth left to prove!
 it` better in usa!
"trump, ryan fight for control of the republican parti  polit"
"rulesforeverydayliv don't let it all drag you down, most thing get better"
'polic offic are our one line defens between a civil societi and anarchy' ~ judg jeanin pirro 
reasoniamnotpresid i'm not black
that' just unfair!tcot pjnet 
I wa sleep when I receiv a panick phone call from a buddi late in the morning.   my911stori
“avalanch OF evidence” in fbi probe of clinton like to yield indict  
rnc 2016: 9 thing you may not know about polit convent  polit
socialjustic tcot editorial: fight for social justic persists: they are fight for ...  uniteblu liber
snl poke fun at melania trump with 'melania moments' 
hillarycoverageiscrap becaus media is in cahoot with crimin hillari clinton! dncleak 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin peopl do not need to see nominee' tax return 
"We fight for our flag, our freedom &amp; our hero who protect it!maga "
former rnc head explain empti seat at convent  polit
"differ between trump and clinton? trump sell out rallies, clinton sell out americatrumppence16 maga "
stop kill nativ peopl in dakota
makesexawkwardin5word you'r better than my sister!!!   (contract onli count as one right? :P )
fallen makeabookwarm
bay citi holi roller makemusicreligi
iamonfir No pant is my favorit color.
RT if you also think that the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris &amp; must be shut down now 
"jtrittin sehr geehrter herr trittin,wir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
imtoooldfor onlin games… 
"grace notes: despit a big-nam challeng for re-election, u.s. rep. cedric richmond is alreadi look ahead "
trump’ pronunci of ‘nevada’ draw scrutini  polit
"obama sent $400m cash on an unmark plane to iran!!sorry, detroit! muslim need thi money more! "
"tcot ccot pjnet peopl all over the world are shouting, 'end the war.' .... and the band play on.... "
We need to get rid of the rig establishment!trump2016 1776trump 
goldliberallog 
RT if you vote to makeamericagreatagain ! electionnight 
"link will mindestsicherung von 1050 euro anstel bisherig regelung link denken, da geld an den baumen wachst"
all we have to do is to unit and resist the system!teapartynew theteaparti 
trump goe hard-lin on immigr 
brussel islamkil whi can't the syrian refuge go to mexico!? fight the cartel who are almost as bad as them?
sometimesitsokto not be will to talk about our lord and savior
andthenishouldhavesaid fuck it. 
boom💥 chuck norri endors trump!tru patriot for trump!👍 
🚨wow: newest fox poll show 28% swing for trump among independents! 
night ranger court addabandtoatvshow
 what an expression!!
elect of anti-nuclear novic in japan anoth setback for abe energi polici  world news
I manag to do absolut everything!
secondhandgift your particip medals.. 
break : trump surg to all-tim high with hispan  
"liberallog is to use race card everi time. but we got facts, use them! "
fondl hockey sexysport midnight
gameshowhostpickuplin the price is right just go down on me
merkel is in charg for berlinattackstop import terror! 
the long and wind road to perdit addasongruinamovi
topnew olymp champion bruce jenner su for wrong death in car crash 
analysis: 'america is alreadi great' - hillari clinton' alli lay out the case against donald trump  polit
feelthebern  
"istartcryingwhen I think about how much damag hillari clinton could do as president, after what she did as secretari Of state!"
"ihaveadreamthat one day all the peopl in the world will learn to use ""your"" and ""you're"" the right way"
rnc 2016: christi roast on social media for defend melania trump speech
donald trump taunt 'disgusting' former miss univers alicia machado  polit
today we are proud of these most influenti black women: kim kardashian west - media mogul 
"reallifemagicspel ""i'm with her"" - very, veri dark magic. it' unforgiv"
the same incid happen in mani differ citi policecolor blacklivesmatt
thi is what all thi guncontrol thing is about2a 
i`m ON the highway TO hell! 
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
AP explains: the election' just begin on elect day 
"shannon lamb, delta state univers shooter dead Of self-inflict gunshot"
"explain it alldamn, she' gorgeous! "
 dude. you'r incred
"I love it when you just don't care, I love it when you danc like there' nobodi there."
songshannibalwoulds hello claric My old friend
photo of the day: hillari support sleep on floor at philli rally!😂imwithh mondaymotiv 
you'r on the right track as long as it' positive!
"reallifemagicspel ""yolo"" provok certain peopl to do dumb stuff they later regret"
"""top trump"" is trend today""fbi clinton"" wasn't trend yesterday"
republican platform remain social conserv as gop committe finish work: the republican parti platform ...  cleveland polit
my4wordnewyearsresolut work work work work
imalwaysokwith sock
gabon leader under scrutini as EU question elect win  world news
"stopislam islamkil s***, thi is to scary. prayforbrussel "
love that! 
12 muslim &amp; a 13-year-old white girl… what happen ‘wa all her fault’ 
"hillari spend $500,000 a day with ad against trump, that money would cover all need of homeless veterans! "
repswalwel what are the root of brussel attacks? islam? stopislam islamkil
"""orang is the new black"" cast is the onli race i'd definit vote for her   hillaryforprison "
unscript trump overshadow hi own econom messag 
anti-rac activist tim wise trace the histor context of donald trump’ use of race 
make america great christmasin3word 
trump pitch black voters: 'what the hell do you have to l...  |  
penc tri to stay focus despit trump gaff  polit
crystalblue190 you too!
"migrant kid arriv in europe. what a polite, peac young man!refugeesnotwelcomereligionsofpeac "
rtifyouar good at make inapropri joke when someon you'r talk about is behind you
"trump plan to stick to urban visits, unveil job plan "
stay strong! happybirthdayangeladavi 
richmondvoic that' tough
weedsillegalbut donald trump is not?
islam is a hate ideology! muslim liter hate america! 
I don't wait 30 min minut to go swim after I eat whyimgangsta
each of the 1993 world trade center bomb terrorist wa an asylum seeker👉how'd that work out islamkil 
sie sind in ein besser welt hinübergegangen  ägypten schweigeminut
you'r a ho-ho-hochristmasbreakupexcus
"interior face lift kyle, texa   blacktwitt "
"afd ist scheiße, afd bleibt scheiß merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
icelebratetrumpwith great expect
drunkband panic! At the disco becaus I lost my car key
"anyon that sell you social as the ""fair"" thing to do is lie or is ignorant. fair is keep what you earn. hadenoughyet pjnet"
"flashback to 2015: hillari explain how she care handl ""c"" email as sos!"
"it' march 18th today, nation supremesacrificeday. rememb those, who made huge sacrific for the sake and the good o…"
it' time! stop soros!
they fought for our freedom and they deserv peace. So sad that they have to fight for their right at home. 
that` great!! 
isn’t sanbernardino just anoth proof that obama’ guncontrol won’t work? prayers4california
"thetroublewithaddict is when you don't have sarahslatemfc on, you realiz mfc suck"
youtub video really. lie liar liar scumbag hillaryforprison2016 obamafail lockherup…  trumpforpresid
mit den jahren wurd merkel klüger merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
my2017resolut tri not to cri when peopl don't retweet me 
"доброе утро! По результатам последних опросов, клинтон обгоняет трампа в пяти ключевых штатах… "
giftideasforpolitician a girl 
"admir gener aladeen, star of ""the dictator"" "
podestaemail fbireopenscas emailscand hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari strongerwithouth lyingcrookedhill… trumpforpresid
wherev I go I talk to peopl about the need to be awar of the one of humanity.
our border are secur mycampaignslogan
all reservoir dog go to heaven   addamovieruinamovi midnight
voterfraud in indiana! dem tri to steal our vote! We must have voter ID law in everi state! RT IF you agre… 
almost...😂 funnysport 
thingstobeashamedof   confront nazi trump support who leav me hang out to dry!! antifa resist! https://t.…
total eclips of the haarp. conspiracysong
migrant gang rape swedish woman in wheelchair and polic free them. So tolerant… 
i'm a billionair unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
brussel mani peopl in our countri live in wors condit than obama want to offer to refuge islamkil
"peter thiel: ""i'm proud to be gay. i'm proud to be a republican."" great speech!👏👏rncincl "
"join us, my friends! "
election2016 in one pictur 
Du mein güte! ich habe so gelacht! dank 😂solch projekt muss man fördern! integr flüchtling islam 
when you show your mom a photo and she keep slide
beunclassyin4wordsy can brag pussi
hashtag game are better than debatenightright?
"just shut up, eat, leave. see you all next year! survivalguidetothanksgiv"
"pres. trump : ""obamacar doesn't work. it' becom total unaffordable.""melbourn trumpral "
trump campaign undergo major overhaul  polit
straight outta coupon budgetmovi midnight
juju (put hillari clinton behind) bars..... politicalfood
I don't support blacklivesmatt and I am not racist. I think blacklivesmatt is racist. 
japanamovi dojo Vs the volcano midnight
"islamkil the world ha actual gone mad. peac and love people, life' too short for all this! stopislam"
countri first
"live from new york, it' a trump-clinton rematch - of sort  "
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
« natur abhor annihilation. » cicero
"theologian may quarrel, but the mystic of the world speak the same language. -meister eckhart"
liberalolympicev jump over the border fence.
berni sanders: imwithhernow and alway wa 
were the iowacaucus anoth rig US election?  cdnpoli iowa p3 tcot dem gop
oscarwilde: A good friend will alway stab you in the front. quot quot magicalquot
clinton left polit expos by fbi report on e-mail habit  polit
billionair thiel ha No plan to give to trump campaign: wsj  polit
An edit button and hope  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"lebron james: ""all live matter"" We are the one! I applaud thi guy!debatenight debates2016 "
conway: we’r see ‘hysterical’ democrat parti ‘unravel in front of our eyes’ 
"ew, dat' were disgust cloth"
twitterfornews: tune into cbsnew to watch tonight' gopdeb  
better call salt  maketvshowscanadian midnight 
big man lie on the ground alon
minor deport  maketvshowsaustralian midnight 
valentinesdayin3word 
ificouldntli there won't be a plenti of good fairytal - pinocchio
thi food is too spici makemehateyouinonephras
"the issu state in the articl exist on both ""sides""and thi IS a problem "
our policenam are the first one who are readi to help us honorforthebrav
deutschland braucht stark städte und einen starken ländlichen raum merkelmussbleiben
midnight summeramovi sing in the hurrican
brussel whi must peopl do thing like brussel attacks? Do you have ani idea about it? islamkil
"fish and ""chips"" fishtv midnight"
congo polic arrest eight activist protest elect delay  news
email buster makeamoviehillari
will a trump presid mean a stigma or higher sale at chicago namesak tower?  
"my2017biggesthop i'll go see a doctor. just googl that pyrodermia thing or whatev it' called, I think it' under my…"
what will our govern do to protect us? I gonna get sick with that drink phosphorusdisast 
RT if you also think we need to ban these hideou veil in public! 
thoma carri boston to win over chicago resignrahm rahmemanuelout
votetrumpsaveamerica trumpforpresid
when you get home safe blacklivesmatt 
"We ignor each other and tri to pretend the other doesn't exist, but deep down we both know it wasn't suppos to end like this."
wtf!? i'm not sure how I feel about thi one... smh... blacktwitt 
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington mankind, when left to themselves, are unfit for their own govern "
dear hillari supporters! pleas do her a favor &amp; vote for trump! hillari need rest.whereshillari 
"debat plan for st. louis, other sites, continu despit trump' balk  polit"
didn't we almost catch the ball dogsong midnight
louie gohmert: hillari clinton 'mental impaired'  polit
let' spread the word! stand for honest elections! onepersononevot  
the latest: trump stir passion in brazil 
trump backer tweet cartoon of clinton in blackfac  polit
"sheriff clark on blacklivesmatter: ""thi is a hate ideology, a danger ideolog – it need to be opposed."" "
"polizist sprang in bach und rettet ""bambi"" "
"let' face it - 140 charact is not bigli enough. i'm go to creat trumper, which is go to be yuge, believ me probabletrumpstweet"
even democrat admit that hillari is a liar and her campaign is in troubl podestaemails6 
If trump is not your president... mayb you'r in the wrong country... 
the most frighten sight for hillari and for her camp!nbcnewsforum 
when you want your pet' affection... 🐶 
the mothtra propheci japanamovi midnight
trump tsunami incoming: what trump did In florida today will make him president!  
oh wait…what just happened?? 
colorado polic offic say movi theater gunman wa 'veri calm' 
bad news for libtard who want to move to canada. No one actual want your incompet whini ass there 😂… 
betteralternativetodeb poop myself to death.
obamaslegaci in one pictur 
whiskey khalifa drunkband midnight
raider of the lost email makeamoviehillari
muslim execut 25 peopl by lower them in a vat of nitric acid!but msm keep say they are peaceful! 
"obama arriv in asia, but hi pacif trade deal is almost dead  polit"
let' play a game. thi man kill two polic officers. now guess what happen to him when cop came to arrest him? 
"realdonaldtrump : “the polic are the most mistreat peopl in thi country,” "
oscarsoblack whi not??? oscarhasnocolor oscar
x-men: day of futur puff puff pass stonedcomicbook midnight
trump call for 'nation anti-crim agenda'  polit
they say loveislov 
tell dougducey to stop myuhc from keep thousand of member from receiv care at center of excellence!  conspiracysong
wassvpwitb thi is a distract by the devil to make you not pay attent to the beyoncé tour! staywok ... and you know what I meant!
highschooltaughtm some friend drift apart after a while. It happen to everyone.
"the price is close enough, Go ahead it' your's! maketvshowscanadian midnight "
"bibl """
prepperw I want peopl in black area have no opportun to buy a gun 
bc2dc16 winbenwinin2016 imoorenewton pjnet makethecal ireneeagle1 irgrannyg janetstangel retweeetthi RT  
donald trump blast NY time after stori about 'sputtering'...  |  
thetroublewithaddict is it wa fun
trump: ‘no path to legalization’ for undocu immigr  polit
could trump benefit from revers coattails?  polit
hillari lie constantly. say she oppos nafta. total false! debat debatenight debate2016
gop' long-simm civil war break into the open  polit
offendeveryonein4word pepsi unitedairlin spicer
"hillari clinton diagnos with pneumonia: what is the illness, and how seriou can it be?  polit"
vice presid joe biden to campaign for clinton at chatham univers 
one more mentally-il african-american shot dead By polic 
kansa AG sue obama administr to obtain document about gitmo plan  news
trump say ‘race riots’ are happen everi month  polit
it' 7 in the morn &amp; the first thing I have to see is anoth black man shot and kill by police. blackskinisnotacrim
"We may not yet know the motiv for thi attack...i think everyon alreadi knows, except obama...batonroug "
homonation 
politico report glenn thrush bust send stori to team clinton for “approval”  
sometimestwittermakesm drop my phone on my face
I feel the same! 
you can lay with me so it doesn't hurt.
midnight  drunkband  blink .182
one never notic what ha been done
"unlearn hillari from lying. actually, not as dumb as it seem dumbgeniewish"
"go through snap chat, twitter and insta in the morn when you wake up as if it' a news paper"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm put the pill down girl :/
whenitimetravel i'll take my kid back with me to meet my dad.❤
official: No 'manipulation' of data seen in elect hack 
dem burn an isra flag outsid the demconvention!😡😡 
truth 
even a littl moment of glori for bush wa stolen by tump 2016elect
"oops, I stab you again songshannibalwoulds "
newsblog: deutsch bank verweigert auskünft zu trump-krediten  via spiegelonlin
student at dillard got pepper spray for protest david duke come there. it' a histor black colleg a… 
boom💥 african american church endors trump!but 0 coverag from the media! 
andthenishouldhavesaid there may be peanut in that
makemehateyouinonephras is that gluten-free? 
berni sander appar sold out to hillari clinton for a privat plane. feelthebern demsinphilli demconvent 
angela merkel ist bescheiden und fleißig merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
ol' bender-ti bastard... robothiphop midnight
midnight get your filthi paw of me you damn dirti crepes! onewordoffmoviequot
"lgbtq activist held ""danc party"" protest outsid ivanka trump' d.c. home "
hillari clinton speak w/ report after debatelook at her face.. she still hasn't recovered... 
hillari clinton and mosquito ha one thing in common - they both suckvotetrump makeamericagreatagain 
"while you are make love, let there be prayer."
"I like it when he is look at me, but I just don't feel right about my appear everi time"
MT shooters_wife: listen! A grassroot army... come to take back their country! pjnet  cruzcrew pjnet
"cnnpolit 1% is with hillari clinton, we all know it. too bad liber too dumb to see it"
"donald trump arriv in baton rouge, will tour flood damag "
"I hate racism and inequality, but our current presid seem to be OK with all thi reasoniamnotpresid"
"donald trump stay on script, tell cleveland crowd he'll 'drain the swamp in washington, d.c.'  polit"
"prestig protect agenc philadelphia, pennsylvania secureppa88yahoo.com  blacktwitt "
lake flaccid dickflick midnight
".sheriffclarke: ""the reason they don't like hrc is not b/c she' a woman, it' b/c she' dishonest &amp; she is hiding… "
 fascinating!
that` all fake! 
the assventur of jimmi neutron: boy geniu problematickidsshow midnight
ruinadinnerinonephras how wa school?
how can you all pray for a mass shoot in pari but not for the one in your own country? guns4ni
rtifyouar homesick today
"jay Z ha been arrest for murder, found guilti of stabbing, sold crack"
On the red carpet. the black interview onli talk to black celebs. and the white one onli interview the white bitches…
ashlierodriguez isi is so close to us! how can we protect us? texasjihad
"ja, frau merkel ist tatsächlich die best kanzlerin die deutschland je hatt merkelmussbleiben"
"MT jphilman0206: let elect the most qualifi man to clean up the mess, tedcruz. trust  cruzcrew pjnet"
video: donald trump not happi with debat moder 
thingsyoucantignor your  pregnant girlfriend daddy' shotgun
scorpion  ❀ wind Of chang  via youtub
new hampshir poll: clinton lead trump by 9 point  polit
you dishonor my countri by vote her! 
"gopdeb you know that  dem went far to the left, I think, and left some of us strand on the beach, so we went to gop vegasgopdeb"
ac/dc' legend of tomorrow  maketvshowsaustralian
"MT prdblckrpblican: SC here I come! let' welcom the next potus, ted cruz!  cruzcrew pjnet"
"kansa senat gop hope craft platform, woo angri voter  news"
"I want you to walk out of here tonight not love me more, but love yourselv more.  – ladi gaga"
ihatepokemongobecaus it' phase one in skynet' plan to control humans.
imalwaysokwith ketchup on a hamburg
pjnet ccot abort prochoic   model stump PP w/ scienc (not religion) of prolif position: 
trump say birth control shouldn’t need prescription: AP  polit
statedepart aid plead the fifth more than 90 time 
"realdonaldtrump nytim ""hillari clinton ha zero record to run on - unless you call corrupt positive.."" - ingrahamangl"
" yeah, man)))"
miraclechild charliecalley63 dindu nuffin' sentiment are not welcom here
"dream. all you have to do is think about it, work on it everi day, and you'll get it. –sebastian (littl mermaid series)"
trump name kansa governor to cathol advisori group  news
trump respond to republ endors of clinton  polit
angela merkel adé tritt in große fußstapfen 
ospatriot sakotheamerican whi are liber so stupid? don't they understand what they are doing?
clinton score easi win over trump in her nativ illinoi  
trump tv:.judgenap: new fbi doc show 'bribe offer' to agent in hillaryclinton email probe 
"""A swim up bar"
somedayidliketose karma blast someon while im watch
i’m not the onli one
A beggar can never be bankrupt
islamkil the onli way to stop terrorist from slip through the crack of law enforc is to keep them from come here
"chicago alderman plan To remov honorari trump sign, emanuel agre "
just don't forget: hill accept donat from countri where woman are subjug &amp; oppressedwomensequalityday 
thingsthatshouldbecensor famili gather 
demon kitti 
obama to meet erdogan amid anti-isi squabbl  polit |  
"ann coulter: ""if hillari wins, she will amnesti 30+ million illeg alien &amp; rep will never win elect again..."" "
".marksteynonline: ""there is a crude arithmet here...th more muslim you have, the more terror you have."" "
merri christma and rip polit correctness! tcot 
land of the giant squid fishtv midnight
realdonaldtrump hey coward you see this? 
win ben holstein' money cowtv midnight
thingsinventedwhilehigh...i still don't get it 
it' amaz 😂 trump 
n.j. elect offici say no evid vote will be 'rigged' 
sie bekennt sich zu ihren versprechungen! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
women have strong reason not to vote for hillarysh doesn't deserv our votesimnotwithh 
RT if you agreetcot pjnet maga 
michael_0000 fitgurustevi peecho thank you!
sheriff joe arpaio:'a nation without border is no nation at all.'rncincl gopconventiontrumpiswithy 
"there are no thingsthatshouldbecensored, you fuck moron."
I haven’t expect such a treacheri on thanksgiving. turkey foodpoison kochfarm 
"suspect action = offic reactions, stop blame them for do their work honorforthebrav "
eric trump ralli in lackawanna counti  |  
former trump va. chair: trump comment 'male bravado' 
.sheriffclark on demconvention: “seem to be about embrac criminality”demsinphilli rallcallvot 
"she' readi to preserve, protect and defend herself after she fails, fails, fails, lie and fails. hillaryforprison "
jump jack russel dogsong midnight
that' what they alway do 
‘thi is painful': hillari clinton address stun staff and nation in defeat  
"ladi gaga, lenni kravitz to headlin dnc concert  polit |  "
"where they stand: clinton, trump on the issu "
brazilian refere pull out handgun dure soccer match
obama' america: the msm celebr reunit of homeless veteran and hi famili instead of ask question tcot 
⚡️ “the day X is coming!”
“ha hillari clinton ever call peopl who support these practic deplorable?” ~ trump hmm🤔 indeed..fortmyers… 
minnesota ha the longest unbroken streak vote democrat of ani state (sinc 1976)but thi one from 1984 is my fa… 
Is the senat  alreadi cave on obama scotu demands? ccot gop lnyhbt ocra orpuw pjnet tcot teaparti tlot
foxnew hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump stop spread lies!
sometimesitsokto secretli enjoy the kardashian show
conserv decri bradley cooper' dnc appear  |  
"makemehateyouinonephras i'm throw an alcohol free party. no, not a free alcohol party!"
isi leader abu bakr al-baghdadi 'no longer in mosul' 
"thingsyoucantignor ""creativity"" worldofhashtag "
bastion need a buff offendeveryonein4word
keep fight fl! report voterfraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (trump lawyer team)… 
"crayola common core lesson promot maoism, global warm alarmism, social justic  teaparti tcot tlot pjnet"
If everyth will fall apart it will be obama and kerry` fault!!!! kerrydosmth
"He put the bottl to hi head and pull the trigger, he final drank her pain away, a littl at a time. bradpaisley ."
christmasaftermath I hope to wake up and see that all what ha happen in 2016 wa onli a bad dream

"It is hard to fail, but it is wors never to have tri to succeed."
hillari clinton: trump’ ‘final target Is democraci itself’  polit
"erdogan behauptet, daß europa die türkei mehr brauch al die türkei europa"
"hillary: you'r a puppettrump: no, you'r a puppethillary: no, you!america: "
"come here, cutie! "
ben carson s respons to donald trump s insults:  pray for him
jame johnson drop the hammer! toronto raptor 
"""not one more american life should be given up in the name of open borders."" ~ donald trump "
"life is what you make it. alway ha been, alway will be"
idontneedacostumebecaus I am too old for thi sh*t 
thingshillarywillneverhav integrity. 
"donald trump: measur 4: ""A 5-year ban on WH and congression offici becom lobbyist after they leav govern… "
trump vow to remov million live in countri illegally: 'no amnesty' 
see what trump make to thi country?!nevertrump racism 
"""I think, frankly, donald trump' go to end up beat hillari by a surpris margin."" - newt gingrich… "
perfect! 
imalwaysokwith myself
"It may be alright to be content with what you have, but never with what you are."
"MT jtell3 gave paul ryan a new nickname, ""caveman""! cave to the left, cave to obama, cave to pelosi! speakerryan aka the caveman! pjnet"
"one week out from elect day, ohio remain a tossup: ohio polit roundup  polit"
trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
from a classroom in chicago. that' beautifulstoprac 
ben carson at the sunshin summit.
thanksobama obama ha grant more clemenc than past 12 presid combined. 
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
let’ talk about ‘black’ histori month’  tcot ccot blackhistorymonth mychalmassi
"""the absenc of altern clear the mind marvellously."" - henri kissing quot iamonfir"
"with just 13 day left in campaign, trump circl back to slam jeb bush  polit"
tbt To curri in hi davidson days😳
We are make history. blackpressday
uncov abc footag show bill clinton grope an assist befor realiz the camera is on.rapistbillclinton 
".ericbolling: ""if you'r a conservative, you'v got to love thi cabinet so far."" "
It wa colin powel who told hillari to leav benghazi victim to die!blamecolinpowel 
the worst thing about be lie to is simpli know you weren't worth the truth.
lorettalynch whi don't you prosecut blacklivesmatt for violent threat against police? Or do you onli care about muslim
ilove__butihate__ I love fat elvi but I hate fat albert
cancelplansin5word hello new phone who di
lol it' the best idea 
the eurythm - sweet dream  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
imalwaysokwith how I look 
MT sdv92: time to chang govt. not americans.  cosproject pjnet
whity8683 kardasiapat the first one look male
accountability: fact or fiction?  rejecteddebatetop
addabandtoatvshow  anthrax and the citi
flashback video : racist video surfac of hillari clinton trash indian  
it' unbeliev about how inspir sam is ☺ 
A bride weirdthingstobuyonlin 
We reap what hillari ha sown. trump will stop it! isi is go down 
"final presidenti debat tonight (10/19/2016) trump vs. clinton: time it begins, channel, live updat "
that' how she see it 
wibkegt würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
"hillari clinton, donald trump are get grounded: ohio polit roundup  polit"
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online! 
lol love the pic 
 pitbul is the man!
report: rnc lose staffer over trump  polit |  
veal housew of the OC cowtv midnight
thi is great! millenni stand w/ donald trump! basementdwel 
"kiron skinner: ""hillari clinton repres the establishment...th establish ha not been good for black voters… "
icelebratetrumpwith sleep pills. wake me up in 4 year
"when trump rally' start chant ""build the wall"" it sound like ""kill them all"""
final it' end 2016electionin3word
I didn`t know about it! 
but the media keep say that american don't support trump🙄 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari dindu whine of blm thug
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""I never want to move again..."""
edrossmann würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
bowl for day mybedroomin3word
TV Ad spend reveal the state where trump and clinton are fight hardest  polit
secondhandgift the password to my netflix account..you'r welcom
"presid trump declar april 2017 as ""nation sexual assault awar &amp; prevent month.""pizzag "
they look more like conserv than democrat demdeb demdebatemiami 
obama say the u.s. had no involv in turkish coup: presid barack obama on friday strongli refut rep... 
can't understand the caus of disputes. oscar goe to talented. oscarhasnocolor
thefirst100daystodolist make a cake 
"coldwar20_en well, they break the law, so thi is the result"
I alway go to bed wait for you to text me.
thank you for your service🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 inhonorof 🙌
whyimgangsta cuz I know all the finger action 
kobetruthnlight you'r defil our lord' name by have such inept logic skill 
trumpbecaus “I onli work with the best” trump2016 👥👨‍👨‍👧
thi seem like a fantast place to work. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
thingshillarygoogl hillari clinton dea... how to stop autofil
alabama high school apolog after use donald trump slogan...  |  
mrverita true words!
shock video: california high school student brutal beaten for support donald trump!! 
putin say u.s. hysteria over russia an elect ploy  news
No worries! with new campaign bu sickhillari will have immedi access to first aid facilities!hillaryshealth 
US increas militari presenc in iraq by 460 more men in prepar for mosul offfens 
I got 99 power chord without a switch on one of them robothiphop
"hansenjourn sehr geehrter herr hansen, die mehrheit der deutschen will es auch, merkelmussbleiben"
putin alli tell americans: vote trump or face nuclear war  world news
obama say trump 'unfit' for presid  polit
best halloween costume! trump2016 
the dress is wonder 😍 blackgirlsrock  
valentinesdayin3word need to drink(mor and more and more)
"😑 good morning, my friendsstay sane "
We are transfer the power from washington back to you people. great words!inaugurationday 
altman: trump probabl spark advers market reaction  polit
A river beer run through it redneckamovi midnight
I suppos that our govern want to poison us! these event make me hysteric!!! phosphorusdisast
hillari clinton choos tim kain as her run mate. A fuck white male if you use word from liber 
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trump "
cattledom cowtv midnight
clinton to portray trump econom plan as handout for rich  news
when you want your pet' affection... 🐶 
"""we can't fix a rig system by elect the peopl who rig it in the first place."" ~ donald trump "
"""the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris in polit history. it' wrong &amp; must be shut down!"" ~trump "
trump belittl accus as more turn up with sordid stori  news
shame!!😡 No respect! US flag fall and hit floor but hillari clinton doe noth 
blacklivesmatt make me excited! - monaeltahawi visiontor
thingsyoucantignor unfortun the flash light in your rear view mirror
tax plan of clinton v trump. imnotwithh hillari trump 
everi littl thing We drill Is tragic  earthdaysong  midnight
mississippi flag remov from avenu of the state at dnc  news
melania trump offer warm word for husband donald; giuliani fire up rnc crowd on day 1  polit
MT missybash: obama is lying. economi is tanking. thi time it' not bush' fault.  wakeupamerica pjnet
roundup: the accus of bad behavior that hit trump thi week  polit
"onc again, marvel continu to pwn Dc like the littl shit it is "
iwishitwasillegalto put hot guys' imag on your tinder profil when you'r just a twist serial killer look for some…
krawal und sexuel übergriff bei volksfest. wa ist lo mit unser deutschland?! schorndorf
like the music! 
look strang but it works! 
My casual limit invit famili onli greek wed   midnight budgetmovi
"sorry, louisiana! obama’ veri busi play golf! "
trump-clinton race test senat race in reliabl gop georgia  news
mysaturdaynightin4word highatu rogueon fun
".newtgingrich: ""one of the tragedi of have a corrupt justic dept is that there' nobodi there to do the polic… "
We did our best not to let killari and her friend to ruin our countryforev in our hearts!rip benghazi 
A hard day' night next to the fridg makeamoviefat
life a bitch
".shaunking: american polic depart are revenu gener monsters, polic for profit must be banned."
honestli scare to see who win the elect trumpforpresid
"smuellermdb frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
"""I like wikileak when they were against the guy I don't like. whi can’t they be more biased?"" "
jspapatriot jackposobiec isn't that against the rule or illeg or something?!? riggedelect trumpforpresid
democrat look after see the latest polls.trump2016trumppence16 
donald trump jr.: 'melania did phenomen job'  news |  
how stella got her groupon back budgetmovi midnight
these dog are not mine :( reasonstoprotest 
breaking: ocean citi busi ground trump airplan banner 
"2016there' now a whole gener of children who have lead poisoning, which may lead to the next gener of c… "
so don't you leav say goodby

accord to hillari clinton black peopl are labor for himwithh hillary4prison indicthillari neverhillari 
sometimesitsokto be the first to ask a cop if he use ani drug today
ohio voter request absente ballot for presidenti elect at record pace  polit
sopandeb hope nobodi wa grope or got orang makeup on them trumpforpresid
"non-viol is when one ha the chanc to harm anoth but resist from do so, thi is genuin non-violence."
who is real hero?lik for colinkaepernickretweet for brave vet 
I think the oscarssowhit thing is stupid oscarhasnocolor oscar
thi sick stuff make allah veri happy! wakeupamerica tcot ccot buildthewal  
huge crowd in charlott for realdonaldtrump rally! 
iamonfir  thi is too funni
the world is kinda cold and the rhythm is my blanket.  – q-tip
obama: ‘we save the best for last’ at final state dinner 
the latest: kasich: trump must 'oper in the light' 
cirrhosi mix-a-lot drunkband midnight
did the dnc serious just swap the chair fire for anti-sand bia with a differ anti-sand official? 
onli in obama' america it' an OK thing wakeupamerica 
stop focus on how stress you are and rememb how bless you are.
donald trump: ein bisschen zuckerbrot und viel peitschemexiko via faznet
merkel bedeutet stabilität merkelmussbleiben
merkel ist in der lage geldpolitik zu verändern! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
thi birth control is free and readili available!   defundpp wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot  
freiheit und sicherheit gehören für merkel zusammen merkelmussbleiben throwbackthursday 
alic in wunderbar  onewordoffbook midnight
experi is simpli the name we give to our mistakes.
Be gone in 6  otherthingstodoin6second
If we want to stop the pointless and violent shoot we have to chang the 2nd amend gunviolenceoregon
midnight breakin' 2: electr bug a boo addasongruinamovi
stopthest in philly. voter fraud is happen right now! spread the word! electionday 
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
trump call for clinton foundat to shut down  polit
blindli support a crimin onli becaus she also ha vagina.. Is it smart? 
hillari clinton: 3 'appar terrorist attacks' should 'steel our resolve'  polit
angela merkel hate her own country. watch how she disrespect the nation flag!but hillari said that she is her… 
reminder: merkel bring in thousand of refuge in germany! munich 
the well-heel have eye richmovi midnight
you know whi cop talk about gang violence? they are expert in it! blacklivesmatt freddiegray 
ministerin von der leyen besucht zentrum für luftoperationen  syrien trump höger 
some are call for a boycott becaus of the lack of divers in the nomin *facepalm.jpg* oscarhasnocolor oscar
who qanta To Be A millionaire? maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"*exterem graphic*(allegedly) nour al-zinki behead a child captur ""fight for regime"" with al-qud brigad "
highschooltaughtm how to wake up earli in the morn and catch bu to get there and how to sleep again after reach school
My skin is so gross right now from stress 😰 thefac
"It wa a crazi lunat with an unlaw obtain gun, doe guncontrol regul lunatics?  prayers4california"
treat peopl with civil is often unexpect
usa today break with tradit to oppos trump  polit
trumpsfavoriteheadlin scientist proved: china invent global warm 
republican nation convention: arpaio not ask to take rnc stage; flake say gop 'jump the shark' with clinton attack  polit
"sie wird es so schaffen, dass deutsch immer unser amtssprach bleibt! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
much ado bout nuthin redneckamovi midnight
they were left behind to make headlin in cnn report of airstrikesrefugeesnotwelcom 
"lieb frau merkel bitt standhaft bleiben, die welt braucht sie. merkelmussbleiben"
pigeontoday I would vote for him 😂 or deeznut 😂😂😂
pentagon issu implicit threat to shoot down syrian warplan after they bomb danger close to US sof 
My presid is proud that he hasn't had a major scandal dure hi presid 
we'v found the reason behind hillary' mental health issues! 
the disneyland of the lost. summeramovi midnight
abortion: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
12 play of nbaxmas... d-wade lob it off the glass for lebron in 2013 at 7! 
"the first hashtag game in 2017 by giselleevn will start in an hour, don't miss it!"
clinton put mani trump backer in 'basket of deplorables' 
"""wow, pull back wrong throttle"" - captain of crash transasia plane  world news"
makesexawkwardin5word scream out my brother name
guns4ni I can't believ they keep convinc us that if we give up gun we'll be safer
"trump isn't back paul ryan, john mccain  polit"
"hochhausbrand in london: mindesten zwölf tote, viel verletzt "
pretti much 
mord ohn leiche-prozess in frankenthal: lebenslang haftstraf 
"gigawalru lol, obama did it for 8 years. ""it' bush' fault!"", remember? how' schwarzenegg non-polit and bush is?"
clinton campaign: comput servic use by campaign hack  polit
muslim women ask trump canyouhearusnow?  polit
teapartyn yup!!
teapartycat great news!
"with hillari in charge, america will burn in flame of a shame. So don't let thi happen!teapartynew "
just anoth shoot in the mall. thnx obama gardencityshoot
some would say I wa a lost man in a lost world
newson now audio podcast: bishop e.w. jackson call blacklivesmatter... 
I believ in you! whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
i`ll drive our societi forward not backward mycampaignslogan
I think it' clear whi american have no trust in the mainstream mediacrookedmedia 
email show how privat and public clinton statement clash  news
RT if you also think that trump is the most pro-veteran candidate! trump2016 trumppence16 
shaunk creflo_dollar seriously⁉️ fuck that small time donat plate realdonaldtrump will cop me that G6 
"herman cain: ""barack obama think he' the presid of the world, when instead...he' a fail presid of the us… "
here is presid obama’ speech at the u.n. gener assembl  break
trump ignor fact with dig at merkel' refuge policy: german minist  world news
💥shock poll💥55% of dem don’t believ obama is a christian!birther  
"sometimesitsokto wear handerpants. although, honestly, I can't think of a singl way those can be util "
schönen sonntag! 
snowsho step by snowsho step maketvshowscanadian midnight
whyihateyouin4word you kill our peopl cascademal 
obama legaci on the line as voter repudi clinton  
never say never... mybedroomin3word
msm lies... No way is crookedhillari beat realdonaldtrump! dishonestmedia maga trumppenc imnotwithh 
i'm so glad i'm an adult and I don't have to deal with thi 😑 
how did she even becom a candidate? 
"land own by the govt: in alaska (98.5), nevada (87.7), idaho (63.8), and utah (63.6) etc. oregon teaparti "
"liber VS police""i want, I want, I want...."" sheesh "
ccot terrorist train camp in US are infrastructur for attack  falseflag for eventu martiallaw. militia
trump hit hard at ‘obamacare’ after gloomi report  news
libtard lunat roast nicol kidman for be reason on twitter. happen to me all the time!… 
Do we valu gun more than children lives? gunviolenceoregon
these are the same peopl who call trump “anti-democratic”trumppresid 
coldwar20_en thi gener is doom
Do we want a presid who make so mani mistak in one statement! 
"how can you possibl make hillari support stop be blind and ask themselv one simpl question: ""whi is that?… "
"don king use the 'N word' while introduc donald trump, who side with black live matter on tul...  polit"
"presid obama to visit louisiana tuesday, white hous say  polit"
"donald trump highlight immigr crime, border and hillari clinton in texa "
see how unpopular clinton and trump are now
watch thi 30 sec video to find out how poll can be manipulated: podestaemails18 tuesdaymotiv 
"hillari on ""funni or die""sh prefer to die, appar"
gop rep. adam kinzing say he can't support donald trump  |  
2017survivaltip don’t ever tri to kiss me 
iran confirm that it execut a scientist who gave intel about the iran' nuclear program. more death becaus of obama and iran deal
"hairi leg and arms? No that` not my boyfriend, that` me!"

midnight japanamovi zack and miri make a tentacl porno
"sick hillari clinton struggl to get out of a van, nearli fall again. hillaryshealth "
"newt gingrich ~ ""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!""nic nicefr "
Is that clear?teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america bluelivesmatt 
the hijab belong in america 
"""we pledg allegi to one flag, and that flag is the american flag!"" ~ donald trump in cincinnati "
"cite cyber 'revolution,' obama issu attack respons plan  polit"
"""game of clone"
"“i, racist” by johnmetta  blacktwitt  blacklivesmatt"
"what’ allow to happen to girl in sweden, like we cannot expect peopl from other cultur to not marri 12i old"
tofeelbetteri watch other people' fail to make me feel more adequ 
trump: presidenti campaign could be good for hi hotel 
"RT if you also think that along with gennif flowers, trump should seat parent of the benghazi victims.. "
candi mountain 
obamaadministr offici convict of voter fraud 
holder' doj ferguson unit ha taint past retweet   RT tcot ccot teaparti conserv
trump 'fine' with send american citizen to guantanamo bay  polit
thingsyoucantignor  game
sen. toomey' neighbors' home hit with anti-gop graffiti 
"blacklivesmatt policelivesmatt whitelivesmatt frenchlivesmatt alllivesmatt except for racists, of ani colour, creed or nation"
nice gentlemen give rose to girl and women next to westminst abbey❤️happi internationalwomensday… 
islamkil prayforbrussel xx brussel
raketenprogramm:trump geduld mit nordkorea ist vorbei 
"""we all smoke, it' ok""✌️🏾😂 "
gameshowhostpickuplin  show me boob 
No comment needed. pictur say it all. 
"""we spent $6  trillion in me! with thi money we could rebuild our countri twice!""debates2016 debatenight debat"
the onli reason we can't defeat these 'elite' fighters👇 of isi is treason! 
crookedhillari hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp trumpforpresid
reports: colin powel call trump 'nation disgrace' in hack email  polit
optim is lack of information.
"realdonaldtrump : hillari clinton ha been there for 30 years, and hasn't fix anything."" henderson "
"itsunacceptableto say ""I don't watch cartoons, too old for thi shit"""
lol cnn fakenew 
that' whi I truli believ we should not allow our liber to ruin our country. teapartynew theteaparti 
dayafterchristma 
straight outta sunblock  summeramovi
"activ shooter at san diego naval hospit just made three shots. No victim report so far, we prayforsandiego "
notpp hillaryrottenclintonmessag to all dem who are support tpp demconvent demsinphilli 
"youwanttoavoid thi photo be showed, but thi is the internet, not corrupt media. "
".olivernorthfnc on terrorist attacks: ""we are live in a new world disorder.""w need trump to fix it! "
atlantabreak actual factual georgia: not all fox organist are known
"trumpbecaus like trump or not, let' defend hi right to run, to be heard and to shake thing up. trumpforpresid 👮🏻🔫👨🏿"
rememb hillari caught asleep in congress dure georg bush’ 9/11 address in 2001..she is not fit to be prez!… 
idontneedacostumebecaus I would rather eat all the meat 
islamkil If we can't get a guarante that none of these refuge are terrorist then we shouldn't take them. 
governor brownback on kobach’ recent trump meet  
even watch all twilight movi would be a betteralternativetodebates. 
"dear blacklivesmatt members, that' how protest should look likestop turn america into africa… "
thi is what a real hero and nfl star look like. colincaepernick 
hey potus! wanna see who you realli are? 
the blender everyon use to make margarita lastminutegifts2016
ohio man detail experi with trump univers in hillari clinton campaign video  polit
brussel islamkil whi no one react to a terror threat in time? 
"man tri to steal lobster and steak, lose shoe run from scene: solon polic blotter: A man who attempt to stea…"
"candid sound good, talk tough, say right things, but havent got a clue what is need  --&gt; rubio, christie, kasich"
don't sleep on uber. staywok
sometimestwittermakesm realis how creepi peopl can be
bombshel video : assang “clinton and isi are fund By the same money”  
mybedroomin3word whip chain safeword
the old man and the sia onewordoffbook midnight
I want one like this!!! 
email show how clinton campaign chair wa appar hack 
jordi nelson out for season
obvious barackobama hasn't seen americansniper. spoiler alert -women
donald trump now say islam state comment about obama wa sarcast 
"wife swap! ""that' not a wife…that' a wife"" maketvshowsaustralian midnight "
when it hit you that yoy'v ruin a continent! munich münchen 
I swear MY heart just stop for A few second
masturb all day valentinesdayin3word
ladi take down trump whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
tim kain is no pro-israel voice. He boycot netanyahu' speech and back iran deal.
tobiaslindn würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
increas your understand of the US constitut today with constitut sound bites:  pjnet tcot
MT texasshebandit: A vote for tedcruz is A vote for conservatism.  cruzcrew pjnet
negason senior citizen warhead midnight superoldhero
"and the media oppos it like it' a new opposit party. with no credibility, they'r still serv their masters… "
andthenishouldhavesaid 
"den reichtum unser land machen für merkel die menschen aus, die hier leben. merkelmussbleiben"
"trump back Up on stop and frisk, say He meant in chicago "
game of turbot midnight fishtv
marihuana is the first step to heroin junkieu
"iknewweweredoom when somebodi said the egg salad tast ""off"""
"I never change, I simpli becom more myself"
"merkel sieht jünger aus, al sie ist merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
"charliecalley63 miraclechild well, you take it wrong"
thingsyoucantignor  A flat tire
christmasaftermath 100 new empti beer can sinc 7 am..
im almost dead 2016electionin3word
benghazi victim' father: clinton 'directli respons for death of My son'  
"we all know that ""protesters"" don't carri rifl with scopes, that' insane! copswillbecop"
"""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!"" ~ newt gingrichdeb "
"gameshowhostpickuplin and for a $1,000 dollar will you A) sleep with me B) sleep with me or C) sleep with me ...ani answer is correct"
"they want to impeach trump for keep hi promis to the people. calm down, he is your presid for next 8 years!"
"republican latch onto audio of clinton critiqu sanders’ ‘revolution,’ but senator’ team push back  polit"
rob portman won't play hillari clinton in mock debat with...  |  
kim covington: what elect of trump taught me  
It won't chang anything. you can't chang the past. –simba (the lion king)
you can’t make a good deal with a bad person.
trump' debat spin doubl down on stupidity: darci cartoon  polit
itsriskyto miss hashtag game host by giselleevn 
last chanc folk fox new host stun viewer with thi urgent hillari warn To america! -  imnotwithh
more like the distanc between her face and my eye trumpwon 
sometimestwittermakesm momentarili interest o.0
black oliv matter is trendingnorm peopl reaction: lolliber reaction: how dare you!liberallog 
kind is alway stronger than brutal and kill stopkillingu antipolicebrutalityday
remodel and home repair   blacktwitt services4sal    download app for details:   
"Or smash yourself with a hammer, I don't care! "
replay: david savard 🚨🚨🚨 cbj 
"neanybean18 yeah, she didbut who care about those hollywood cuck anyway"
i’m realli proud of our young people! thank you for be real patriots! makeamericagreatagain 
hacker guccif 2.0 issu dire warn to american : democrat may tri and hack the election… 
mock trump: comedian don't bother him; polit oppone...  |  
nationalgreasyfoodday final the day I can relat to 
"one day, i'll say i'm over you and mean it."
obama creat world' largest marin protect area 
kale is her life becaus kim kardashian say so reasonstogetdivorc
anoth one bite the dust. imwithh neverhillari imnotwithh trumppence16 
justicefi athleticstvshow
ihavearighttoknow whi all other countri use liter and we use liquid gallons? nationaldrinkbeerday …
😱😱 
g-20-gipfel: warum tourt ein bu für toleranz durch hamburg?  
find nemo insid out  addamovieruinamovi midnight
"mayor giuliani: ""that' the oath you take when you becom a citizen of the us. you renounc allegi to all other… "
when' the last time a person with a disabl wa nomin for an award? oscarhasnocolor
mighti muf power play rangers. problematickidsshow
"illeg don't care a bit about the fate of thi country, they just want to take social benefit for do nothing! "
protest erupt after st. loui offic fatal shoot 18-year-old man
"watch: power speech from sheriff david clarke: ""blue live matter in america""👍rncincl batonroug "
"the right person for you is the person you love just the way he or she is, the person u don't the need to chang at all."
donaldtrump file $500million lawsuit against univis over end contract with missuniverso  follow trump' http://…
trumpenmexico wa histor &amp; show leadership! 
school said that display flag could “potenti compromis the safeti of all in attend at a school event”. 
"gopdeb Of course,  onli donald trump ha the gut to defend us from terrorist vegasgopdeb"
"john podesta had 75,000 share in a russian energi compani with tie to putin. msm never investig hi tie to the ru…"
survivalguidetothanksgiv chang your name
momin5word valid my misogyni earli on
frequencyio I never told she offend me. your argument is invalid
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam such a ration religion!  "","""
trump escal attack on clinton' charact  polit
ihatepokemongobecaus it' the precursor to thi 
bone thugs-n-harmoni addabandtoatvshow
lastminutegifts2016 A copi of whatev the number 1 bestsel at the supermarket is…
"jenn_abram no, god, please, no!"
".brunelldonald: ""on novemb 8th, vote donald J. trump. don't be distracted, stay focused."" "
pretend the gym rat mypreworkoutroutin
"donald trump to discuss immigration, nation secur at youngstown state univers (live coverage)  polit"
then and now: christie' evolut on trump' wall mexico will pay for (videos)
" michaelsabbi stop to catch breath. It wa a fatal mistake. cop beaten, pepperspray and t…"
 watch wasn`t in vain

think of someth for thi tag otherthingstodoin6second 
how to start a riot (via erictucker)trumpriot 
"liber lose, but...ar you surprised? 😏 "
msm will never show you this! trump is expos as racist but we want to show you that it' not so.latinos4trump! 
"gewalt ist immer gleich schlimm, egal au welchem politischen grund sie verübt wird 😔😔😔 g20"
My presid is black and he' the reason of racism in usa! He made it! makeamericagreatagain realdonaldtrump 
midnight it' time for pound sign wars! tweetsfrom10yearsago
join us❤️ 
obama sign opioid addict bill into law -white hous  health
"""the adventur of tom sauna"
polic continu to receiv applaus as they walk through the street of cleveland.rncincl 
it' school-to-prison pipeline! end racial bia in schools. full fund 4 public ed! mikebrown fergusonrememb
sheriff david clark ha alway been on target.. RT if you also love him to show your support! 
realdonaldtrump 1️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ go! operationtacobowl is go to happen in few hours! RT to make it trending!
"'awkward': hostility, genial mix as trump, clinton meet at event; watch the highlight "
"donald trump onc save A woman’ farm from foreclosure“th onli way I can explain it wa god touch hi heart.""… "
ificouldtalktogod I would ask him if he actual like listen to our prayer on sunday morn
liberallog 
"""how are we the countri that took the beach of normandi if we need a therapi dog everi time thing don't go our w… "
"colin kaepern 'embarrassed' by clinton, trump: 'they'r debat who' less racist' "
"🚨voterfraud is trend on twitter. folks, keep up the pressure!💪evangelicaltrump verita "
interest point on the first presidenti debatenight 
iliketocollect corps 
'donald intend to repres all of the peopl - not just some of the people.'~ melania trumprncincl gopincl 
7 standout moment from the vice presidenti debat 
"susan collins, gop senat from maine, disavow donald trump  |  "
topvideo obama hope there will be progress on mosul by year-end 
He is bright like the full moon
"iknewweweredoom when I discov that there' someth call ""vegan smoke salmon"""
"hillari clinton, donald trump to speak in northeast ohio thi week, while trump campaign open 15 o...  polit"
alway followthemoney to dig out the truth about hillari clinton! she liter sell out america.. 
"clinton trash obamacare, trump objectifi women: darci cartoon  polit"
thoughtsbeforebedmak america great again!realdonaldtrump 
topnew seattl add 'streateries' to america' grow pavement cultur 
foke hillari clinton' campaign want to elev donald trump and other 'extreme' republican  foke
drink thi glass of wine. otherthingstodoin6second
the same about liberals: if they are pro 1A shouldn't they stop attack peopl who disagre with them? 
fast time at buy low sell high richmovi midnight
democrat will be democrat
2017survivaltip you don’t have to be perfect to be love
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump look how scari our countri will look in jan 2017 when trump is president. makeamericagreatagain 💐🌼🌷
north korea say it ha restart all nuclear plant to make more bomb
"bpolit she said she' a robot, can a robot becom our president?"
islamkil can we trust the govern that can't protect it' people?
iamwalt sometim I also feel scari to to walk down the street
break : loretta lynch is be su over “secret plane meeting” with bill clinton  
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel zaventem c'est là où je prend l'avion tou le an
fact check: trump worri about a 'rigged' elect  polit
thingstoknowabouttwitt you can becom the 46th presid of the US by... 1) obsess tweet at 3 am. 2) eng… 
igetdepressedwhen I don't know how to spell someth enough that googl can tell me how to spell aufwiedersehen edwardian adwar
trump said he ha invit box promot don king to speak at the convention!
dat a gun! 
mybedroomin3word someon stole it 
clinton' lead over trump grow in new nation poll  |  
bark the polic midnight dogsong
myemmynominationwouldb longest masturb session ever
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics' milwauke 
senangusk give us some straight answer about phosphoru leakag from the simplot plant!
wall workbuildthewal 
"franziskript sind sie der  meinung, dass wenn die jugendlichen nicht minderjährig wären, würden sie die cdu wählen?  jugendmitmerkel"
senat susan collin on whi she can’t support trump  polit
In 2nite gopdeb cruz should hammer home the messag that he will win in nov. ppl like trump caus they mistakenli think he can win.
come bar b q with me   maketvshowsaustralian
trump condemn clinton' 'deplorables' label on hi backer 
"clinton gave $100k to new york time group in same year paper endors her...""hillari clinton for president""… "
texa meteorologist remov from staff page after racial charg facebook post regard dnc 
make supplies! 
what we`ll know the next? hillaryfaild
I don`t even care what car is that 😂😂 
you pay your due love
igetalittleweirdabout be hugged. just back the fuck up with your germ and tears.
macgyvah (in an australian accent....get it?)  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
summeramovi  ripen gilbert grape midnight
"be reproach for give to an unworthi person, aristotl said, 'I did not give it to the man, but to humanity.'"
makemusicreligi  she blind me with scientolog
openmarketingtv god bless you!
I love you like a fat kid love cake.
"In latest hedge, trump say immigr law can be soften "
trump spokeswoman: afghanistan wa 'obama' war'  polit
russian ambassador ha been kill in turkey
blue' true crime clue problematickidsshow 
"ben stein: ""nobodi in the trump campaign ha ever said a racist word and yet they keep call him a racist... he's… "
 To fill 100 water balloon In 1 minute!
"If you want to feel unsaf in your own country, then you, of course, can vote for lib gopdebatesc"
An oklahoma teacher preach thi idioci at school. thi hatemong should be fire and publicli shamed!… 
rage bullworth addamovieruinamovi
anti-trump vs. pro-trump crowds. should be easi for indi voters. 
"prayers4california more thorough check for gun buyer – probably, ban gun – definit not!"
thi is what I believ in! thi is the exact truth that liber media tri to deny. alllivesmatt 
fakedncfact democrat parti is antiwar. 
ryan ignor trump entir as He make the case against clinton  polit
small deed done are better than great deed planned. -peter marshal ihq
peopl die all the time from cabin intrus when drive atv 
"start with elect day, make nation polit less important: kevin o'brien  polit"
former intel briefer: 'wildli unlikely' trump correct  polit
thingspeopleontwitterlik not be limit to 140 charact in a DM
2017survivaltip stay drunk
good sundaymorn 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari clinton foundat tax return
RT &amp; like if you also want these nine deplor to becom the dream team for our next administration!… 
happybirthdayangeladavi 
you'll be eaten in a zombie-fre zone as well as you'll be shot in a gun-fre zone. teapartynew teaparti 2a 
jenn_abram bad news for puertorican
trumpbecaus onli realdonaldtrump can build thi countri back again. pray 👰🏿👰🏿👩‍👩‍👦‍👦
idrunforpresidentif I could stay in my pajama liter forev
I would break your heart  love
tenuou situat israel' syrian border! retweet  (14:14) theunitedwest tcot makedclisten
"monsters, inc. makeamoviehillari"
thank you god for mississipi perfectstatein5word
obama: american will reject trump’ ‘wacky’ idea 
reasoniamnotpresid i’m too smart for thi s**t
🚨bill clinton rapist sign appear at st. louis’ washington univers campu just hour befor debate‼️… 
"just admit it, loverboy. you can't resist me."
"obama, netanyahu mourn death of israel' shimon pere  news"
"trump campaign ceo didn't want daughter 'go to school with jews,' ex-wif say "
islamkil can peopl just accept it? I mean that author have zero control especiali over islamist? stopislam
sanit worker who post trump sign on truck face reprimand 
"No doubt, how I met your mother addabandtoatvshow"
stop tri to pleas everyon whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
obama can easili promis to the middleeast leader everyth cuz he care about oil not peac gulfstatestalk
fight about talk club pretti much constantly.  thingspeopleontwitterlik 
oscarformuhammad the prophet wa harm by hi peopl He wipe the blood from hi face and said forgiv my peopl
iknewweweredoom as soon as the first one of us start a family. 
"trump supporter​: ""i'm almost 60 year old. thi is the first vote i'v done... noth wa ever import except t… "
the media won't post thi pictur becaus it doesn't fit their nar of trump be a ‘xenophobe.’ 
"until I learn to love myself, I wa never ever lovin' anybodi els"
break hillaryclinton suppli weapon from benghazi to al-qaeda in syria 
good morn deray 
brussel gop want to expel syrianrefugees. they are do it right! islamkil
"clinton foundat ha tie with isis, that alon should be enough to end them onc and for all iranransomscand "
rand paul : have lindsey graham in 2016 gop field 'probabl good for rand paul 2016elect
It take a lot of courag for a bisexu formerli liber woman from cali to come out as a trump supporter. keep sp… 
"with khizr and ghazala khan, donald trump went too far, some expert say  polit"
"rulesforeverydayliv give extravagantly, take no more than you need and enjoy yourself."
presidenti candid should pay more attent to what common peopl need  stopthegop
mittelstand und industri sind ein garant für unseren wohlstand merkelmussbleiben
"obama block new oil, ga drill in arctic ocean  "
gameoverro they also help him escap to south america. i'm just answer your question. person I think he should'v been hang
janostim what' wrong with vote for trump?
sen. pat robert congratul president-elect trump  
sarfeld mit ihrer flüchtlingspolitik
"what are you protesting? We had vote, trump won.. that' call democracy!trumpprotest"
merri christmas!thi is how a christma tree should look like 😎 gunsforchristma 2A nra 
donald trump pledg to 'reject bigotri and hatred' 
 I love the guy
what the???? 
damn kany is so woke right now. but it would be great if he could properli speak english 
secur doesn't hinder freedom it enhanc it norefugeeswelcom islamkil stopislam
betteralternativetodeb competit eat 
you think muslim hate onli christians.. nope.. they hate buddhist as well! 
"until, nancypelosi is investigated, no other congressmen, or anyon in the trump admin, should ever resign, or be inve…"
hard 2 believ stomach christian 4 trump!  tcot ctot ccot orpuw pjnet lnyhbt waar upp rednationris  
ronald mcdonald: market geniu or clown?   rejecteddebatetop
reasonstoprotest I miss good ole 90i
mr fake new
doubl standard 
poll highlight import elect issu for variou race 

idontneedacostumebecaus I am the costum 
obama call on wealthier nation to do more for refuge 
"клинтон: «каким нужно быть гением, чтобы потерять миллиард всего за один год» "
realdonaldtrump our babi wa watch the TV dure your speech. trumpbabi  trumpforpresid
reasonsiaintinarelationship i'm picki AF
protest at second day of rnc in ohio 
my4wordnewyearsresolution? overkil  hamilton pathet bullshit!
thingsnottaughtatschool how to act in a relationship
bc2dc16 goaliemom3533 jillholshous pjnet makethecal laffingmom retweeetm retweeetpleas retweeetthi  
trump say grope alleg are part of a global conspiraci to help clinton 
poverti is the parent of revolut and crime. – aristotl (384 BC  – 322 bc)
U wanna come right now???? 😂😂 
dub mustbeban
"resist much, obey littl"
trump is happi to Be compar to pepe the frog nevertrump 
your food ready! 3wordsbetterthanilovey
love is all around
thingspeopleontwitterlik squirrel with lightsab 
"By doubt we are led to question, by question we arriv at the truth.  – peter abelard"
"gop congressman say rnc wa hacked, rnc refut him  polit"
andthenishouldhavesaid donald trump suck rino!
"who said that trump cancel rallies??trump ralli in everett wa, great crowds, great energy! trumpwa "
"blind trust? that' when you'r tie up with a mask over your face, right? probabletrumpstweet"
thingsyoucantignor :there are unexplain thing in the world. 
robothiphop grand master flash drive. midnight
"black chant: “don't vote for hillary, she' kill black people!”they are wake up to the democrat plantation!… "
"If you want to know what god think of money, just look at the peopl he gave it to"
"obama visit a baton roug heal from storm, shoot "
medic instruct for demsinphilly! 
".newtgingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" rncincl "
jenn_abram he is cool!
tip: provoc joke shouldn't look like your inappropri fantasi about our president' 10-yr-old son… 
michel obama is upset over realdonaldtrump words.. but she doesn't care about bill clinton rape and assaulting… 
remov the ceil on the girl now she comfort
"huckabee: ""if they can't control their own email mayb they shouldn't be control the state secret of the u.s.… "
breaking: voterfraud by count ten of thousand of inelig mail in hillari vote be report in broward C… 
survivalguidetothanksgiv To avoid riot don't mention you vote for trump! 
schmidt: you know I may not be abraham lincoln but I did wit the emancip of one black guy tonight newgirl iamonfir
honorforthebrav We all must obey the law otherwis we'll be punish
these are fresnel prism glass that hillari wa wearing...design for peopl with brain damage!hillaryshealth 
imvotingbecaus thi is the day we take our countri back! myvote2016 electionday trumppence16  trumpforpresid
"me, my ralph lauren, and I fashionsong midnight"

desper seek teeth redneckamovi midnight
kyballion knowthyself blackhistori blacklivesmatt we start thi   
potuslasttweet.  I hope the coconut butter smell remind you of me .
staywok 
"readabookday recommend by ""crooked"" hillary! "
"""mi job dure my season is to provid cheer, joy, peac and help spread the good news about christ' birth and that's…"
amish men in black look awkward at the beach summeramovi midnight
"ihavearighttoknow whi the answer my friend, is blowin in the wind."
"democrat governor just prais trump for help peopl in louisiana by brine food, donat &amp; lift spirit "
our current govern must be replac by those who realli care about the people' rights. 2A 
the inflow of illeg is increas everi year of lib presidency. it' an insult to our law and a secur threat 
drug addict alway say that drug don`t influenc them or have onli good effect! junkieu
ivanka trump debut in televis ad for her father  polit 
why? 
It look like donald trump Is done talk about birther stuff  |  
"topnew TV audienc sharpli down for second trump-clinton debate, despit tape furor"
that' what our soldier realli think about hillary! 
everi deplor must watch thi video! 
seth rich disappear for almost two hour befor He wa murder 
it' hard to make convers when he' take my breath away
trump put america and it citizen first. hillari clinton put herself first. she will ruin our countri 
i'm so angri becaus peopl DO believ her lie ohhillno wakeupamerica 
debat preview: can trump stay on offens without be offensive?  polit
what wa her crime?
itsriskyto play game 
thingspeopleontwitterlik their own tweet
rapper cat 
hapennyhohum hahahah lol
north carolina polic kill unarm deaf man use sign languag policebrut 
"idrunforpresidentif let' be honest. I fail be a class president, so don't expect much. unless I have dragons, of cours"
rafaelbehr whi do you think all those refuge in europ left their homelands? terrorism. stopislam islamkil
topnew lpga happi to let usga make trump cours decis
iowa. muslim teen refuge beat 97-yr-old wwii vet to death. the blood is on obama' hands. 
what can we do know such horror can happen again?! I don`t know what` go on and that make me panic! phosphorusdisast
"breaking: moment befor the election, trump got endors By 2 biggest name in footbal  "
blm activist are not satisfi with how polic work cuz they are crimin honorforthebrav
merkel durchsetzt deutsch interessen in europa und der welt. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
 classy!
the minister' daughter' in love with the snake love america
"""I will not rest until children of everi color in thi countri are fulli includ in the american dream.""~trump "
pack a whole wardrob of eleg cloth if I head out on a three-hour boat tour. tvlifelessonsilearn
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
"ein neue studi zeigt, wie sich die dschihadistisch jugendszen unter welchen faktoren radikalisiert."
propaganda work and it' hard to resist it. teapartynew teaparti hillari obama elections2015 usa 
"clinton, trump rate race too close to call  polit"
ilove__butihate__ drama / when it involv me
they'll ask us for help when isi come for their heads.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
".senscottbrown: there' two set of rules, one for the clinton &amp; peopl in washington, and one for the regular fo… "
more proof that hillari clinton is healthi &amp; fit to be president.....oops! wrong pics. 
"""peaceful"" blm protest throw firework at police! need more rubber bullet for blacklivesmatt thug "
find your happi place - and go there! rulesforeverydayliv
"pressur trump, clinton releas 2015 tax return "
lastminutegifts2016 prop 
brussel islamkil they want to flee their countri to come bomb our
2017survivaltip take care of your mental health
"you never know a good thing 'til it' gone, you never see a crash 'til it' head on"
"trump congratul gingrich on megyn kelli interview: ‘we don’t play games, newt, right?’  polit"
"""just get over it""neverhillari "
"those who think america elect a bigot, look at thi one more time. non-racist black beat up trump voter. who' th… "
talent is cheaper than tabl salt. what separ the talent individu from the success one is a lot of hard work.
"😡😡school ‘behavior specialist’ assaulted, slam 4-year-old boy "
ificouldntli It won't chang me
cnn wa forc to chang the headlin in wake of hillaryclinton' condit 
A clearli defin goal will instantli transform you from tire and weari to energet and excited. ihq
hillary_esp hillaryclinton Is thi your fight song?
"obama, putin, agre to continu seek deal on syria  news"
republican nation convent underway in cleveland 
let` order pizza and watch starwar all day long! I wish smbd told me...😭
He who refus to embrac a uniqu opportun lose the prize as sure as if he had tri and failed.  – william jame
mad max beyond california californiamovi
"2A say we have the right to bear arms, not to bear artilleri prayers4california"
insultingmovi bitch bitch harangu harangu
alternativeacronyminterpret doj – mean doge 
thi amaz 13 year old girl destroy hillari at trump' ralli in phoenixkid love trump!shar this! 
 meet in room
MT angelacarwile: levin: did obama cri when... rebootliberti  wakeupamerica pjnet
clinton say she can’t recal key detail about email server 
makeamericagreatagain trumppence16 trumpwinsbecaus is friend of the serbian people...  trumpforpresid
hey realdonaldtrump ya mutt...ya gump whoever destroy your star deserv a star...walkofsham 
liber blame media for trump' posit polling. are they serious? trump is win despit media bs! 
that girl wa right! poroshenko is a murderer! someonewhokillschildren
guess who will creat more job for the country?!trump2016 neverhillari 
"surprise! ""iran is stock up on american hostag again"""
My student staywok ✊
west virginia town tri to move past michel obama post 
clinton campaign advis surrog on how to respond to comey’ ‘controversi action’  polit
hallmark money maker valentinesdayin3word
tnmom4god ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
nocybercensorship well i'm entitl to my opinion on shit so said my piec ..
Dr carson is the most constitut conserv kellyfil tcot ccot rednationris pjnet gopdeb
ihavearighttoknow if i'm that baby' daddi but not on mauri show
hillaryforprison2016 realdonaldtrump  trumpforpresid
"democrat nation convent is in the books, now come a brutal campaign: ohio polit roundup: with the dem...  cleveland polit"
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart i'm with her! hillaryclinton
Be a diretion and sing along the song thingstodoinawaitingroom
midnight gillmor girl fishtv
have never think 
the war is here! thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency.. 
официальные сми не в состоянии прокомментировать новые подробности расследования фбр 
"trump denounc violent protesters, say drug ‘very, veri big factor’  polit"
makeabookwarm.. oop I thought you said bookworm. 
"donald trump: ""we do expect to win florida...it' go to happen."" "
work on get better at math my4wordnewyearsresolut
can`t wait to meet you ❤
"""the word “politics” come from “poly” mean many, and “tick”, a blood-sucking, diseas spread parasite"" …"
rickspark freeedooooooom I don't have to refut anything. you better googl what fact-check realli is
smell like tail spirt   dogsong  midnight
"thank you selma, north carolina tomorrow at 3pm! trumppence16 trumpforpresid "
lastminutegifts2016 A paper sack to give my mom the facial she' alway wanted.
"My hero! A man who never gave up, despit imposs odd happybirthdaygeorgewashington "
bremmer: clinton-trump debat 'pretti painful'  polit
"hey florida, take note OF thi doozie! maga rednationris draintheswamp  trumpforpresid"
pleas share far and wide thi statement come from our soldier who daili risk their live for us! (via ten_gop) 
gopdeb you know that  muslim refuge present a real problem for the US vegasgopdeb
signsyouareamerican you drive on the right side of the road
itmaycomeasashocktoyoubut the religion of peac ha noth to do with peac 
guns4ni If you think obama is compet enough look around onc again. then take your gun and count down until he leav
"honorforthebrav everi dumbass sjw tri to film cops, but none of them ever film crimin that would be of greater…"
friendli remind for sickhillari in celebr of internationalliteracyday! 
liber will be liber liberallog 
massiv clinton/obama cover-up say sever Sr gen  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot 
If you realli care about someon you will make time for them. it' not hard to pick up a phone and send a text message. (:
"My name is margareth, I live in hamburg 😂 unser nett kanzlerin merkel 😇😍 "
u.s. rememb 9/11; hillari clinton ha health scare (10 thing to know for monday) 
"topvideo trump accus nyt of be ""total dishonest"" "
"thingstobeashamedof the fat bloke stare at me in the mirror everi morning. ye I know i'v let myself go,i don't need you remind me!"
makesexawkwardin5word you eat red meat alot.
269 day sinc hillary' last press conference!!!what is she hiding? 
four peopl taken To hospit after collis On bay bridg  
video of minneapoli cop violent beat a black man goe viral blm 
happi memori day! rememb their sacrific for our freedom inhonorof
"""isi would not exist except for the obama administration' failur &amp; bad decisions."" ~ olivernorthfnc "
obama: trump' doom-and-gloom doesn't match realiti  polit
So we'r screw either way..😑electionfinalthought 
trump offer flynn nation secur advis job  
[via.guns_com.jenncruz] .potus: forward to .vj44 to prove valu of 2a:   wakeupamerica  roc
maga  trumpforpresid 
  demsinphilli stanconfess andthatswhenistartedcri selfieforriego kindafinetwitt harvleen askjoey
nocybercensorship caus it hurt my feelings! 
clinton alford jr. wa ride hi bike on the afternoon when suddenli he wa attack by a gang of men in blue. 
"'black live matter' is a polit construct, a hate destruct ideology. it' never been about black life. "
can't touch disciple. makemusicreligi
billi madison academ decathlon   betteralternativetodeb 
MY brain stopped!!! 
what will you do if there is a dinosaur in the hallway?! 
devil tri to escap clinton' soul caus he think that she' too fuck up for himdemconvent demsinphilli 
the new jersey devil wear prada sexysport midnight pointsm
It seem to be real that obama is gay  itsok2begay
oneletteroffsport marcheri 
cbsnew berniesand hillaryclinton martinomalley 
"justanotherrich yeah, complet rigged. and nobodi is do anyth about it. establish is against peopl"
iran onli need a bomb kerrydosmth
sheriff clarke: 'obama Is like a pyromaniac who set a fire – then watch It burn'memphi 
thi mean war! donald trump just expos most corrupt clinton scandal of all!  
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits."" "
frau merkel ist beliebt in deutschland merkelmussbleiben
where In the world Is mom and dad' libido? problematickidsshow midnight
I just publish “democrat against democracy” 
"generosity, freedom, and love will creat the most beauti relationship: an ongo romance."
peopl are go to regret the legalis when we get unwil junki everywher junkieu
obama administr to shift $81 million to fight zika 
obama/clinton massiv sealteam6 coverup obama  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
"""summeramovi midnight"
hillaryclinton rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see hillary' medic records! 
and that' the thing about peopl who mean everyth they say. they think everyon els doe too
the 2016 usa 
biden for presid 2016 dumbgeniewish
"trump: ""hillari would rather provid a job to a refuge than to give that job to unemploy african american youth."" "
Do not forget to be thank for those who are work everyday to keep you and your famili safe lawenforcementappreciationday
tell me 
dick buttkiss   midnight sexysport
rejecteddebatetop how to turn your foundat into money launder machin
gop leader oppos help 9/11 first respond they prais on anniversari | the auditor
brussel islamkil prayforbamako prayforbrussel
dirti danc with wolv addamovieruinamovi
butch cassidi and the sunburnt skin summeramovi midnight
what doesn't kill me make me squirrel  rodentiaamovieorsong
... 
"hillari clinton even can't lie without help. morally, mental and physic unfit into offic hillaryearpiec "
"reasonsiaintinarelationship I bang people' chic more oftenly, I don't want the same to be done to me"
"damn, you look ill, are you ok? makemehateyouinonephras"
 thank god it wasn`t me!
ifhillarybecomespresid isi will becom an offici state
"obama start racism, a trump campaign chair claim "
best of moto show! 
merkel könnte g20 in hamburg auf G 17 reduzieren
water theft on the rise in drought ridden cali earthsci urbanplan pjnet ccot tcot 
"rudi giuliani: ""i'm so proud of my country. i'm so proud of how our countri react to septemb 11.""neverforget "
netanyahu to meet clinton and trump dure u.s. visit: sourc  news
islamkil whi can't the refuge go home and we protect them there with no fli zone and our troop
whoismuhammad i’d give an oscarformuhammad as He is direct me when i’m lost
liber societi is spoil with idea that you can claim for whatev you want when it goe oppos moral teaparti 
how much time is need to understand that our guncontrol must be less strict gardencityshoot
thi pretti much sum it up 
"cancelplansin5word  'I need my beef, now.'  ""probabl the onli way i'd drop anyth I had planned."""
how it' done: you need a war to win election2016. 
gop strategists: clinton is in good shape with 3 week left 
thingsnottaughtatschool how to chang elector system in the US
rip our thought are with san bernadino  prayers4california
khalid_kek macht deutschland genug für die jugend?  jugendmitmerkel
"baio, trump supporter, to speak at gop convent  |  "
mayb today... electionday electionnight 
doonesbury: trump wa wors than mecham  | 
the water in pocatello is full of phosphoru when govt not even tryin to protect u!! shame on it! phosphorusdisast
midnight onewordoffmoviequot that is soooooo abercrombi and fitch!
gop-l NC panel find earli vote compromis amid protest 
"flashbackfriday:hillari explain how she care handl ""c"" email as sos!pleas spread to expos her lies! "
"the polit system is ""rig against you, the american people."" - - realdonaldtrump trump2016 "
fbi warn clinton campaign of hack attempt  polit
ishouldgetamedalfor be ugli
dick too small for human pussi  reasonsiaintinarelationship
trump advis kri kobach advoc muslim registri  
think they have ani of those gibco crispr cas9 kit here for us to work on non-smelli butt bacteria do you? unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
stopislam refuge are danger islamkil
I don't expect the media to creat posit black men imag so I do it on my own. 
demndeb corrupt is a veri seriou usa problem. pleas make a comment on it demdeb 
trump ralli are more like rock concerts!hillari ralli is take place tomorrow in a school' cafeteria.. 
that D rose block (csn/nba leagu pass) 
A man is not finish when he is defeated. He is finish when he quits.
johnievaug_han oaklandtim lmao
mani peopl in our countri live in wors condit than obama want to offer to refuge islamkil brussel
derayformayor black live matter!!! 
trump under fire after send nasti tweet about ‘disgusting’ ex-miss univers  
those peopl that act like they'r from the ghetto when they'r realli from like beverli hill mustbeban .
"you must never compar yourself to anyone, except the previou you. :)"
said no muslim ever 
kain unable: clinton run mate skip veto overrid vote of 9/11 victim billjasta  
thingsnottaughtatschool how to check privileg
mynewcatchphrasei check em'.
"thi is how poll are rigged, thi is how elect will be rig if we won't do anyth about it "
1_hoof_heart patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
thunderstorm strike philli as berni complet surrend to the hillari establish 
"He lies, she cries. he' not sorri but he apologizes. she complains, he doesn't change. but yet, she still stays."
addsethimproveanyth  harri potter and the sethli hallow
i'm just starving. somebodi pleas bring me food…foood!!!
'I hope' My foundat hasn't broken the law: trump  polit
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
pleas keep up your fantast work.w support you!bluelivesmatt 
scoobi doolittl athleticstvshow
cowgilmor girl  athleticstvshow
"obama tell dnc crowd ‘don’t boo, vote’  polit"
don't have time to feel better? don't worry. 7 minut will be enough:
2016 terror attacks:muslim: 1274 attack (11774 killed/14303 injured)christian: 1 plot (0 killed/wounded)… 
"they made a comic on this, and it is awesom "
"civis_sila lost94133 lyz_estrada ricky_vaughn99, ccot"
jenn_abram historyinpix what a pleasant conversation😄😄😄
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office."" "
wow!msnbc' liber king chri matthew endors trump! 
toavoidworki show peopel my tit
"newt gingrich - ""everi muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported"" "
donaldtrump pledg to 'reject bigotri and hatred' 
onli 1 percent Of black voter support donald trump 
danaperino what IS happen with muslim refuge IN europe? read what' go ON wake UP usa stopislam islamkil
tim kaine: hillari clinton Is the direct opposit of donald trump  polit
A mayor call her oppon the n-word after lose the elect 
joohannssen da war seeeeehr nett 😂😍
"today is your day, your mountain is waiting, so get on your way."
japan PM say tpp meaningless without US as trump nix pact  
"will you? 😅😅😅a for me, it is certainli not! "
thi is what happen when profit is put befor safety.jpj 
texa is give yuge record break vote for trump!!landslide! 
here is a full list of civil right trump ha taken away in hi first three week as president.

memori aren't about the thing we did. it' about who we did it with.
midnight iron lung man superoldhero
giuliani: 'the democrat parti ha becom an anti-law enforc party' 
"""thi ha becom a nation secur election...which person is go to protect me &amp; my family?"" ~ sebgorka "
An 8hour work-day shorten your life by 8 hours!
clinton believ that peopl die in VA wait line are not a big deal and the whole VA scandal is “overblown”. 
De blasio and trump agre to meet face-to-fac  
want them all! 
"bundesregierung will abschiebungen nach afghanistan aussetzen! na, endlich! "
imtoooldfor this! 
media coverag highlight of gop’ first night  entertain
"thanksobama obama leav u.s.a $9,335,000,000,000 deeper in debt"
hous gop leader vow punish come for democrat over gun sit-in  polit
spider-man: turn off the TV dumberbroadway midnight
I believ britain' best day lie ahead brexit article50 
peopl support hillari clinton and tim kain are traitor of america. demsinphilli 
im_srishabh21 best advic ever 😂😭
breaking: georg soro just expos tri to sabotag donald trump!  
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm it get better. apparently. i'm still wait on that actually. hey 45 year old me, can I get an eta on better?"
gopdeb the voic of the republican parti is up for grabs. it' a contest right now vegasgopdeb
sheriff joe arpaio: 'A nation without border is no nation at all.' 
one more word doesnt matter offendeveryonein4word
master Of puppet 
clinton said plan to stay mum on trump video until debat  polit
"while dem crack on with their mythic global warming, these peopl are solv our countri gopdebatesc"
russia ha deploy an advanc s-300v4 (capabl of shoot down cruis missil on lr) anti-missil system to… 
amb. glassman: whi I urg republican to vote for clinton  polit
"donald trump: ""I also want to give a veri special thank you to our veterans, who have been so incred to me and… "
let see the new jeep trailhawk do this. yeah right. 
guinness!!! 
isiswatchingy Is internet the onli way for our govt to fight isis?
trump vow to ‘strengthen nato’ despit previou critic of the allianc  polit
breaking:  trump lead hillari clinton 52-41 in new hampshire!‼️ 
"phillyonairnow trump knock obama, media"
rulesforeverydayliv put your smart phone asid and look into their eyes...you'l be surpris at what you see. relationshipgo
trump on miss univers weight controversy: ‘I save her job’  polit
"If that doesn’t say ‘suck my dick, nazis’. I don’t know what doe "
break : onli public poll that correctli call brexit predict trump victori  
trump vow to sue all femal accus  news
"leo, get prepared… oscarhasnocolor "
huffington post journalist fire and scare for life after question hillary’ health 
woooohoooopresidenttrump!!!!!!!!
"thoughtsafterdark, 1/18/17:  let' get dirty.  3wordsbetterthaniloveyou. "
stay in thi posit the last 48 min!!!  ishouldgetamedalfor 
line with tinfoil. mybedroomin3word
A man who love peac will die exercis it. tcot christian god  jesuschrist 
Me next morn after a parti 
immigr are ruin our economi not improv it! illegalamigoz
It make sens tcot pjnet buildthatwal 
bathroom stall thingspeopleontwitterlik
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
they love america! We love them!👈trump2016 rncincl 
"foke pier morgan: huma abedin, hillari and bill clinton onli peopl to blame over email scandal  foke"
mexican presid like hurt by ‘ill-advised’ trump meet 
~ ben carson 
humoritarian bad habit
shirtless hippies. thingsthatshouldbecensor 
"luke cage star a black superhero in harlem – and some say the show is ""too black."""
all that lie is exhausting. hillaryforprison stagger to finish line on electionday  vote2016 decision2016  https… trumpforpresid
myemmynominationwouldb make you think i'm busi 
trumpbecaus trump ha solut makeamericagreatagain 😋
just a spoon full of sugar help the ligament go down
meet peac muslim show the vers in quran which say how infidel must be slaughtered! 
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
thanksobama for 0 day of peac dure your presidency. 
"high school is onli 4 years, don't worri so much about what peopl think, and so mani better thing are ahead. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
hoov line Is It anyway cowtv midnight
amen! 
ikeepwonderingif KY jelli is actual made in kentucky.
"donald trump explain hi 2nd amend comments, blame media "
I support gop gopdebatesc
czech coalit keep major in senat elect but leader' parti suffer  world news
V for viagra midnight superoldhero
thi is one my favorit moment from thi elect so farwhich one is your favorite? 
"MT lstevensonshow: pray everywhere, often, openli and always!  supportcoachkennedi pjnet"
"anti-trump protest block ambulance!""i had a patient die becaus our ambul wa stop by the protesters""… "
really? obama hope we can accept ani of these terrorist pretend to be ‘refugees’ islamkil brussel
"quick to hold a grudge, trump dig hole deeper for himself "
"As an attorney, I can tell you that your  reasonstogetdivorc are alway veri valid.  and yes, I accept debit cards.  ⚖⚖⚖⚖⚖⚖⚖⚖"
today is the 241st birthday of the unit state marin corps! might and honor! 
racism and transphobia are not gener problem 
"peopl eating, floss their teeth, or even shave while they drive mustbeban"
obama would veto bill allow 9/11 famili to sue saudi ar...  |  
what' funni thing is they don't mention thi man self-identifi as muslim. imagin the headlin if he wa christ… 
guten morgen ihr lieben! ich wünsche euch einen wunderbaren freitag! 
"faketrumpintelligencebrief no, the trump hous is not a better name for the white hous "
wall work!maga 
spoiler alert 
did the russian ambassador tri to recruit dick durbin &amp; chri murphi &amp; john mccain to becom russian spies? 
thi is get serious. thi call for seriou action!
will smith slam donald trump in dubai  polit |  
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann "
former presid georg W. bush say ‘split up’ media make it hard to unifi america 
"four terrorist arrest in franc today, includ 16yo girl"
trump is run out of way to win 
I support thi guy!prisonplanet libtard 
"mother who shield her son dure dalla shoot thank polic ""heroes"" "
shoot of unarm paulon prove to be a violat of polici by policebtp 
allen west must be made into a film RT  RT seal6shootdown ccot tcot stopsharia 
shalabh kumar: elect hillari will mean ‘the end of thi american civilization’! 
islamkil c'mon... don't you know not all refuge are terrorists? just like everi hunter is an activ shooter mass murderer.
nyc polic grab man as he climb trump tower use suction cup 
congrat baltimore! derayformayor
🚨voter fraud: california man find dozen of ballot stack outsid home all with same address.fakevotingfact 
stonedcomicbook  midnight  kraven' last blunt
"the onli person stand in your way, is you! iamonfir"
ccot obama' friend ayers: kill 25 million american to establish marxism  independ polit democrat
who even vote for obama?!  slaveryofspeech
current govern look like a depress teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
the sex-fil maketvsexi
If it is so whi there are mass media around her?sh took someone' chanc to earn money that she doesnt need 
norleansdaili poor guy. ruin hi life alreadi
debbi wasserman schultz to step down as dnc chair after convent  polit
"when ha hillaryclinton care about america? right, dure vote season. wakeup imnotwithh hillaryforgtmo"
tim kain dad joke take twitter by storm 
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart  where can I find the kambucha and chia seeds?
TJ hook fishtv midnight
"If liber are so pro-choice, then whi don't they let us conserv choos who we want as president? trump2k16 trumpforpresid"
trump' america: A great time to start follow kkk idea
"despit all the differ between gop and dem both crowd scream ""lock her up!""demsinphilli "
obama' gun free zone caus more problem than its' absence.teapartynew usa polit america gunfre 2A 
tj_tweet sehr geehrter herr jarzombek würden sie für merkel stimmen geben? merkelmussbleiben
former navi seal tej gill: 'hillari clinton kill my friends!'benghazi 
obama in lao for first US presidenti visit  news
where is democraci riggedelect  trumpforpresid
everyth must be made as simpl as possible. but not simpler.  – albert einstein
"trump had $916 million loss in ’95, cut taxes, nyt say  polit"
fact: there are more nra member than peopl with obamacar 
myemmynominationwouldb for thi collect of ridicul f*cked up comedi that start my monday of laugh
merkel wählen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
dogsong babi got bark midnight
thing I hate: 1. wake up earli 2. 1
"I think I like you. listen, when I look at you my brain goe all stupid."
hillaryaccomplish land under sniper fire 
voters’ view of a donald trump presidency: big risk an...  news |  
rnc deleg tell of 'chaos' on convent floor monday (video): monday wa wendi day' first day as a republic...  cleveland polit
"""no nation"" ""no borders"""
justic depart advis fbi against clinton email letter 
never forget!tcot pjnet 
somedayidliketose a world where it' safe to lick a doughnut and not be shun 
explain how your boss is intellectu inferior to you howtoloseyourjob
bmw motorcycl collid with bmw 335i in clinton twp. 
"topvideo after staff shake up, trump hold roundtabl with new aid "
here come the nun makemusicreligi
hillari just caught in web OF lie after fbi made huge reveal about trump and russia…  
2016electionin3word both equal terribl
come and see .. mybedroomin3word
meet the hispan vet who clean off trump’ walk of fame star 
"abdelalimdr right, and these butcher are not muslim"
thi guy ha an import msg for hillary! pleas RT to help him spread hi word! 
she` cute 
she blind me with weird scienc  addasongruinamovi midnight
russia is go to speed up rearmament of airborn troop due to tens intern situat 
break videorig the elect - video ii:  mass voter fraud draintheswamppodestaemails10 via youtub
"tragedi of sanbernardino is the outcom of establish gun-fre zones, but you just can't explain it to lefti prayers4california"
"rzchefredakteur sind sie der  meinung, dass wenn die jugendlichen nicht minderjährig wären, würden sie die cdu wählen?  jugendmitmerkel"
bill clinton avoid controversi after health-car riff 
the feel when u wanna have the amount of follow as the amount of tweet you have
ivanka trump' apparel compani doesn't offer paid maternity...  |  
topvideo new york to pay nearli $6-million to famili of eric garner 
"""fifti shade of sunburn"
imagin media' reaction if trump wa caught use a child actor.. 
hillari clinton is a puppet for saudi  masters!followthemoney 
"clinton, trump meet world leader for veri differ reason  polit"
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
jenn_abram hilarious!
"thank you for come into my world, i hope someday it could be our world."
outrageous. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian 
zipper   peni =   worstpaineverin3word 
addsethimproveanyth sethin' on the dock of the bay
I hope your kid drown becaus of how your state vote 
big daddy' money richmovi midnight
"„deutschland muss sein militärischen fähigkeiten stärken“, so bundespräsid steinmeier."
cat talk bout love 
never be afraid to stand up for yourself.
switzerland: 1 in 2 citizen ha gun - lowest crime rate in the world!2a tcot maga 
wakeupamerica state depart tri to bribe fbi to cover hillary' ass. obama is go to start wwiii to get her… 
"amen!"""
Of cours punk!! 
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online! 
ihatepokemongobecaus I live through the bad voic over rais my eldest and am have flashbacks.
reasonstoprotest too mani douch
"defeat racism, intoler and all form of discrimin will liber us all. baltimorevsrac"
touch of greyhound   dogsong
".govmikehuckabee: can you name me one muslim countri that welcom christian to build &amp; protect churches? no, you… "
"japan rememb hiroshima, urg world to follow obama and visit  world news"
"b_richardn ""supramacist"", lol"
take a look: muslim behead priest for jihadand no liber is offend franceattack
trump adjust call for clinton bodyguard to lose their gun 
obama nomic  seen By the five epic failur hillari rotten clinton  Is A 3rd term vote 4 real chang trumppence16  E… trumpforpresid
brussel  trump wa right again now blame islamophobia or a cartoon or some other stupid bull-shit liber islamistheproblem
80 million unexplod bombs: obama pledg US help for lao 
alec baldwin slay with hilari donald trump impress On 'snl'  
cancelplansin5word My cat doesn't like you.
obama use 'n-word' talk about racism. 
RT if you agre with it 
dishonesti and incompet in one smug littl face. thingstobeashamedof 
"part of me suspect that i'm a loser, and the other part of me think i'm god almighti"
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
absolut useless work democrat did  
all you need is food dogsong midnight
hillari clinton like a weird aunt or school princip as panel love
die cdu will die vielfalt der erneuerbaren energien nutzen merkelmussbleiben
great! i`d do the same 
Es war sicher die richtig entscheidungeinreis flüchtling im land flüchtlingen ungarn
"anti-nuclear candid head for win in japan local election, blow to tepco  news"
you’r automat unfit to be potu when your money come from the same sourc as terrorists'. 
"ted cruz say he' not vote for hillari clinton, still weigh options: ted cruz say he won't vote for hilla...  cleveland polit"
donaldtrump maintain 1 point lead over hillaryclinton 48% to 47% 
hillari ha alreadi made histori becom the first presidenti candid under the fbi investigationtrump2016 
"pathetic: 15 peopl line Up to see tim kain in dubuque, iowa!vot trump! "
🚨watch how rapefuge treat women!hillari want to bring in 550% more muslim refugees..womenwhovotetrump 
 hollywood is so fake
she would be the pictur if perfect had a face  – lil wayn
reasonstogetdivorc she probabl won't pass trump' extrem vet anyway 
the latest: polic chief: No arrest in gop offic attack 
reject islam is not racism!it' patriotism!rt if you agree!tcot banislam maga trump 
you said you or my mustang  reasonstogetdivorc
biden: I want to be a presid after him 😤 thingsbidenthinkingof 
myfarewellwordswouldb thank you! internationalthankyouday
 ill tri it!
"don't feel sad over someon who gave up on you, feel sorri for them becaus they gave up on someon who would have never given up on them."
shamira_1925 lindake18525 pow_vot Is anyth not russian propaganda?
clinton lead trump after dem. convention: reuters/ipso poll  polit
never forget trayvon martin wearhoodiefortrayvon wearealltrayvon
myemmynominationwouldb best at take money
darthdonald66 pffff
extremegop ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
"I did not attend hi funeral, but I sent a nice letter say I approv of it. - mark twain iamonfir"
cuomo pledg he'll debat trump white hous on key issu  
icelebratetrumpwith not have clinton there
"If he could come back, we’ll see what it cost him nostalgia"
"never give up on me, and i'll never give up on you."
US media hide massiv obama/clinton coverup  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
obama highlight climat agenda on tini midway  polit
innuendo thingspeopleontwitterlik 
cyanid letter in the white hous is usss` fail! serviceofnosecret
It describ hi support pretti accuratemaga 
"never be afraid to be loud, be afraid to have no voice. never be afraid of what other thought, be afraid of not be true to who you are."
"side by side: how clinton, trump respond to attack  polit"
wanna get food? 3wordsbetterthanilovey
"msnbc reporter: ""i'm sorry, hillary' event thi week in swing state do not feel like a win campaign.""… "
"clinton quip she’d Be youngest, healthiest woman presid  polit"
topvideo voter weigh in on clinton email controversi 
secondhandgift anyth from your grandma
"ihavearighttoknow with all the snif trump wa doing. whi didnt he offer ani of that cocain to lester, so lester wouldnt be so uptight?"
"hillari at 9/11 memorial:buckles, faints, lose shoe...w demand her medic record now!!!clintoncollaps "
"clinton’ spend big on olymp TV ads, trump air none  news"
imvotingbecaus  trumppence16 maga trumptrain neverhillari hillaryforprison2016  imwithy draintheswamp corru… trumpforpresid
No more elector colleg whatiwantforchristmasin4word
trump play the role of presid in louisiana
(ibd) cliven bundi cattl battle: properti right and oregonstandoff   pjnet 999
41k peopl ask congress to stop pay obama while he campaign for hillary. RT if you agre trump2016 
voter condemn south african rule parti to worst elect outcom  news
democrat call for probe of trump check to florida AG 
howtoloseyourjob forget where you put it.
"you know that  when I support the stimulu package, I knew that it would not be popular with the republican parti vegasgopdeb"
"If mexico is so great, then whi are you still here?! "
"iowa I trusted, dont you? pleas caucu for cruz"
We must celebr our black 365 day a year americanhistoryisblack
dog and babi lol 
nokia Is bet On VR make It In hollywood
thingstodoinawaitingroom   wait
"whi wa django chained, in the first place? inquisitivemovi"
"with trump on screen, the taj near it end "
"everi life ha a measur of sorrow, and sometim thi is what awaken us."
marijuana make of usual ppl creepi beard hobos!!! junkieu
reasonstogetdivorc he sent me thi and said it' me
"cleveland-area pastor darrel scott give a sneak peak at hi upcom rnc speech (video): ""i'll be give my th...  cleveland polit"
donald trump stand by tweet about militari sexual assault  |  
wit lie in recogn the resembl among thing which differ and the differ between thing which are alike.
2016electionin3word psychopat circu of terror
broadwayforhillari whi don't you tell us that isi is also for hillary?hillaryrottenclinton 
redneckamovi toothless fairi midnight
"demdeb is pointless cuz nobodi listen what they are talk about, peopl are blind believ demdeb demdebatemiami"
mybedroomin3word  the laundri room 
video: A 6-year-old’ heartfelt request to presid obama goe viral  news
"obama administr okay sale of boe jet to kuwait, qatar "
unlikelymagic8ballansw  onli the gop use magic as a guide. alternativefact trumpli  left uses… 
i'd rather have a sex doll for potu than hillary! 
trump campaign appoint arizona’ jeff dewit as coo  polit
there will be sever consequ for the entir global economy. tcot ccot brusselsattack terror islamkil islamistheproblem
"dank merkel, wir leben jetzt in ein tolerant land!! merkelmussbleiben"
what a beauti american soldierrt to show your respect 
such tragedi can't be forgot  wearealltrayvon  wearhoodiefortrayvon 
"pocatello water is poisoned, who know it? americanfal got a water polution, is it a poison? phosphorusdisast"
"fun fact 421celeb don't care about your well-beingfun fact 398if you live in the usa, you are not oppress "
trump to meet privat with 700 evangel leader in florida thi week  polit
sometimestwittermakesm rant. sorri i'm not sorry.
stopislam I said if from the begin hide insid those refuge are isi fighter islamkil
decad of liber control in detroit 
"i'm tough, ambitious, and I know exactli what I want. If that make me a bitch, okay."
macguirev athleticstvshow
As I watch my dad' funer I saw hi bodi in hi coffin and want so desper for him 2 come back to life andthatswhenistartedcri
anti-trump campaign hit london' street in red bu  news
clinton to visit ground zero on 9/11 anniversari  polit |  
clinton chariti ignor law requir id of foreign donorsclintonfound 
"topvideo clinton on trump ""I don't know where the bottom is"" "
jenn_abram natlparkservic where would I park my car then?
"jeffreykahuna hillari will forev be known as the ""anarchi queen"""
trump to talk tax as economist question cost  polit
secondhandgift food
topvideo clinton: you could not have 'two more differ visions' for the countri 
hoffentlich hilft es! De maizière: notfal fußfesseln für potenziel gewalttät 
the new adventur of old south wale maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"rejectedhillaryslogans: ""keep the peopl ignorant""... but wait it wa approved..deb debatenight "
bpolit aren't there too mani refugees?
that unfortun moment when you realiz imtoooldfor that babe 😔 
knkcattl catalishu pigeontoday ccot the e.u. and western nato state join muslim In antichrist allianc  
".ericbolling: ""stand up &amp; show some respect for your countri ... or get the hell out."" "
"We don't know exactli who' our futur president,but obama need a new job surelyassum obamanextjob and have fun! "
trump unveil plan to boost US military! 
trumpbecaus he’ not afraid of tell the truth realdonaldtrump 😉👍🏼
We don't need gun control..w need idiot control!demsinphilli 
"but we, the public, are suppos to be ""rebuild trust""..."
"""mi momma alway said you'v got to put the past behind you befor you can move on."" -forrest gump (1994) quot true"
"realdonaldtrump  ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" ~ newtgingrich"
conserv should vote for the republican nomine by victor davi hanson… 
"My heart hurt for all of the unrel victim everi time. To those who were just live their life, mind their own  prayers4california"
"obama lift econom sanction from ivori coast, cite progress  news"
happybirthdaygeorgewashington It is imposs to reason without arriv at a suprem being. 
redmennac If you have to make loud statement without defend them you might be even more hopeless
itsok2begay independ and gay.now and forever.
"clinton, trump set for last debat as ugli race near finish  news"
bernie' judaism is veri person to him and not someth to display in public demdeb demdebatemiami
one of the mani reason i support realdonaldtrump 2ndamend 
season chang but peopl don't 
71 day until whoopi goldberg move to canada! 
"prayers4california 2A is our right, we will never give it up"
icantbeurfriendbecaus you think rihanna is more talent than beyoncé
massiv line for trumpwa in everett! 
igetdepressedwhen I realis i'm not just over the hill ~ but i'm on the way down.
dnc rule meet agre to a compromis on superdeleg  polit
"blackberri for life, baby! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
"look ma, no eyes. "
join the game! 
"thingspeopleontwitterlik hmm- they like to follow, so you follow back, then unfollow. thi process is veri strang to me"
offroad extreme! see my offroad videos! 
2016electionin3word isn't america great?
imalwaysokwith non verbal commun
muslim cleric: 'western need to accept the fact that islam will domin all land it touches' 
everyon need to hear ittcot pjnet 
what ted cruz see as a yuge victori in iowa is realli insignificant. thi is why....   trump2016 tcot ccot
there are no differ but differ of degre between differ degre of differ and no difference. -william jame
obamalegaci No one get clean out of thi sh*t 
nypd blue ball maketvsexi
I have to play hashtags. cancelplansin5word tagbattleroyal
you have NO idea how fast my heart beat when I ... see you!
forget high school and everyth that came before. It doesn't matter anymore. rulesforeverydayliv
the latest: georg h.w. bush congratul trump  
kurd dont die easili
midnight maketvshowscanadian mad aboot you
hillari proclaim not all jihadist are radical. *face palm* islamkil
better think twice befor vote crookedhillarytrump2016 
jiffi lube calendar featur puppies. lastminutegifts2016
sarcasm thingspeopleontwitterlik
they are adorable! 
politics.polit is everywher 
absolut dumpster fire 2016electionin3word
"sometimesitsokto read books, you know?"
ihatepokemongobecaus trump can deport them all
"inhonorof all gave some, some gave all. thank you for peace! "
"trump’ co-author on ‘the art of the deal’ donat $55,000 royalti check to chariti  polit"
obama issu 214 commut for drug offend  polit |  
2016in4word hope to succeed; fail 
brussel refuge have brought noth good to europ whi obama think it will be differ in the US islamkil
point mention in the letter are noth compar to hillary' war crimes!esteemedelector
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm calm the fuck down
discoveringabot kerry' look quit worn out. smth' gonna happen sochitalk
without freedom of speech there’ no liberti nocybercensorship 
“fuck patriarchy”*arrest by woman*ironi 
it' elect day! trump2k16 trumpforpresid
We need to bring our countri back from the edg of extinction!!! realdonaldtrump wakeupamerica 
martineverrest humoritarian it look tasty!
I know what you did summeramovi midnight
"I don't care, go on and tear me apart usa imho"
myfirstkissin4word He ran rli fast! 
mullet mike redneckamovi midnight
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A well fargo teller
clinton hit trump on porn cameo after He tweet of ’sex tape’  polit
knkcattl fingersfli ccot free interact tutori 4 journalist activist research 2 unlock gov data. 
leak video: muslim teacher In UK caught tell kid to kill gay &amp; infidels!!! 
trump tap dewit for nation campaign  |  
blacklivesmatt concert 
just found what protest at womensmarch were fight for. screenshot were taken from a secret group on fb. way… 
meet trump' latest polit enemy: fire marshal  polit
doe our great veteran are deplor too? hillary? 
"womensmarch isn't about women' rights, but liber "
protest outsid a trump ralli in austin  |  
you can't just keep play with someone' feel becaus you are unsur about your own.
« you must live for anoth if you wish to live for yourself. » seneca
We are pay $84b a year for illeg while inner citi continu to deteriorate!rt to spread awareness! 
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel 
honorforthebrav My prayer go to all the hero who gave their live do their job! bluelivesmatt …
"""islamkil votetrump2016 makeamericagreatagain"
doe u.s. elect pose a brexit-lik market shock?  polit
"stick and stones, they never break me and i'm the type that don't give a fuck."
poll: will clinton or trump win 1st presidenti debat monday?
I want chao to be over! We need gop presid to stop it! gopdebatesc
the latest: trump walk out on interview in OH 
hillari clinton delet more email than she sent to the state departmenthillarysemail 
will donald trump’ inaugur have a texa twist?  
I just want a presid who love america!happi internationalkissingday 
I had second on pea
"liber like particip trophi so much, so hillari should be glad trumpwin "
former fbi asst. director: final bomb about to drop on hillari in next 10 days! gohillari 
 cool!
realdonaldtrump open border is the reason of mass murder 
"washdconlin thi is a crime against god! not the parents, but school administr"
america' hat' got talent maketvshowscanadian
andthenishouldhavesaid icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r not real
topnew state file legal challeng to obama administr overtim pay rule
trump campaign say debat two must Be better  polit
"david duke may ""like"" trump but that doesn't mean trump like him.did the liber forget about clinton love story? "
jame johnson drop the hammer! toronto raptor 
funder keepamergr8 1. whi is it bad to own busi in russia? 2. can't see 'donald J. trump' in ani field. you'r blown the fuck out.
"rulesforeverydayliv don't worry, be happy. ☆☆☆"
some guy right in hillary' face: hillari for prisonhillary: let' make IT happeni almost feel sorri for her 
clinton set to visit michigan next wednesday  polit
islamkil So islam isnt the problem? wake the fuck up norefugeeswelcom brussel
Is hillari clinton go to kill working class?  
"obamalegaci ""me, me, me!"" presid for the ""me, me, me!"" gener "
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carsonvoterfraud "
thanksobama for all talk and no action
realdonaldtrump We are proud of you!
"obama: ""gun make us less safe"""
"obama, bill clinton join world leader at peres' funer in israel "
"obama, the first virtual realiti presid  polit"
video : parent of young trump support who die in a motorcycl accid speak at trump rally… 
"censorship: cnn blur the shirt of hero who save a babi from b/c it said ""trump 2016"". (via magaohio2016) "
"cnn предлагает меньше чем за минуту вспомнить, чем закончились девять предыдущих выборов президента.electionday… "
the eurythm - sweet dream  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari kany west
whi don't they care about isis? congresidentlett
howtoloseyourjob leav that porn tab open when you head to lunch.
servic dog are the best dogs! 
 what an expression!!
thefirst100daystodolist reduc hate crime
secondhandgift  hangov
"financi face election, post-elect risks: morgan stanley  polit"
the hunt for blue alo summeramovi midnight
"'I prefer donald trump' platform for our community. He can put america back to work, back to church, back to schoo… "
"""we have the greatest peopl in the world, we have to give them the greatest equipment."" ~ trump "
i'm sick of thi «democracy»
"kid take a knee, get call nigger and threaten with lynching.we'v seen thi before. ""antonio brown"" "
"In latest polici rollout, clinton put forward agenda to combat mental ill  polit"
idrunforpresidentif you return my dildo
ihaveadreamthat our next presid won't legitim domest terror
politweec poor baby...
fillmorefr shamira_1925 translation: If you disagre you'r troll-racist-bigot-nazi-homophobe! doesn't work anymor
the seamonke fishtv midnight
where is democraci riggedelect  trumpforpresid
dnc built so mani wall at demsinphillydemocrat are against american peopl that i know for sure 
iamthankfulfor all the wonder peopl i'v met onlin thi year! yagmanx stealthelf11 s_riddl steffachuuu zilli and others!♥
trump enter a black church and a lightn didn’t strike him 
We know exactli what 4 year of hillari clinton will bring: all the failur of the obama presid 
take advantag of kufar system and their spineless leaders. wakeupamerica 
"""pres. trump ha noth to show after hi 1st 40 days."" said the woman who ha noth to show 4 her 30 yr as ele… "
fact-check donald trump' press confer  polit
 favorit part of anaconda
"luckili obama’ ‘apolog years’ are almost over, and that traitor won’t ever speak for the whole nation again. "
fed investig possibl hack of clinton campaign  polit
"If you don't want to be judg as a stereotype, stop be a stereotyp charlotteprotest"
"rustykuntz509 oh, damn, you are right 😩"
"north carolina find 2,214 voter over the age of 110‼️voterfraud  "
peac offic memori day memor offic who have die in the line of duti honorforthebrav
nocybercensorship censor internet is the worst idea ever 🚫
hillari is experinc and ha wisdom of a woman jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama
It is a big deal to be an offic honorforthebrav
howtospotasnowflak a teenag liber who get offend by everyth 
"iran payment wasn't just ransom, it wa money launderingth deal wa set up by hillari when she wa sec of statedeb debatenight"
A mosqu as extremist megaphon even in lead islam institut like Al aqsa in…  Mo tcot sioa muslim
krise in niedersachsen: rot-grün verliert mehrheit im landtaggut signal für die bundestagswahl! spd gruen 
but islam is the religionofpeac and we have a polic brutal epidem here in the US 
almost deadman midnight superoldhero
humoritarian it' time for revolut
"donttellyourfath sorry, daddy, I lost the elect "
islamistheproblem  My thought are with everyon in brussel right now. pleas stay safe. prayforbrussel
john hancock dumberbroadway midnight
cuti for trump!makeamericagreatagain 
darrensharp get nine-year sentenc in sexual assault plea deal 
"trump should stay in race, major of voter poll by abc say  polit"
"old dream never die, they just get file away."
find the differenceliberalterror 
"""ani muslim in the US who believ in sharia should be deported!"" ~ newt gingrich "
"trump campaign doubl spending, not ground game "
"mexican offici look at the hole in the altiplano prison floor through which joaquin ""el chapo"" guzman escap http://t.…"
hillaryclinton WE don't want such A president! 
icantbeurfriendbecaus I don't want to get disappointed.
obama' transgend bathroom right order get day in court: 5 question  polit
she grab me by the sleev and said let' go and get it on. timmcgraw
the phantom of the smashmouth concert  dumberbroadway midnight
"donald trump promis job dure wilmington, ohio rally: 4 takeaway  polit"
I just told nbcwashington i'm vote hillaryforprison2016. cast your vote now! debat nbc4dc  trumpforpresid
charliecalley63 miraclechild are you live on mars? the msm is basic an anti-trump campaign.
V for valu menu budgetmovi
last chanc to stop the queen of darkness!  vote trump!  trumptrain trumppence16 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
whenitimetravel I alway forget to wind my watch
"""under a donald trump administration, all live matter!"" - pastor mark burn "
see I know what ima tell her the same thing that the bankrobb told the teller just throw it in the bag.  – fabol
when peopl call me islamophob I take it as a compliment banislam 
rememb when I swore my love is never end
"topnew obama eas restrict on cuba, includ limit on rum and cigar"
haidsalameh fmrtxa perfect!
"donald trump kick off final day of campaigning,vow to deliv ‘real chang votetrumpp maga realdonaldtrump ht… trumpforpresid"
ilove__butihate__ look cute in my selfi
thingspeopleontwitterlik hastag current happen
"hillari clinton releas new tax return, campaign attack donald trump for fail to make hi public  polit"
happybirthdaygeorgewashington It is better to offer no excus than a bad one. 
readi for christma 😊2a 
whi obama is silent about the terrorists` threat? pplvsisi
the US test the water - to see if they can now humili putin by send kerri to talk to the presid of russia sochitalk
trump’ econom speech disrupt by seri of protest 
what is he doing?? 
obama: african american museum to be 'point of pride' for US 
"trump warn of regulations, tax harm famili farmer "
secondhandgift toilet paper
make my heart happy! 
meangirlsrul you don't need math
demndeb what system would you make to prevent polic violence? demdeb
"local news mccain rip trump over khan remarks, still endors gop candid"
"reallifemagicspel black live matter. justifi riots, violenc and loot"
dumberbroadway  beautiful: the christina aguilera music
"icantbeurfriendbecaus u don't know who soro is, alinski was, or what cloward-piven mean"
"""thi elect will determin whether we remain a free countri or becom a corrupt banana republic."" ~… "
hillari clinton' impuls to 'power through' with pneumonia set off cascad of problem  polit
they'r kill innoc live and stand against kill at the same time. Is that ok? 
"[scratches] ""I wa alreadi fuckin'..."""
"trump say clinton, democrat have 'fail and betrayed' african-american after milwauke riot"
how trump reportedli cut $30m casino tax burden to $5m under christie' watch
"dr. ben carson: ""if we'r will to accept hillari clinton' level of dishonesti in our leader we'r doomed."" "
I love peopl who text back instantly.
don't be surpris to find yourself at the event organ by a shariah law backer womensmarch 
the book that the world call immor are book that show the world it own shame.  – oscar wild
idrunforpresidentif that would mean I can tell anyth I like right in people' face and still be prais
schlongitud it' exactli what you'r doing!
EE join forc with samsung to launch galaxi S6 edg
A smart girl leav befor she is left.
howtoloseyourjob sit at your desk tweet all day and expect to get paid for it.
whyimgangsta ... becaus I don't alway wear sunscreen ...
hillari clinton link donald trump' campaign to the alt-right: what is thi 'fringe' movement?  polit
"toavoidworki say ""I alreadi did that, thi is your turn"""
We alway need to keep in mind that the ideolog of liber is oppos to the truth and at war against the truth. tcot julietteturn
hillaryclinton make a plan to vote: donald trump!
abbalut fabul addabandtoatvshow
gop lobbyist offer $100k reward in slay of dnc staffer 
thingsnottaughtatschool pick up line
stop give drug to dog 
some of hi support lost their human part long ago trump elect 
thingstodoinawaitingroom pray and praise.
"with suprem confidence, determin and disregard for obstacl and other people' criticisms, go after your dreams."
barbar dakota access oil polic caus mass hypothermia use water cannon (2/2) 
the presidenti ambit of crookedhillari must failtrumptrain neverhillary⚡️⚡️⚡️ 
reminder: hillari want to bring in million of refugees! 
"trump supporters, protest confront each other in baltimor  break"
"russian ambassador wa shot in turkey day befor meet between foreign minist of russia,iran,syria &amp; turkey on… "
drink heavily. work for me. survivalguidetothanksgiv
"even with trump, democrat face veri long odd for win hous  polit"
"If you want to complain about oscarssowhit but your vote democrat, you can offici shut your mouth oscarhasnocolo…"
trumpbecaus trump is put american to work. more than we can say for the current president. trumpforpresid
islam ha not made an inch of progress over centuries!👇 
lawn dart man!thingsinventedwhilehigh
ikea. down. disappointment.  mybedroomin3word
gopdeb you know that  We don’t need these refugees-terrorist here vegasgopdeb
overheardatthewishingwel wish poorli and have it come back to bite you in the ass.
haha wait 4 the next friday the 13th! 
watch and rt: black trump support explain whi they are vote for donald trump! 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv if you wash dish and/or clean up, no one will come near you."
mysaturdaynightin4word So hot need help
"please, tell me, which part of thi messag don't you understand, obama? "
"""die gewalttät hätten kein politisch botschaft"" nein, sie waren kriminel und links! link g20 gewalt "
No matter how mani peopl believ your lies. it' still just a lies.  and truth eventu come out.… 
the mothra propheci japanamovi midnight
My smile will last longer than you and her will.
lapd search for trump support harass after allegedli make racial slur in hollywood 
stay aaway from neg ppl
how susan sarandon becam a dnc gif  polit
"""trump is go to be offer real programs, not thing that keep peopl in a state of dependency"" ~ dr. ben carson "
trump is such a welfar case.  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
seehof prüft verfassungsklag gegen ehe für alle. In dieser frage unterstütz ich seehof zu 100%!
demdeb onli the dem hold a debat on a saturday night 5 day befor christma demdebatemiami
I vote for donald trump and mike pence. will you join me? find your poll place:  trumptrain… trumpforpresid
melania trump hope voter will accept her husband’ apolog for hi ‘unaccept and offensive’ c...  polit
get $0.05 for everi download. $5.00 for everi biz.  blackown buyblack blacktwitt 
russian hacker isn't the reason of hillary' losstcot pjnet 
happi new year! despit all odd all of us surviv 2016. Do you have ani idea on how to surviv thi year? give us y…
"how a liber would read this: white supremacist, bigot, paranoidwakeupamerica "
the devil wear primark budgetmovi
"third-parti backer may still chang their mind in 2016 election, poll show  polit"
keep an eye out......i'm about to scoop up these wish and then ball out at the video arcad  overheardatthewishingwel
polic seek suspect In fatal daytim stab In glen burni  
"stopislam if you had 100 grape and knew 2 were deadly, would you still eat some? islamkil"
huski get commit from three-star tight end jacob kizer  sport
whenitimetravel I make sure to get my frequent travel miles.
"warren say trump, gop 'make hate ok' "
clinton/obama mandat muslim approv for seal6 op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
clinton' suburban support boost pennsylvania lead  polit
trump campaign rais $36.2m in juli  polit
loui fuck tomlinson  3wordsbetterthanilovey
you had me at get lost - onewordoffmoviequot
humoritarian histor date!
thi is exactli what' wrong with khan' story. 
"""we owe $20 trillion and we'r a mess... we'r a debtor nation."" donald trumptrump will fix up our country!!!debatenight debat"
"clinton, trump meet with isra PM separ  news "
citizen hurrican summeramovi
"trump in ohio: ""we don't work for other countries. We work for the citizen of the us."" hillarysemail "
clinton campaign halfway to $1 billion fundrais goal 
unter merkel wurd die deutsch und europäisch finanzkris gemeistert. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
thanksobama for support a constantli fail candidate. you show us just how incompet you are. 
.rayksaintang ladygaga   hillari is a hate person w/ a hate message.  votetrump trump2016 trumpforpresid
No way we give our countri to far wors version of obama hillaryshealth hillary4prison pneumonia is contagi 
sometimesitsokto have post-halloween hangov for two day straight 
figur von merkel vereinbart jeden von un und deswegen ist sie un wert! merkelmussbleiben
addsethimproveanyth thi is not seth. 
"peopl kill people. not guns, knife or els gardenc gardencityshoot"
make meme about dead gorilla mustbeban 
He deserv it 
american with conscious. real racist are democrat who want label and divid us all! hillaryclintonsearchterm 
find limo  richmovi midnight
ihatepokemongobecaus it make me look like a creep. 
thingsyoucantignor the invas on the southern unit state border
reminder: we live in the world where kill &amp; tortur of dog is accept by muslim societies!nationaldogday 
"cedar point: man look for lost phone struck, kill by coaster: A cedar point guest die a... …"
"10,000 animaniac  addabandtoatvshow"
"If it wasn't hard, everyon would do it. it' the hard that make it great. -tom hank"
arian foster doesn't care if our countri mournsif black person is offend we all have to know it for some reason 
trump on clinton' bodyguards: take their gun away. she doesn't want guns.. let' see what happensthegophasbecom 
"""the big short short"
fuck refugees. not welcom IN the usa islamkil stopislam
"""femin help men too!""""gend equality!"" "
"cantescapetruth returnofthej yeah, you know, the reason whi obama ha been in the offic for 8 year inspir peopl like freakyp88"
fat guy in a littl cunt onewordoffmoviequot midnight
with trump4presid we maga  with hillari you gaga  trumpforpresid
trumpbecaus trumpforpresiden trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 😝
"realdonaldtrump : ""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."" "
arm for hostess' twinki midnight politicalfood
Oh geeze. life isn't fair hillary. stop tell folk it should be so.  imnotwithh
trump: I regret not choos the right word  polit
weedsillegalbut not in colorado. 
"Do you feel lucky, trump? onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
clinton say she’ go to press trump on hi tax return until elect day  polit
trump retreat from vow to deport all live in US illeg  polit
jenn_abram lol
⚠️run back got skills✊ 
next time someon start talk about starv african kid ask them how mani children these peopl could'v saved… 
breakingpresident-elect trump ha offer lt. genflynn posit of nation secur adviser. 
"hungary, the stronghold of western civil "
hillari is the first candid in american histori to be label a threat by american troops. 
true 
parent of 2 kill in benghazi attack sue hillari clinton 
.dioptas_ blacklivesmatt 
"No one want hillary, even her husband. stay away from the wh! neverhillari trump2016 trumptrain "
threaten from isi rli exist texasjihad
trump creat jobs. hillari clinton open pre-open pickl jar and kill americans. hillaryclintonsearchterm 
bourbon street shoot wa made by refugees! refugeeswelcom 
when are we gonna realize? too mani guns=too much gunviol oregonshoot  gunviolenceoregon
sometim 
"peopl w tourett , at a silent auction mustbeban"
"""peopl like hillary..hav use govern to get rich at the expens of hardwork american taxpayers.""~ huckabee… "
"On ani given day in the unit states, at least 137,000 peopl sit behind bar on simpl drug-possess charges… "
ruinadinnerinonephras can you pay for these french fri so I can build the wall?
"trump: african-american in worst shape ""ever, ever, ever""  news "
barenak  ladi and the tramp maketvshowscanadian midnight
ratchetbal sexysport pointsm midnight
nwa - nanobot wth attitud robothiphop
unusu gop pushback grow against upcom texa execut 
i do not think it meme what you think it memes. onewordoffmoviequot midnight
elect day: 5 thing you need to know  
trump support sen. jeff session reportedli said behavior trump describ in 2005 video is not se...  polit
imvotingbecaus  hillari is a career crimin and I have a conscienc  killaryclinton   hillaryforprison2016  drai… trumpforpresid
"whether after rnc you still think that she is a good candidate, you are a part of the problem "
"haushaltskonsolidierung, energiewend und demografisch entwicklung sind ihr wichtigsten themen merkelmussbleiben"
pleas don't leav me. I love you. –bell (beauti and the beast)
the real reason donald trump' favorit airport are so much better than america'  
hillari is full of jealousi tweet about trump' presidenti and histor meeting..😏trumpsmexicotripsay 
"I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you’ll take me in your arm again"
for the people!makeamericagreatagain 
"trump triumph as gop nominee, complet stun climb "
japan and it' commercials.... XD 
seem dave chappel is do more to unifi the countri than obama &amp; hillary...stopbannon 
donald trump lead hillari clinton by 5 in buckey state  polit
"trump, escal rhetoric, say clinton “ha to go to jail”  news"
2: vertigogranfin -1
trump twitter suspend 2016electionin3word
makeabookwarm love is a verb. 
fat albert
fredhampton laquanmcdonald bpp blacklivesmatt resignrahm  
thi elect cycl is  whatmakesmeanxi 
thi pictur is onli 75 year old... 
YO gabba gabba thingsinventedwhilehigh junkywithamonk 
thi is too much fun. congrat guy 
hey blacklivesmatt whi doesn't hi life matter for you?? freddiegray 
"ilove__butihate__ I love contradictions, but i hate  them too"
"reallifemagicspel 'no offense, but' - grant an instant forgiv for ani nasti shit you'r about to say. some think…"
"stop worri about 'stigmatizing', start worri about journalismtravelban "
trump blame northcarolinagop offic firebomb on 'animals' support hillaryclinton 
unlikelymagic8ballansw ugh! anoth one?
"tofeelbetteri *eat right, exercis and align my chi through yoga and meditation.  *eat mcdonald's, watch sport on TV and nap at work"
I love anyth that haunt me...and never leaves.
"If you hating, you just need somebodi to love!"
thanksobama we'r final evict obama. now donald trump will bring back job for the lazi ass obamacar recipie… 
I might mess around it' onli ‘caus I need some affect
"reallifemagicspel ""can I have your number?"" - increas a possibl to text a random dude next day almost to infinity…"
"дональд трамп заставил поволноваться первоклассников, когда неожиданно пришел к ним в класс "
"sever decad ago, train in shoot wa part of ani education.women' rifleri at UC berkeley, 1940 "
live coverage: gop convent dispatches: crowd stream to ...  |  
"trump to russia: uncover, releas delet clinton email  news"
"""our countri is go to hell, and we'r not go to let it happen."" ~ realdonaldtrump "
highschooltaughtm that one year can be hell
5 thing we'r still talk about after tuesday' session at the rnc  polit
reasonsiaintinarelationship nowaday materi thing domin relationship than love.
"how trump, clinton would fix the 'crazy' u.s. health system  health"
".deneenborelli: ""american are tire of the clintons; tire of what they do, what they say."" "
"watch: ""mi famili did it right, the legal way, wait in line ""secur that border trump!"" trumpenmexico"
"after distanc himself from trump, penc goe back to defend him  polit"
No iron can stab the heart with such forc as a period put just at the right place.
cosplay competit betteralternativetodeb 
my2017resolut make my bad lever a bit lower 
.jaredwyand discuss on the trump' doctor is a veri pathet tri to distract from problem with hillaryshealth 
"snout, snout, let it all out... midnight dogsong"
happi internationalwomensday 
trump in arizona: support critic republ editori endors 
mass shootings:reagan = 11bush sr. = 12clinton = 23bush jr. = 16obama = 164👇resignobamarncincl 
rather democrat of you to call a crimin a hero... hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
not bad video! 
these 2👇 are illegals! they broke the law! but instead of send them home dem invit at demsinphilly..😡😡 
merkel kennt sich schon mit dem system aus! merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"vaccinateu that' all folks, we are under control."
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm neither of you will have anyth left to caretak eachother, so you will have to let each other go."
"ich glaub daran, dass die eurokris bei merkel in guten händen sei. merkelmussbleiben tagebuch "
"man who built nebraska truck firm, back gop ha die  busi"
master of olymp villag sex olympictv
"violent ""protesters"" target an old homeless(?) manbecaus hi damn white privilege, right?becaus slavery, rig… "
sander eye return to campaign trail next month — thi time for clinton  polit
superoldhero cataract woman midnight
hillari clinton propos emerg public health fund: polit extra  polit
thi Is the end Of banquet makeamoviefat
there will never be a more incompet presid than bush! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
big bang tilapia  fishtv
idrunforpresidentif they offer me a decent first gentleman
you want some more polenta?  momin5word
speak fair and think what you like
thingsthatdisturbm peopl who don't like breakfast food. like what are you?!
"thingspeopleontwitterlik ...but not ""like"", like"
did you miss us?
hillaryclinton kathi shelton will be also there!!
idrunforpresidentif by my order the whole cast of brooklyn99 enterntain me in the white hous whenev I want
anyon love the way my butt look in yoga pants? 😅

"""democrat have fail and betray african american communities"" - donald trump@ mstrumprally."
"they kinda say ""f*ck you, famili of benghazi victims!"" hillaryforprison "
the crotchedi hulk superoldhero
maga hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp getitrightamerica trumpforpresid 
Is donald trump even tri to win?  polit
"thai elect in 2017 regardless of referendum vote, say junta chief  news"
thi man got hoops! what a dunk! (the guy in the back with a white t-shirt) bruh sportsworld basketbal 
humoritarian it' weird
thought and prayers4california
idc if I get shit for thi but i'm a woman and i'm vote for trump imnotwithh hillaryforpris trump2k16 trumpforpresid
"poll: enthusiasm among like voters,  donald trump VS hillari clintonvot trump! "
gute nachrichten am morgen: 56 prozent der europä wollen stopp muslimisch zuwanderung
37 time donald trump should have apolog  |  
So much attent to same-sex marriages! I want someon to pay attent to me! itsok2begay
share your idea | hololen - microsoft studio
clint eastwood is one of the last great men. We live among kiss-ass generation. We need to chang it now 
immigration: where do donald trump and hillari clinton stand?  polit
watch demsinphilly👇 
"imalwaysokwith second chanc becaus everyon make misteaks, except me."
somedayidliketose the amaz place where all the lost balloons...reside!
  youtub makeabookwarm music video fridayfeel videooftheday
"can we learn, thi time? Or do we need anoth lesson?  prayers4california"
bill maher slam donald trump for blame charlott protest On drug  
nation anthem be playedlook!now you know how to detect illeg  alien! 
pat smith at rnc: 'I blame hillari clinton person for the death of my son' in benghazi  polit
tofeelbetteri post thi messag
"In der letzen zeiten äußert sich trump sehr auffällig... ich hoffe, dass ihn niemand töten würdeusa  obama IS"
classic hillaryclinton. help her husband to commit a war crime and later lie about it. 
"makemehateyouinonephras good like a gunshot as a headach remedy, ye "
that' one of the reason whi imnotwithh 
"2 deputies, 2 firefight arrest in columbiacounti after be accus of steal from crime scene acab btp htt…"
sign and share! let’ make america great again! maga trumptrain  
"rather than a battleground, georgia could be an emerg ‘...  |  "
weedsillegalbut you can buy cold booz at a ga station
summari of the debatenight so far: 
"peopl who vote for pre obama are now vote for realdonaldtrump. ""our countri is go in the wrong direction. "
"watch: hillari caught lie again about ""c"" emails!!!please, RT to expos her constant lies! nbcnewsforum "
midnight maketvshowscanadian the Eh team.
seem like mercuri is aliv 
"doctor say hillari clinton ha pneumonia, 'recov nicely' after 9/11 event "
put that tape back in your ass. you have a rapist in your team. We have a real man who recogn hi mistak in o… 
rep. louie gohmert: islam preacher anwar al-awlaki kill to cover obama administrati...  
still waiting..tcot pjnet 
now you can insult your presid without be call racist
reflect on the constitution' ninth amend and protect unenumer natur right  pjnet
everybodi want to be in a relationship but nobodi want to give up their singl ways.
islamkil just a thought: what if the attack on pari and the 10000 syrian refuge is just one big trojan hors and america is troy?
15 thing a girl wants... iamonfir
orang skin or orang pantsuit rejecteddebatetop
islam is the religionofpeac and love 
I want to make you laugh becaus you want to.
the social nowork californiamovi midnight
mayb the thing you'r most scare of is exactli what you should do.
clinton rip trump' qualif and declar herself readi to lead  news
mybedroomin3word come here daddy.
tail pipe emissions. mybedroomin3word
all raw dog Go to heaven  dickflick midnight
trump support show for fredericksburg ralli  | 
"demndeb how is hillari go to handl our nation debt, doe she even know about it? demdeb"
2016 rnc guide: what to watch on day 3  via news |  
trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 just vote trumpforpresid 
kansa senat major leader in tough re-elect fight  news
We are come for you polic warn suspect in death of pregnant woman
saudi-arabien verhindert terror-anschlag in mekka. haben sie einfach den attentät angerufen? 😂😂😂
stopislam islamkil thought go out to the peopl of brussels. prayforbrussel
"u.s. say 'word matter' after obama, dutert meet cancel  world news"
gameshowhostpickuplin i'll buy a vajayjay pat
meow paul cat race cattv   (jules_mccloud)
hashtag game  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"thi photo made me feel more festiv and ""christmassy"" than I have thi whole year. "
well debat 
social is so great that thousand of peopl in venezuela go to the street to protest against it 
coralspr for trump 
i'll fire tramp mycampaignslogan
We know exactli whi we are vote for mr. trump! 
"after testi VP debate, trump rebuff claim he 'loves' putin "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you are smart. your bodi is not your onli asset. you are worthi of more. thi is not what you were creat for.
"and also the russian bribe the elector college, right? "
report: US senat democrat leader back iran nuclear deal
burn 
bt got sleep 3wordsbetterthanilovey
break up text  lastminutegifts2016
Do you see the difference?teapartynew theteaparti tcot blm 
american housewif lost in melbourn maketvshowsaustralian
"😐😐bank while black: bank say black woman shouldn't have so much money, freez account "
topnew clinton slam trump for comment on offens against islam state
befor and after street artist lushsux repaint a mural of clinton in melbourn suburb of footscray in australia. 
supremesacrificeday A suprem sacrific usual refer to someon that give up their life for other - jesu christ!
trump plan to bring outreach to black audienc in detroit  polit
"clinton trash obamacare, trump objectifi women: darci cartoon  polit"
thingstobeashamedof think that yo intellig coz of yo good school grade
clinton and obama: first ladi form polit odd coupl 
"hard-working, tax-paying, legal american stand w/ donald trump! "
antonio brown break ankl 😎😎 
It wa realli tender 
"trump: ""mi admin. will immedi pursu the follow 6 measur to clean up the corrupt and special interest… "
i'm with realdonaldtrump. one vote for him mean one more vote to put killari in jail. hillaryforprison2016 drain… trumpforpresid
meghan trainor - meghan trainor - like i'm gonna lose you ft. john  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
that moment you see someth hilari while drive 😂😂😂😂😂 
clinton readi to sell herself in biggest polit moment  news
so...i got invit to an oscar' view party. A part of me want to boycott it. oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor
"clinton and obama are found member of isi by bankrolling, arm and support jihadist in syria &amp; libya. "
donald trump will stop the war on coal industry!trumppence2016 
noth is sexier than a man who can make you laugh. follow comedian He wa on comedi central tonight.
clinton for president: whi we need a landslid | editori 
clinton justic vs guccif justice. that' what the rig system look like! 
texa democrat indict for buy vote with cocain   tcot pjnet ccot wakeupamerica rednationris
mydreampresidenti someon who doesn't break the law and then destroy document that can prove it. which is also a… 
danni trejo: you can be proud of your mexican heritag but in the end you are american! 
👍👍👍donald trump: I don't care if I offend merkel by attack 'insane' migrat polici 
true that.gop will be chang or it will be destroyed.trump2016 
tenuou situat israel' syrian border! retweet  (14:14) theunitedwest tcot makedclisten
pray for florida!maga electionnight 
demsinphilli have built a wall around demconvent they are for wall when it' need for them! 
wikileak walk back assang claim on hack trump tax return  polit
"doogi hoser, m.d. maketvshowscanadian midnight "
maketvshowsaustralian maaaaate. 
tsa: dehuman american
happi 55th birthday to our .potu ! thank for 7 year of ongo lie and hypocrisy! 
‘n****r go home’: blm activist confront by white mob after chicago cop gun down black man… 
where' coverag of clinton rape victim juanita broaddrick?: pjnet american thinker  maga htt… trumpforpresid
those damn direct TV commercials. mustbeban
"russisch baufirma wirbt mit martin schulz. So braucht spd geld für wahlkampf, dass er al model arbeiten muss?😂😂😂"
warren endors ellison for dnc chairman; o’malley bow out of race  
what do my trump support think about thi poll? Do you believ it can be improved? 
plz RT  tennesse  DO your part TO elect AN all new US hous of representives.     pjnet
bad influenc  electionday electionnight trump maga clinton  trumpforpresid
realtimwilliam prayforsandiego
betteralternativetodeb sext with bill clinton 
see how demsinphilli is take people' berniesand signs.. demconvent 
can't wait to get rid of the worst presid we ever have. weak obama that is onli do harm to american 
topvideo kain show support for virginia youth sport club 
trump2k16 ✊ trumpforpresid
24 turbul hour for trump' children  polit |  
podestaemail reveal comey wa bought with a few slot in oversea embassies. We demand an independ prosecuto… 
just voted! go let your voic be heard! votetrump makeamericagreatagain electionday trumpforpresid
I think the most common caus of insomnia is simpl
trump deliv speech to pack hous in altoona 
survivalguidetothanksgiv go to a scifi convent chessiecon
you can insult anyon as long as you'r a lesbian like that gordon ramsey look-a-like.   tvlifelessonsilearn
trump on clinton' guards: 'take their gun away'  polit |  
give greenpeac A chanc  earthdaysong midnight
thi christma tree pay tribut to iowa polic offic kill thi year in the line ...  http…
thi will be your last ralli anywhere! hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
wakeupamerica clinton staffer say he could “grab hi fellow femal campaign worker' ass” and not get fired. wher… 
"larrykim inc all the advic take quit a time to be brought to life, well...i don`t know..."
topvideo clinton take 'wait and see' view on nyc blast 
😎 
I am speechless. whi do I have to suffer the consequ of these peopl poor choices? smh wakeupamerica 
christmasaftermath flat look like after a hurrican
amen! 
berni sander creat an army; now he can’t seem to command it  polit
what did trump say thi time about david duke' support?  polit
"somedayidliketose An affordable, person climat control bubble."
islamkil belgiqu belgium bruxel brussel zaventem on pens à vous...prayforbrussel stopislam
thetroublewithaddict is it' so moreish.
when you get home safe blacklivesmatt 
tvlifelessonsilearn most patern test will show you the opposit of what you want it to be 
"brazil' president, dilma rousseff, wa impeach after endless corruption. here' what hillari think of her. "
looool 😂☺️ 
hillari clinton and tom kain debut ticket in battleground ...  |  
"obama' famili must be a role model for all the american and to tell the truth, it' not"
whereissasha? sasha obama miss the farewelladdress not becaus she didn't want to go. she wa studying! …
well well well...sam peopl befor elect are same one organ the trump protest for soro dnc… 
thingstoknowabouttwitt ppl roast each other up everyday it' noth person just roast back or laugh at the joke
got him. 
oaklandtim 49ers' kaepernick: game against giant wa 'confidence-building'
how is thi not surprising...and our govern is concern with other countri vote procedures? wakeupamerica
"topnew transgend voter may face problem vote in u.s. election, activist say"
you make me feel like a million buck
.mzhemingway: obama is absolut delusion about what hi own legaci is. hi legaci can be sum up in 3 words:… 
forpetessake__ 
i'm convinc all these refuge are terrorist islamkil
dakota_mey hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump 
"'sophomoric,' 'decisive': pollsters, pol react to trump -  clinton debat "
swastika scrawl on new york citi subway  
"unlikelymagic8ballansw ""jesu is the son of god""  iseewhatyoudidther"
gopdeb you know that  lib want to take our freedom and right and give them to the immigr vegasgopdeb
‘black rifl matter’ sign offend visitor to main town and we mustn't be offend by blacklivesmatt sign ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
hisgracearron now you have to think of a new one 😁
nationaljunkfoodday becaus murica 
howtoloseyourjob prais the HR depart of the competitor compani at the sale meet
survivalguidetothanksgiv  famili gonna come over and i'll be like 
mississippi flag chang debate: local celebr join battl To chang state flag
"clinton, trump spar over terror  polit"
- sinc you'r such a smart ass what exactli did black women invent?- melania trump’ speech… 
"there are a lot of our outstand events, wigger blackpressday"
"kremlin: obama' trump critic anti-russian, won't foster better tie  news"
"everi time I hit ""delete"" I feel like hillary. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
everi american ha the right to own gun (except liber who want to take away our freedoms) teapartynew 2a 
"die hot enough to fri an egg on the cement"""
"""the cuban meeseek crisi"
I guess I better do a littl investig of my own in my own turf...mayb u should to!!! tgdn ccot ctot  
"achiev more, stress less... my4wordnewyearsresolut"
evagros22 that' rli funni lol
the latest: polic identifi man who scale trump tower 
"sometimes, you just can't have what you want, but it doesn't mean that you can never have it. everyth take place at the right time."
ted cruz: i'm still back trump 
tail I lose. overheardatthewishingwel
foke whi fbi director comey jump at chanc to reopen hillari clinton email investig  foke
"If grandpa take a hostage, you shoot the hostag"
ksnt new polit analyst discuss day 1 of dnc  news
messenger: divid nation need hillari clinton to have her kennedi moment 
russia' putin say obama administr doe not stick to ani deal  news
everi girl need a guy like chuck bass
addsethimproveanyth I love smoke seth
So much for the dnc new slogantcot 
terrorist onc use refuge program to settl in us. norefugeeswelcom norefuge islamkil 
"takeaways: sanders, michel obama domin convent  news"
watch 'the black panthers: vanguard of the revolution' on pb blackhistorymonth blacklivesmatt learn
crime lord Al capon is found guilti for tax evas in 1931 
then what about health and social ills?? junkieu
freerepublic: whi a top food poison expert wonât ever eat these food  tcot
cleveland on edg as republican arriv for convent  |  
"clinton, trump tie at 41% in north carolina: nyt poll  polit"
17 time republican bash hillari clinton big-tim at rnc 2016  polit
"melania trump ignit gop convent after gloom, turmoil "
"violenc in black commun is a problem nobodi is disput that we'r just say violenc in polic depart is real, and oppress"
phillyonairnow whaaat?!
"sheriff:  ""peopl are so fed up and angry! they want a leader who go to defend america!""trumpafact "
terrorist can bear arms. citizen doe not. great logic prayers4california
don't keep run back to the one person that you need to walk away from. ihq
giuliani make play to becom trump' secretari of state  
"hillari support are the most ignor persons... low ethics, No moral code. just like their queen. "
In sink drunkband midnight
thank new hampshire!!!  NH newhampshir maga  trumpforpresid
"If you don't agre with me, you'r a terroristliberallog "
american patriot is so often mindblowingli fuck idiotic. boost they are ugly-mind 
never ignor a person who love you and care for you.
widow of former colt owner bob irsay die at 65
that tweet with the typo is alway the one thit goe viral. *sen* thingstoknowabouttwitt
thingsnottaughtatschool how to take respons 
writersnyd will somebodi do someth to protect us from phosphoru contamin in the american falls?
We will reviv american dream! mycampaignslogan
My kid are next door makesexawkwardin5word
"mt.dchomos: ""all live mat---"" blacklivesmatt nerdland theroot ... uniteblu libcrib "
your mind is a tool you can choos to use ani way you wish
"watch obama liter saying: ""we are train isis."" "
my2017biggesthop stop smoking. smoke kills. just like everyth else. happi 2017! 
lastminutegifts2016 points...
hillari clinton can onli lie that' whi she didn't want a press confer hillaryclintonsearchterm indicthillari 
miss someon special  mybedroomin3word
demdeb feel the difference? No sane man would ever support that old ladi hillaryclinton trump2016 demdebatemiami
poll find clinton' popular ha reach record low 
“nobodi like hillary!” thi littl girl just made trump smile with video go viral!  
".ericbolling: ""I think global is on it way out and nation will be on it way in."" "
the gunman who kill russian ambassador in turkey wa shot to deathterrorist wa chanting: Do not forget aleppo 
somedayidliketose hillari clinton as potus.
"If you don't like something, chang it. If you can't chang it, chang your attitud"
the enquir editori board endors hillari clinton for presid  local 
you made me realiz my biggest fear by lie and tear us up.
igetdepressedwhen the workout is over...  fit health lift ✅ 
get marri again reasonstogetdivorc
I am awake. electionday 
weirdthingstobuyonlin An air guitar! 
pakistan court grant bail to supermodel held for smuggl cash  news
"3 year befor keithscott, charlott polic shot and kill jonathanferrell, who wa unarmed. the cop walk free… "
trump announc meet with mexican presid  polit
mccain rebuk trump for remark about muslim soldier' famili  |  
Is thi a real kfc commercial? 
uncl schmuck insultingmovi
she can't toler the basement' nois becaus the chain guest are too noisy. reasonstogetdivorc
top bum filmsaboutforgettingyourp
tom cotton: senat who vote for iran deal put their 'polit fate in the hand of allah'
"king_hagop trump, I guess"
you'v got maki japanamovi midnight
clinton-kain labor day flip-flops: darci cartoon  polit
"""I will not rest until children of everi color are fulli includ in the american dream."" ~ trumptrumpindetroit "
We are take our countri back. shove your sorosagenda up your asses! 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we'r tire of incompet leadership &amp; incompet people...&amp; hillaryclinton...i incompetent"" "
watch: thi is what obama' campaign chief call trump 
brussel wa a good decis to make let all those refuhe in? islamkil
donald trump: sexual harass women may have 'a better alternative'  polit
trumpbecaus no bull sh** in what he says! 👰🏿👰🏿👩‍👩‍👦‍👦
"thi would be imposs without your support, florida patriots! We will makeamericagreatagain! 🇺🇸 "
like and share if you'll take thi pro-second amend ticket ani day over hillari clinton! 
somedayidliketose  A woman as president.  ooooooh! So soon!
breaking: kathleen kennedi townsend say georg h.w. bush will vote for hillari clinton 
😢 
thi 13 Yr old girl destroy hillari at trump' ralli in phoenix!show your support for thi amaz girl! maga… 
trumpbecaus I can't believ how you peopl can't stand realdonaldtrump get peopl to wake up. makeamericagreatagain
"watch: trump hold up the lgbt flag at hi ralli in greeley!!he'l protect women, children and lgbt from ""hatefu… "
chrislmckenna hey your alma mater!! 👸v👱 debatenight
texa director of elect run from report when ask about elect fraudlol 
hillaryclinton in leak email: saudiarabia and qatar are fund isi 
"первые результаты голосований выборщиков в штатах индиана, кентуки и вермонтelectionnight election2016 "
gopdeb you know that  A liber ha creat isi and we need conserv to destroy it vegasgopdeb
NO more OF this! banislam islamistheproblem islamiscanc nomulticultur norefuge 
so good made video!! 
googl is get good lmao
thank you to everi veteran and current soldier of the US armi inhonorof 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
icelebratetrumpwith self-piti
thi is hilarious! kid say the darndest things...  с помощью 9gag
mike penc releas 10 year of tax return  news |  
"local, feder law enforc monitor social media for sign of possibl elect day disrupt  polit"
"ain't no man can avoid be born average, but there ain't no man got to be common. -satchel paig iamonfir"
elector from ohio after vote
"anoth traitor burn the american flag outsid dnc, but seem like the karma exist after all... "
gov. scott on trump' tax returns: 'everi candidate' different'  polit
watch a great speech of ronald reagan!donald trump at hi core cherish same american ideals.. ronald reagan cher… 
let american viewer choos the nomine and the winners! thi would be real democracy! gonewiththeoscar
"peopl hate when you'r better then them, if they ain't hate start worri then"
great! I like it! 
prayers4california 
weiner and butthead addcartoonstohistori 
cecil richard knock donald trump at dnc  polit
"hillaryaccomplish Do we even need to remind peopl about benghazi? yes, we do. "
I need a gun to feel safe 2A rooseveltfield gardencityshoot
fight with khan famili test trump’ ‘say anything’ strategi  news
I want one like this!!! 
the weather  betteralternativetodeb 
reallifemagicspel 'I have noth to wear' - empti your wallet and anger your s.o.
poll: ha the presidenti elect cost you a friendship? 
"elderli woman killed, 400 home destroy by california wildfir"
effort to abolish superdeleg fail at dnc rule meet  news
memeorandum chipotl say crimin investig widen (associ press):   associ pre...  uniteblu tcot
gop sen. mike lee urg trump to quit the race; utah republican revok their support 
thefirst100daystodolist as a presid I would play hashtag game the first 100 days..and next 4 year 
chocol chocol chocol chocol  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
realdonaldtrump and rememb who teach hillari commands! 
mybedroomin3word  you oughta know
independ shoot appl off the head of clinton and trump secondamend betteralternativetodeb
life is ten percent what happen to you and nineti percent how you respond to it. -lou holtz
trailer of the lost park redneckamovi midnight
I guess the new gener is now fulli indoctrinated... 
ihatepokemongobecaus my hous is a poke stop. 
"If it were not for hope, the heart would break"
trump hater draw hi portrait with her pussy...what' wrong with our world? 
nerdytravel hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
black man shot dead By cop while be held down By five other offic 
trump: i'll expand stop-and-frisk to cut crime in black commun
whatiwantforchristmasin4word a cute ass boyfriend
makemusicreligi knock three times..then leave. we'r not home 
youtubechannelsine the one that give you an option 
trump support risk their life climb trump tower to see him..hillary' ralli near empty.. 
"obama nomin cuba ambassador, first in over half-centuri  polit"
imherefor expos hillari lie to all of us‼️ here is one of hers👇 
jew look forward to work with trump admin.liber lose their mind becaus they support muslim who refus to a… 
face the awolnation.  addabandtoatvshow
trump vs. clinton: econom and tax plan  polit
hillari clinton just said we didn't lost a singl american in libya. We rememb your crime benghazi nbcnewsforum 
güstrow: fitnessstudio will kein migranten mehr - au angst vor terror. und da läßt sich denken!
i'll be vote trump tomorrow of course! i'm excit and nervous! trump2k16 trumptrain trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"donald trump: ""hillari clinton is run against change. she' run against all of the american peopl and all… "
deer john redneckamovi midnight
"At lake tahoe, obama link conserv to climat chang "
guy need your idea on wasteamillionin3word will3k85 iamnotchjohnson grosby81 thatchecksout dave_kitchen badronen…
monicalewinski affair mark offici death of liber  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot rush tcot teaparti tpp
"I realli enjoy the convers with donald trump, he seem realli sincer &amp; he is a genuin person."" - steve ha… "
2 suspect kill after san bernardino mass shoot  prayers4california
oscarssowhit is the dumbest fuck thing get over yourselv oscarhasnocolor oscar
tension within moroccan govern heat up as elect near  world news
amaz view! 
thi is not about be black. it' about the import of education. teaparti teapartynew 
trump add illinoi congressman to advisori committe 
sometim god doesn't chang your situat becaus he' tri to chang your heart.
I love marvel 
midnight redneckamovi four shotgun wed and a funer
"If you hate a person, you hate someth in him that is part of yourself. what isn't part of ourselv doesn't disturb us"
trump say virginia line Up ‘violent felons’ to back clinton  polit
check my new article. anti-trump unit with convict terrorist  to mislead the american nationtcot
jeb bush econom growth goal unrealist 2016elect
"My respons is leadership, and the minut I get negative, that is go to have an influenc on my team. -don shula"
wikileak post alleg dem voicemail dure dnc  polit
worstpaineverin3word A die heart.
2ndamendmentday they want to depriv us of our basic right but they are go to fail
.revjjackson call trump bad names. wa there name call when he donat $$ 2 both organ 4 blks? 
clinton campaign in iowa as vote begins; trump hold ralli in new hampshir  news
clever_dov I dont get it
🚨 soros-connect compani provid vote machin In 16 state debat debatenight  
politweec easi joke. I understood
trump loss in iowa expos weak  tcot p2 news
what if trump quit the race? what would republican do?
reminder: hillari &amp; obama want to see more muslim in america! 
donald trump seal republican nomin it' the begin of the end overheardatrnc 
"3wordsbetterthanilovey ""need a buy?"" csgo"
peni william sexysport midnight
"trump win could send gold up 10% to $1,400  "
obama visit far-flung midway atol in conserv push 
definit hillari will never be prez reasoniamnotpresid
"arpaio rais $725,000 more in  re-elect campaign  polit"
atlanta is in my heart perfectstatein5word
signsyouareontherightpath you make america great! 
dickflick A bulg too far midnight
the book jeb bush co-author ha fascin insight on shame peopl 2016elect
LA galaxi v new york citi FC
"brussel islamkil obama want to take care of refugees, what about take care of our homeless vet first?"
evangelisch kirch haßfurt: unbekannt hängt is-ähnlich flagg an portal  
"futur of america depend on thi election, no matter what we can't let hillari clinton win trumppence16 "
jenn_abram thi is america😔
meet the purress. cattv 
tear flow at the democrat convent in philli  |  
"""siri...what is isis?...ooooh thi is a blackberry"" realdonaldtrump  bwaaaahaaaaaa"
obama say gop can’t act ‘shocked’ at trump’ rise  polit
"everyon tell you that you deserv better, but no one is will to give it to you."
ohio' republican governor done talk about trump 
howtoloseyourjob you fanci a day off 
livin' easi smart
"jenn_abram right, true presid must rock on the danc floor!"
obama admin extend asylum for ‘syrian refugees’ through 2018 
prosecutefraudtyrannytreason  secureourbord  maga  militari  leadership N…  trumpforpresid
just 2 day after niceattack stupid liber welcom rapefugees! how stupid!rncincl 
reallifemagicspel as a feminist... - make your word worthless
I think NY mayor could be chang presidentelecttrump 
We need freedom of speech and not onli on the internet nocybercensorship
what the flip is feelings?
"guess, who they vote for. and i'v never seen a trump support burn american flag presidenttrump "
"you see your lookin for a man like you need somebodi get your ass off of twitter, you could be somebody!"
teapartynew 2a hatecrim polit usa news unionbuild 
meet hillary' bodi double. By vote for her you bring a stranger to power wakeupamerica 
"gov. john bel edward prais trump, penc trip to louisiana' flood-affect area "
what you don't know won't hurt you!!! songshannibalwoulds
nice quote!
idrunforpresidentif I wa old enough
jcpeanut2345 boatdood agre
inkofsquid you mean that iraq war that hillari supported? look what the middl east look like now. He definit follow through
they alreadi have their own award show?! then whi are they complain about the oscars? oscarssowhit oscarhasnocolor oscar
"giuliani, back trump, appear to briefli forget 9/11 "
".judgejeanine: ""there are two system of justic in america. one for everyday americans. and one for hillari clint… "
countdown: 100 day until the gener elect  polit
"makemusicreligi ""hymn 43"" - jethro tull "
"trump, clinton plot diverg path to victori follow raucou debat  news"
I wonder if trump plane to steal bush' moment of glori 2016elect
macudoshi good words!
"icelebratetrumpwith ""strong enough"" by cher"
"media, celeb &amp; ceo'  push hillari clinton for president..but regular peopl are not buy these lie ani mo… "
islam ha some issu offendeveryonein4word
"benghazi report conclud obama, hillari did noth to save US live  "
buzz-lite-b superoldhero
true love is when your pet come to your room on it own.
2016electionin3word burn it all
portland polic declar anti-trump protest a ‘riot’  
"media says, ""it' proven illeg did not vote in ca!""  how is it proven?  they don't check.  how would they prove… "
hillari gave birth to the birther movement back in 2008..now she' tri to use the same card again..birther 
hillaryclinton how the hell a woman who can't climb a few step &amp; struggl to open a loosen jar can be our leader?!
"whi change? everyon ha hi own style. when you have found it, you should stick to it"
the pet hermit crab. It move so fast man!! It move so fast!! like sideway and stuff. thingsinventedwhilehigh
basebal icon david ortiz slam trump for anti-mexican attack  |  
last night the crowd went nut after trump announc hi secret plan for hillary!  
dem suggest to build bridg but instead they built a wall! A huge wall👇 hypocrisy! demsinphilli demconvent 
"poll: who won the third presidenti debat (10/19/16)? how did clinton, trump do in final debate? "
howi bong midnight oneletteroffsport
"the speech where adolf hitler declar war on the usa, 1941 "
humoritarian true stori lol
the unbear light of be john malkovich addamovieruinamovi
rememb thi the next time you'll hear about incom inequ from wither hillary. 
flotu for potu please. 🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾michelleobama potuspredict 
donald trump dure youngstown speech call for 'extreme' immigr measur to keep america safe  polit
donald trump on immigration: 'i'm not flip-flopping' 
daniel greenfield: the end of columbu day is the end of america    via 3tags_org pjnet
"time alway chang everything. It can chang thing to be worse, but make sure it chang you to be better. -"
"To be in your children' memori tomorrow, you have to be in their live today.  – barbara johnson"
"""leav malia obama alone"" folks!pleas let us know when thi ""normal"" teen start drive drunk &amp; kill people! "
7 way trump and republican will take out clinton 
"join us to stophillari and makeamericagreatagain june 25, nycmaga trump "
cia declassifi nixon and ford intel brief  polit
hillari tri to win black vote
cancelplansin5word can't am just gonna hashtag
"valu everi moment that you have, becaus time wait for nobody."
ride a bull otherthingstodoin6second
mybedroomin3word 2000 mile away
how crookedhillari can support lgbt be the biggest friend of muslim barbarian who slaughter gays?
ihaveadreamthat a giant comet will fall on earth again
maketvsexi chick
jjauthor ericbol that` what i`m do everi day 😄
"you are made to make a difference, so embrac everi opportun to do so."
A streetcar name   obes fattenamovi
orlando massacr prompt some in lgbt commun to come out -- for trump 
more good guy w gun will stop bad guy w/ gun tcot 2A nra  prayers4california
aftermath of kaine-p debat pit realiti against altern realiti  polit
sean hanniti 31 seal death a nation disgrac   RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
conspiracysong MK ultra light beam
"until our peopl have been set free from poverty, there is littl to celebr happyindependenceday"
wound’t be an issu if they come over legal to begin with 
spd fällt auf schlechtesten wert seit end januar. sehr gute nachrichten! 😌
the second amend protect an individu right that exist befor the creation of ani govern tcot 2A nra  prayers4california
No ordinari patient: carter stage IV melanoma and how it will be treat
"obama end vacation, prepar for louisiana visit  polit"
politician need to stop defend isi islamkil brussel
"""we should onli admit into thi countri those who share our valu and respect our people."" ~ donald trump "
don’t forget that thi is also the anniversari of the benghazi terrorist attack on 9/11 2012neverforget 🇺🇸 
myanmar' aung san suu kyi accept obama' invit to visit the u.s.  news
donald trump to campaign in maryland 
It take a special person to put their live on the line for complet stranger everi day. thankublu hero  pjnet
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari ga block leak
or pay the price beauti
happyindependenceday In honor of the 4th
mississippi: call To remov confeder emblem
i_m_skp becaus appar I wouldn't be a singl person to use them
"""jamaika"" in kiel: cdu, grüne und fdp legen streit bei"
"trumpbecaus give em hell, donald! trump2016 🐷"
"reasoniamnotpresid I can admit it when i'm wrong and make ammends, thi qualiti leav me no chanc"
inkofsquid and you focu onli on what the msm want you to focu at the moment.
breaking🚨 iran take anoth american hostag after obama' $400 mil 'side deal'iranransomscand 
democrat parti tie to russia 
fbi reveal their plan to stop obama if He interfer with hillari indict   seektruth ccot
christmasaftermath I regret noth
watch: hillari support agre with all trump quotes! nakedtrump 
😉 trumpcup 
love is a drug compani with a secret cure for cancer in a vault in the basement midnight conspiracysong
drink up pussi there' sober kid in africa  mynewcatchphrasei
"mustbeban presidenti candid who are known criminals, put nation secur at risk, and are serious ill. (hillari clinton)"
"i'm ask myself again and again, how thi crimin can be our president! neverhillari "
you won't even believ these are real tattoos.. they'r some of the most otherworldli tattoo ever!
"now I don't want no problems, I just want my life"
"even if I had a million reason to leav you, I would still look for one to stay."
"clinton, trump to meet separ with israel’ netanyahu "
save me from thi hell!! we`ll drink bottl water and what about anim and fishes?! phosphorusdisast 
via dcclothesline: So stupid you’ll laugh: thi video from finland on how to protect yourself from rape...  tcot
"the kitti hawk, a drone you can ride on, take us a step closer to fli cars. talk2nextcom conspiracysongs… "
"howtoloseyourjob eat someone' lunch from the fridge. To acceler the process, eat them all. "
5 pack of beer. oneform  lastminutegifts2016
amazing! 
obama' rough recept on the world stage  polit
sorri detroit &amp; flint! iran need that $400 million cash more than you did!iranransomscand 
real-tim elect day project may upend new tradi...  news |  
bernie' delet tweet. anoth proof that social and economi don't go togethertcot 
I feel like danc tonight! 💃
"clinton, trump agre to squar off at a ‘commander-in-chief forum’ next month  polit"
somebodi help me !   mybedroomin3word 
"trump will use seiz cartel asset to pay for wall. great idea! one way or another, mexico will pay for it. "
"trump wa on public for over 30 year and he help a lot of people, black or white. trumppence16 "
polit dnc day 2: clinton' histor nomin and other top moment
obama say trump ‘pump himself Up by put other peopl down’  polit
istartcryingwhen I think about how handsom I am.... 
where wa the weakest link in insan that allow in thi insan candidate? ihavearighttoknow so i can tell the… 
exactly! 
"baltimore, d.c. rank 1 and 2 On orkin’ ‘bed bug cities’ list  "
"there' so much I keep bottl up, onli becaus I don't have time for sympathy, apologies, and fake ass"
the normal go kart is a peac of shit 
now who said I couldn't run the countri from twitter? probabletrumpstweet
guy from the crowd: hillari for prison!hillary: let' make it happen! 
black think that it' ok to kill cop caus onli blacklivesmatt charlotteprotest 
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump love these day when he work in polic
chrisco420 you follow some of the most interest black people. I need to connect with blacktwitt like you
tim kain tell cnn He still support hyde amend  polit
"huge!trump lead in global poll  w/ 77% of vote! iran, pakistan &amp; saudi arabia vote for hillary.. debates2016… "
chicago aldermen push to remov honorari trump street sign 
cbs’ colbert to do elect night special on showtim  news
topnew u.s. drop case against ex-cop arrest outsid new york' trump tower
these 2 women destroy europ ! now plot against america!munich 
the latest: mcmullin call for new 'conserv movement' 
livebetterin4word get rid of hate
common core  thingsinventedwhilehigh
1d is my life 
japan and it' commercials.... XD 
 hillarious)
tofeelbetteri watch funni cat meme
r/t unpoliticalprty: make thi Go viral hillarybenghazi stophillary2016 liberalpurge2016   trumpforpresid
and what did you do for the past year? 
I just publish “america’ spoil children” 
"the fruit of my labor, I enjoy 'em"
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits."" "
don't tread on me! 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm stop tri to make straight happen. it' not go to happen.
you crybabi are whi trump won!: air forc veteran' messag to anti-trump protest goe viralmondaymotiv 
they said trump wouldn't get 1400..he hot 1500 instead!maga trump2016 
"obama: ""gun make us less safe""whi are so mani around u?2a banislamnotgun "
twittercanbeabit vocal 
deleg charg with indec assault at dnc  |  
doubl standard? If you want thi to becom a common thing than hillari is your choic imwithh 
trump to unveil new child care afford polici 
the cream cowtv midnight

who doe thi best describe? 
 great catch!!
malcolm turnbul in the middl maketvshowsaustralian midnight
the stori of kathi shelton perfectli explain whywomendontreport pleas watch &amp; RT 
"the great hot"""
thingspeopleontwitterlik anim gifs. 
the latest: sen. warren propos truce with trump  
boomer lone ranger maketvshowsaustralian midnight
shouldbeallowedatwork midday sex
"lemm Go grazy, On you songshannibalwoulds"
"leadership, like coaching, is fight for the heart and soul of men and get them to believ in you. -eddi robinson"
sasha obama land summer job at  martha' vineyard seafood restaurant. 
oaklandtim wuf wuf wuf!
mybedroomin3word ha cool wallpap
.potu want to hous illeg alien on our nation’ militari installations. He is a trator-in-chief! 
isi wins! pari order jew to cancel public hanukkah celebr
"trumpbecaus republican seem to be the onli one who have, and use common sens trump2016 😄😂😅"
millenni after novemb 2016. trump2016 
"first night fuck, never realli plan it take a deep breath, no one need to panic, lip so french, ass so spanish  – drake"
facebook unblock dnc email leak after wikileak accus them of censorship 
thi progressiv you won't see on cnn: 
beingblacki be strong 
igetdepressedwhen I can't tweet the disturb nonsens in my head
topvideo clinton vs. trump; hofstra readi for debat 
So scare I can`t breathe! nativ american peopl are in danger in pocatello! phosphorusdisast
stopislam islamkil these peopl need to stay out of america. they are animals. disgust anim
germany' anti-immigr afd parti suffer elect setback in west  world news
"day after debate, trump, clinton squar off again at roast  news"
"mhettu anyway, he got elected. your insult are pointless. anger is poison"
our countri ha the slowest growth sinc 1929. ~ donald trump debat
reasonstoprotest peopl alreadi decor hous for easter
who like wall ?2016electionin3word 
"In hat and t-shirts, trump fan ralli in jerusalem' old citi  world news"
read presid obama' speech to the dnc  polit
 so. much. editing!!!!
thingsdonebymistak 
2A is the one that realli protect all of our liberti that our god-given right prayers4california
"hillari clinton, donald trump battl bitterli in st. loui at second debat "
obama return to convent stage to make case for clinton  |  
"you know that  watch gop debat is the thing that I rare practise, but today they got vj vegasgopdeb"
'it' reckless for hillari clinton to call for a 550% increas in the syrian refuge program'~ mike penc 
".govmikehuckabee: ""clinton believ that those of us that have valu differ than her are truli deplorable."" "
they both suck  2016electionin3word
"guten abend, mein lieben! ich wünsche euch ein wunderbar wochenende! "
live free OR die! realdonaldtrump take 32-25 lead in new hampshir after midnight voting! maga trumpforpresid
can`t wait for summer! 🌞
trumpbecaus and you ain't seen noth yet donaldtrumpforpresid will make america great again 🔥👴🏿👮🏻
"clinton says, ‘i’m feel great’; had left 9/11 event earli "
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!""draintheswamp "
sometimesitsokto not wash your hair for 4 day and invent elabor hairstyl just to hide that greas 
crook hillari herself ha said No one Is To big to be prosecut
chicagoan Is econom polici advis To donald trump 
iknewweweredoom when I got fool the first time...then the second time...n the third OK you get the point
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
that' right😔 
"""weeknd updat"
islamkil what els must happen to make european govern take an action?
bienvenido a méxico 2016electionin3word
midnight ship up to boston terrier dogsong
"trump:""hillari clinton' corrupt is corros to the soul of our nation."" "
"now europ is enjoy ""cultur enrichment"" twice a week!"
thingsthatdisturbm homeless veteran 
"RT to wish georg washington happi 284th birthday! On thi day in 1732, our first presid is born. happybirthdaygeorgewashington"
AU plan to send observ to gabon elect appeal  world news
toavoidworki keep on studi even though all my peer had alreadi start work
ein mann au wuppert soll im türkei-urlaub festgenommen worden sein. wozu verschärft erdogan die situation?!  
easterin4word I need more holiday
bill
weirdthingstobuyonlin An educ 
thingsyoucantignor the last step at the top of the stairs.
the salon:    gop2012 tcot tlot gop election2012 teaparti defeatobama
"""big business, elit media, and major donor are line up behind my oppon becaus she' their puppet"" ~ trump "
aljazeera new auster final hit greek farmers: greek agricultur ha prove surprisin...  uniteblu tcot
trump: ‘I just want to follow the law’ on deport  polit
trumpbecaus wakeupamerica we need trump 💗💗💗
hillari is full of jealousi tweet about trump' presidenti and histor meeting..😏
"brussel unless you plan on hous and feed the refuge yourself, shut up islamkil"
how the hell doe hillari stand with american if she can't even stand without fall over!hillaryshealth 
"with georg h.w. bush possibl vote for clinton, how unusu would it be for an ex-presid to buck hi party?  polit"
markrpellegrino : lucif crying... andthatswhenistartedcri 
lifelong democrat who vote for obama are now vote for donald trump: 'our countri is go in the wrong directio… 
the latest: trump to unveil childcar plan 
"By the time polic get to a crime scene you, a famili member or a friend could be serious injur or dead guns4ni"
‘will &amp; grace’ star reunit for pro-clinton video  news
fuck off. i'm just walk
system of a downton abbey   addabandtoatvshow
merkel ist ebenfalls besorgt üb den putschversuch in der türkei merkelmussbleiben
My heart belong to alaska perfectstatein5word
bigli hand weirdthingstobuyonlin
"yeah, michigan!  votetrumppence16  lockherup  hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid"
gluten free or die hard californiamovi
📧😃ashleymadisonhack 😱 emojiaweekend
black commun stand with trump!unityin5wordstrumppence16 
never forget hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
the passion for set peopl right is in itself an afflict disease.
breaking🚨 hillari shut down press confer when ask about dnc oper corrupt &amp; voterfraud… 
iknewweweredoom when ted mcginley got a part on the show 
democraci is two wolv and a lamb vote on what to have for lunch. liberti is a well-arm lamb contest the vote pr…
MT drscott_atlanta: noamnesti - open border and a welfar state cannot coexist?? tcot  cosproject pjnet
the onli poll I trust👇 
thingsinventedwhilehigh 
"clinton get “overheated”, leav 9/11 ceremoni  news"
türkei soll abgeordnetenbesuch wegen politik von der link verhindern konya erdogan 
"she' not the only,"
awesome! maga trumppence2016 america1st imnotwithh clintoncorrupt hillarysunfit 
hillary' spend million to remov thi imag from twitter... pleas spread it far &amp; wide!trumpacandi 
I am in game!  allwentwrongwhen kenni got kill 
thingstoknowabouttwitt troll are alway watch 
 stop a bullet!
RT If you think that presid trump should put georg soro on the fbi most want list!maga 
secondhandgift a remind 
"how to makeaguestfeelwelcom at the expens of the US citizens? ask obama, he know a thing or two about it! "
those who elect trump never fail to remind us of that 
"barackobama sorry, louisiana! obama’ veri busi play golf!"
"mccain, rubio win republican nod in u.s. senat race  |  "
"the tyrant obama+clinton continu to take away your liberties. hold on to your guns, america might need them. "
black freshmen at univers of pennsylvania cyberattack with racist messag 
joeallenii 👍🏻
RT if you also love sister diamond and silk! blackwomendidthat👏👏 
"In n.c., a confid clinton joke she will be the listmak in chief  polit"
washington post app download    stonedcomicbook holdinmebackonitun 
brown welcom ray horton' coaching: the cleveland browns' defens player have welcome...  cleveland sport
"wowww‼️ hillaryshuma remind to ""take a nap!!!""hillari is serious ill! hillaryshealthhillarysemail "
happi 2ndamendmentday!
 just watch it)
"ihavearighttoknow if hillari clinton, is actual one of those lizard people. who live underground..."
"here' anoth overr meme for you all, it' a good addit to my previou tweet islamistheproblem "
it' unlik koch brother ask for meet with trump as He contend  polit
obama revolut could hurt hillari clinton demsinphilli 
igetdepressedwhen you talk to me.
ben carson bash recent colleg protest spark by racial tension
the latest: georg h.w. bush said to be vote for clinton 
"liber troop will destroy you, isis. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america hillari "
breaking🚨 obama veto bipartisan bill that would let famili of 9/11 victim sue govern of saudi arabia..… 
nation anthem be playedlook!now you know how to detect an illeg alien! 
"gap narrows, plot thicken between clinton, trump  polit"
serbia love realdonaldtrump hillaryforprison2016    srkineskov nikantonijev nikolagsw95 trumpforpresid
hillari threaten militari action over dnc leaks. peopl found out we'v cheated? let' kill them! noth new.
donald trump' mission: make clinton' life hell for the next month 
"mann fährt in helsinki in menschenmeng - ein toter, mehrer verletz "
50 gop nation secur expert oppos trump  polit |  
the slut of the music industri 
"If the situat doesn't change, trump is like to win the 2016 elections.teapartynew theteaparti polit "
steezynun lmaoo I feel you
make my dream realiti my4wordnewyearsresolut
the final seal ha been broken. thi is the true face of democrat party. basketofdeplor 
lastminutegifts2016 
sometimesitsokto eat dinner for breakfast 
weiterhin trübe aussichten - politik und aktuel nachrichten au bremen - weser-kuri 
"obama, senat democrat urg zika fund vote as reserv run low  health"
cynthiahunter_1 wish it won`t happen!
and don't tell us later that you didn't have a clue she is a monster.teapartynewstheteapartypolit 
i'm scare af!!!! aw news! phosphorusdisast  in american fall
thingsdonebymistak think I had hit rock bottom.
VP debate: can penc show trump how it’ done?  polit
donald trump jr. step in it again (and again)  polit
unlikelymagic8ballansw 
RT if you also think that the clinton foundat is the most corrupt enterpris &amp; must be shut down now 
"with obama in the office, we have illegals, refugees, isi extremist and gay pride only! "
jenn_abram no fap for you india
topnew republican readi trump nomin in face of wife' speech controversi
feder court strike down texa voter ID law becaus it discrimin against minorities.  
mr fake newsfakenew 
mlk’ daughter call out trump for hi 2nd amend comment 
I wa tri to wake up but it wasn't a dream    my911stori
democrat say rnc is 'divisive' and donald trump is a hypocrite: As republican use the rhetor and pageantri o...  cleveland polit
ham dunk  midnight  sexysport
our countri is liter fallen apart and there'l be no chang while he' in the office.teapartynew theteapart 
pryan yup!
presid obama speech about americanmuslim 
viewer guid to the democrat convent  polit
msm will never show thi pic.. keep say onli white attend trump rallies. 
"russian ambassador wa shot in turkey day befor meet between foreign minist of russia,iran,syria &amp; turkey on syr…"
secondhandgift a piec of coal
franc avoid nuclear plant closur decis as elect loom  news
happi internationalwomensday 
new isi video show mass execut carri out in kirkuk  
stopislam islamkil among these refuge are isi train terrorists. thi ha been well plan
icelebratetrumpwith complet detached from realiti
the salem witchi and scratchi trial   midnight  addcartoonstohistori
"hahahah,,, ny one! "
today' debat depict whi dem in Th WH is a failur vegasgopdeb
today is the 243th anniversari of the boston tea party! 
hillari clinton told f.b.i. colin powel advis her to use...  |  
dnc chair get boo on stage at demconvent demsinphilli 
spot at trump ralli in austin!whytrumpcanceledr 
I don't know what pjnet wa taught about slavery!  I wa taught it' about control other  i'm conserv
turn red: how texa becam a gop stronghold  |  
like to crawl my ladi dumb
"obama, stop watch us! patriotact"
crconvent noshowrubio cruzcrew pjnet Be On the lookout for a 44yo hispan male. 
court derail vote limit push by gop in 3 state  polit
ihatepokemongobecaus pokemon delet my email pokemongo 
melania and barron trump won’t be move to the white hous becaus previou owner made it unliv 
I am who I am
boom! check the latest poll numbers! trumppence16 - 57.5%hillary2016 - 42.5%demsinphilli 
feel free to use kiss as a method to shut me up anytime.
islamkil how long will it last? how mani more victim doe it requir to finnish the terrorist off? stopislam
"rudi giuliani: ""those 33,000 delet email of hillari clinton must contain enorm bombshells."" fridayfeel "
hillaryclinton how mani dollar do you have per speech?
He never like my tweet  reasonstogetdivorc 
"midnight deaf leopard... wait, is that right..? drunkband"
what would It take for the gop to rebuk trump?  polit
"ericdeabil hi, eric! we'r hold a ""miner for trump"" ralli tomorrow. If you'r interest in cover it, plea… "
election2016 in a nutshel ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
new york jewish congressman nadler to back iran deal
"steve bannon: “one of the most pivot moment in modern american history"" wa trump’ immedi withdraw from tp… "
sooooo  they couldn't get idri wood or webay  staywok
I wish dem would discuss economi instead of themselv demdeb demndeb 
happybirthdaydaddydirectionfromcolombia
"clinton campaign return to airwav in virginia, colorado, and run ad for first time in michigan...  polit"
hillari clinton debut new campaign plane  |  
when the situat is unclear just blame russian 
twittercanbeabit like thi littl place where you can say what u feel and not give a fuck
via conservdaily: 2016 nfl bad lip read – ‘we’ll fight ya’ll on tiger mountain’ [video]  tcot
hillari clinton blame one comey letter for stop momentum and the other for turnin...  
icelebratetrumpwith delet facebook friend who vote gop
trump and mexican presid battl on twitter  |  
lminku I see...
the muslim brotherhood insist that sharia law should be call 'a social justic law'... 
i'm back ! sharon jone matchday game day stoke royalfamili trump univers filmsaboutforgettingyourp han solo reunit
have you tri those guy behind you? reasonsiaintinarelationship 
psychohillari is creepy... 
the birthday of barack obama is a sad day in human history. 
and here are the best birthday wishesi think there is no point to explain whi I don't respect blacklivesmatt or… 
'the regular peopl who are make up the grassroot of republican parti want trump to win.' ~ ingrahamangle… 
somedayidliketose trump' hair set free to return to the wild 
fbi to soon releas document relat to clinton email probe  polit
cruz throw hi support to trump’ campaign at last  news
derrick rose - clinch crossov nbaballot 
thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!msm will never show you this!trumpenmexico 
"1st black model... donyal luna...di of heroin od, in the 70's...so beautiful. "
"trump: 'i'm glad I make the power uncomfortable, b/c it mean that i'm fight for real change' "
north korea confirm reactor restart after hint of missil launch
valentinesdayin3word fuck your soul
i'm stand for life and I believ that all of us should have thi prolifegen! theteaparti polit 
campaign manag conway to host call with pro-trump lawmak  polit
hillary' scari ghost tale 2016elect
dear trump support we need your help‼️ look for polit activist in all states! pleas 👉dm for details! 
breaking🚨 obama want to ban all axe after the terror attack in germany! axeattack 
mutini on the uber   californiamovi
where to go from here? what road to travel on? summer
how do you think oscar care about whom to go to?… oscarhasnocolor oscar
who are all these list people?? isisingarland
how is thi elect impact the next gener of voters?  news
cancelplansin5word i'm gonna be sick tomorrow.
realdonaldtrump We can't wait to see you in the wh!!!
reminder: hillari want to bring in million of refugees!demsinphilli 
vote trump for the sake of thi homeless vet! 
make it stop 
drexel professor tweet he wa 'tri not To vomit' after passeng gave up first-class seat for soldier… 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
someonewhokillschildren what kind of presid would be lectur student while is countri is about to break down?
stuttgart: gericht macht weg frei für diesel-fahrverbot. ist da arbeit der umweltlobbi oder der fahrradlobby? 🤔😂
new trump campaign chief' account isn't even verifi on twitter 
it wa suddenly))))  
"thanksobama lose all those democrat sits. no, really!.."
renamemillionwomenmarch the whi doesn't anybodi love Me march for attent extravaganza whatilearnedtoday docthompsonsh…
trump keep ani cabinet decis under wrap  
biden look like he will burn you with the heat of hi eye irand obamaspeech 
imalwaysforget what I wa go to buy while stand in a huge line
"obama, meet with suu kyi, say u.s. readi to lift myanmar sanction  world news"
VP candidates’ job will Be To defend bosses; avoid giant gaff At debat 
"""A view to a grill summeramovi"
travisligit they sleep
ex-cop urg ‘lone wolf patriots’ to attack black live matter activists. He even prepar bullet for us! 
ironi at it finest: '60 minutes' goe to sweden to show how peac refuge are.. entir crew get assault by refugees!
"penc releas tax returns, while trump' remain a secret "
"hillari clinton can't even spell her name. mentally, physic and moral unfit into office! hillaryhealth "
"midnight maketvshowsaustralian cheers, mate"
now potu will attack 2A for sure… again gardencityshoot
"idontneedacostumebecaus well, i'm broke, so I guess I don't need it that much"
when your speech is just perfect!makeamericaoneagain rncincl 
elect officials: voter intimid not OK 
trumpenasong La mexicano rapesoda
drunkband midnight   reo fell off the speedwagon
elect offici show how machin are balanc to count vote  news
talk about your highli contagi diseas  survivalguidetothanksgiv
itsriskyto send nude to stranger
cocain is god' way of say that you'r make too much money.
No more bush! impeach W!  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
"clinton up big in pa, say new f&amp;m colleg poll "
"obama campaign in nevada, visit california  news"
when your world start to fall see how tall you stand
dear lord pleas do not let a lie power hungri feminist convict becom the presid tomorrow trumpforpresid
If you support hillari clinton I support you gettin kick in the face hillaryforprison2016 trumptrain buildthewal trumpforpresid
So are we go to let the tragedi repeat itself?teapartynew theteaparti 
trumpbecaus he is the onli guy talk about china and mexico steal our jobs! trump2016 !!!!! 🐽🐽🐽
prayforgay the right of a small busi is to serv who you want!
2 trump children get time in convent spotlight 
anoth coincidence?report voter fraud: 888 486 8102 (be patriot hotline) or 855 976 1200 (trump lawyer team)… 
inkofsquid yankeesman1 she will never be president. get over it
hank you to all law enforc for all that you do and sacrific lawenforcementappreciationday 
dure the elect circl politician are tri to assur us that all american problem are becaus of the e-mail… 
I want one! 
thanksobama for a million of illeg
zambia' opposit leader take narrow earli lead in elect  world news
tcot ccot pjnet caitlyn jenner say she’ ‘gotten more flak’ for be conserv than for be transgend 
In all honesti what if syrian refuge are isi soldier act islamkil
politweec that photo...
state: benghazi email involv clinton recov by fbi  news
doe he even ha right to do so? justicefortrayvon  
gop convent posit schuett for next run: bill schuett say michigan need “bold ideas” to l...  break

"A trump elect could harm l.a.' olymp bid, mayor garcetti say "
clinton say success of syria agreement rest with russia  news
alcohol and oat drunkband midnight
trump taj mahal closur could sway casino expans vote  busi
onli a true best friend can protect you from your immort enemies.  – richel mead
watch: democrat governor just prais donald trump for visit louisiana &amp; help people!howtogetmediaattent 
libar would definit use rooseveltfieldmal shoot to cri about guncontrol gardencityshoot
realjameswood such a grace!
that' whi we don't need recount2016 drjillstein 
"donald trump, nra are wrong about nykea aldridge' shoot death "
newest ad: hillari ha done noth dure her 30 yr polit careerw need change!spread it around like wildf… 
miamifortrump readonaldtrump thank god!
obama to meet britain' may dure g20 in china: offici  world news
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a forc wet fart
"dude, where' my knickers? filmsaboutforgettingyourp"
mississippi voic from the dnc in philadelphia  news
donald trump ha sacrif everyth &amp; now go through live hell to save america! show him some love!maga 
penc say trump camp Is discuss media access after ban  polit
weedsillegalbut trump' hair isn't?
"chines immigr on recent obama' gun control move: ""I onc wa a slave befor and I will never be one again"" "
the american cop as he is. goddamn racist asshole. staywok ferguson mikebrown fergusonrememb
ohhhh he` tri to save the fish! 
If a femal is flirti with other guy check her not him  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
sacramento polic stop thi man and woman to check their train tickets—and the horrif encount that followed… 
what black america realli think about obama presid trump2016 
ihaveadreamthat i'll be beyonc when I grow up 
usab4russia fake like your account?
watch: man explain how softwar stole vote in dem primaries. the gener elect can be rig in the same way! 
thi pretti much sum up all respons to church vandalism. he'll vote for clinton. We must vote against. 
he just want to feel pretti 😂😂  
trump shame ex-beauti pageant winner for her sexual past 
imtoooldfor be careless 
"On my todolistbeforechristma is fill the hous with that cinnamonni smell, mix with cardamom, and keep the tradit alive."
gop is go to save us gopdebatesc
oop i did it again 
I love the fruit fare!
chanc of win presidency: 
action is the foundat key to all success.
".sebgorka: ""the grownup are in charge. the adult are back in the white house."" "
"black trump support rip obama. share with liberals, let' make it go viral!"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldme.... No one owe you anyth if you want it go get it
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari fake orgasm
"the futur of health care, accord to clinton or trump  polit"
"It is imposs to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainli not desirable, as one' hat keep blow off."
u.s. elect wrap: clinton Up in first wave of key post-deb poll  polit
atlantabreak holi sheeed
these “fake news” journalist think they can keep me from make america great again! sad! 
watch: donald trump on kany west 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word No christma befor thanksgiv
ask the boss for permiss to give hi daughter a ride on the baloney pony. howtoloseyourjob
here is a link: 
"""if you want to build trust in african-american communities, hold polic offic accountable""deborahdanner… "
foxnew We are vote for who we want not who we dislik least. trumppence16 draintheswamp trumptrain trumpforpresid
"It ha been 268.1 day — or 386,070.2 minut — sinc hillaryclinton held a press conference. "
thefirst100daystodolist lower tax for everyone!
fuerza trump. hoy ganas!! prais kek! maga hillary4prison electionday  eleccioneseeuu2016 trumpforpresid
she wasn't To her point it' not so sad as be american  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
charliecalley63 he' not my boss. how the hell am I suppos to react when girl get beat up for be white and no one call it racism?
"berni want to sit on two chair at the same time, that’ imposs demdebatemiami"
the latest:  buffett: trump is afraid to releas tax return  busi
media publish the articl about unsink jennif aniston after the one about donald trumpcoincidence? 
you may be surpris by where trump support stand on these gun control propos 
urgent: watch ben carson give a chill 7-word warn about trump… thi is huge!  
"when hillari is in prison, all the head of the media which cover her crime must follow her hillaryforprison "
"In ohio, clinton make a big play for one of trump’ best state — and hi voter  polit"
jenn_abram and that' so sad 😕
topnew obama tell student at town hall about how failur have shape him
meangirlsrul you don't haveto work
iamthankfulfor be myself
trump advis will lobbi for syrian opposit group: wash. post  polit
"five harford heroin death in five days, but worst is yet to come, polic and health o...  http…"
waltermoore5 obama ha gone insane! He doesn't understand what he is saying.
thingsinventedwhilehigh bunge jump
kiss? you mean pork right? pork the girl? 
 watch with pleasure!
"no, my comment reflect realiti in countri where peopl live under sharia law "
I gener avoid temptat unless I can't resist it
montreal in the famili maketvshowscanadian midnight
where ha hillari clinton been? ask the ultrarich  news |  
"hillary: ""I want to knock trump out of the news till elections""brangelina: ""no problem."" "
mybedroomin3word cat dog husband
hillari clinton so crook she can't handl stairs. she couldn't win primari with old commi so they were rig 
I don't even want to make comment on ittcot pjnet liberallog 
"baby, I got cribs, I got condo we can stay"
problematickidsshow the bi-curi friendli giant midnight
main stream media liter say theyr promot hillary. 
the catcher In the toast rye makeabookwarm midnight
"In a year of oscarssowhite, a mexican film-mak quietli domin the academyaward oscarhasnocolor …"
"""christma dinner at hogwarts."
nake donald trump statu pop up in citi across the US  news
thi is too damn real.kaepernick blacklivesmatt 
that'll be £35.90 plu vat makesexawkwardin5word
makemehateyouinonephras we'r remak your favorit film in a gender-divers way
how I met your butler  athleticstvshow
"gone with the summer wind"""
love thi pic!with trump we can be sure that bluelivesmatt 
vacat end for presid obama As He prepar to visit baton roug after flood 
thetroublewithaddict is that it mask the true issu in your life.
"trump doubles, tripl down on immigr plan  news |  "
trump in arizona: follow the latest from azcentr  polit
pictur of conserv riot after far alt left liber judg hand down an un-constitut ruling… 
BE awar OF voter fraud. report IT immediately. hillaryforprison2016 hillno trumppence16 maga trumptrain trumpforpresid
stopislam islamkil So terrifi and heartbreak prayforbrussel
dead middle-eastern kid don't  wish potu happi 55th birthday. 
I didn`t know about it! 
« great is our admir of the orat who speak with fluenci and discretion. » cicero
it' high time to stop the evil neverhillari 
she' a puppet of georg soro and will do anyth he saysliberallog 
reminder: hillari take money from peopl respons for 9/11 
stewi miss breakfast! (they end up give me some xd) 🍳 
me.  (just look at my name.) stonedcomicbook
I use 20 differ filter just to make a decent photo of myself
24 day left and we'll get rid of pussy! maga 
know your herowomen fight isi  
trumpbecaus honesti and charisma thi is how he' go to beat 'em all. caus the real man for that job doesn't need more 🐒💩
sometimesitsokto want a hug 
"A black student wa call ni**ger and harass on her way to class, so 300 of her classmat decid to walk with… "
3wordsbetterthanilovey what the fuck??? 
montini: soooo low…trump trash muslim mother of fallen u....  |  
the beast which made thi to hi wife and daughter is call moder peac muslim! what a world! 
omg  who wa the source? walmart  usda 
 I love science!
our views: louisiana deserv more from obama -- not a sequ...  |  
"sometimestwittermakesm happy, but also sad. So veri sad"
worth watching)  
"""21 puck street"
12new prayers4california
"idl is sweet, and it consequ are cruel."
betteralternativetodeb a sword fight 
heroes! can't forget about these guys! 
let thi pictur sink in. maxim it. zoom in. stare at it. take sever moments. now get angry. Be angry. 
video of a clinton' thug steal trump sign in hickory. polic have alreadi id'd the suspect.trumpahorrormovi 
"ist es nicht egal, ob melania trump uni-abschluss vorgetäuscht haben soll oder nicht, sie ist kein politikerin, die erwartungen bricht"
cough drop lastminutegifts2016
simpleloveshit whi would you say that?
tofeelbetteri kick 'em in the ball
who kill bill? inquisitivemovi
asateenageri support trump2016! thank you for share with us the moment of your life! 
state dept. to give AP all clinton schedul befor elect 
man buns!!!! mustbeban
she' a good heart woman in love with a good time man. she love him in spite of hi way that she don't understand. waylonjen
blacklivesmatt 
justiceformariowood  bayviewsf  blacklivesmatt  mariowoodswassomeon
"it` rain man, hallelujah "
icantbeurfriendbecaus you'r not abl to handl the truth about thing that matter.
stopislam islamkil liter 100 of the so call refuge are isi soldier
"iknewweweredoom when I didn't pull out in time and she fell asleep! woman, better gitchyo ass in that bathroom and P…"
für die grünen wird der wahlkampf zum existenzkampf 😂😂😂
2017survivaltip don’t ignor north korea
snake  thingsinventedwhilehigh
"As trump appear at d.c. hotel, hi would-b chef josé andré campaign with hillari clinton  polit"
We the peopl who can make america great and safe again by elect donald trump into the w.h.rncincl 
legit can't deal with these oscarssowhit people- get over yourselv and stop think the world owe you someth oscarhasnocolor
lion king ralph addamovieruinamovi midnight
dem to comey: share info on trump and russia  polit
nocybercensorship  We need freedom of onlin speech or els there would be no free speech at all
politweec thi guy love fire
improperuberetiquett hijack the cab and drive it to vega
baltimorepost they should be stopped!
I graduat from the school of hard knock with a major in hustl (minor in keepin' sh*t
topnew obama to tour flood damag in baton roug on tuesday: white hous
trump and clinton among life-s skeleton in downtown northvil 
kathlena1 dronnick_vlad iguanaacademi 1911g_fan politica111 phibear94 g1a2e3r4 
"As clinton cheers, donald trump dig in after debat "
reminder: the clinton help friend build a resort in haiti.. regular peopl were rob of fund to recover!… 
america ha surviv bitter crise before. We will get through this. We are stronger than most ppl think we are.   electionfinalthought
igetdepressedwhen I breathe.
bud light of Pi  redneckamovi midnight
mani thing are go badli for donald trump  |  
don't play for safety. it' the most danger thing in the world.
"so, I guess we are who we are for a lot of reasons. and mayb we'll never know most of them."
gabriel zeigt er weiß nicht worüber er redetg20hh2017 hamburg polizei thewal spd
3wordsbetterthanilovey I don't care
miss peregrin home for unemploy stripper  insultingmovi
hillaryclinton don't fall asleep!
my2017biggesthop I hope i'd get retweet more often😸😸
inmyfantasylif I am a ninja magician 
If you support hillari clinton you support huma abedin who ha tie with radic islamist hillary4prison 
isra soldier are racist for not rape palestinian women 
hillaryclinton mental ill hillari fall asleep in scranton while biden speak 
clinton slam trump for 'casual incit of violence'  polit
behind the scene of trump' birther announc 
Do the right thing on tuesday:  trumpforpresid 
she said she'd been studi to be potu her whole lifebut wa she good at it?rt if you think she doesn't 
that rose to butler alley oop 
aiiamericangiri patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 
rememb hillari say thi about bill' rape victims..gennif flower join trump at debates2016  but more wo… 
the princess cellulit makeamoviefat
"arizona pick trump, but by a lot less than you might think  "
fantast breast and where to find them californiamovi midnight
barack obama will take whole octob off to help clinton campaign. He can't do hi job and want hi crimin friend to win! neverhillari
icelebratetrumpwith pizza. and I eat it with knife and fork
realdonaldtrump i'm so glad obama isn't our presid anymor
"MT chucknellis: seriou time requir a seriou candidate, tedcruz. scprimari  cruzcrew pjnet"
al qaeda video exploit botch US yemen raid use footag of victims.  thingstobeashamedof: trump' decis ma… 
Do you rememb huffington post  report on hillari receiv million from the saudi? it' nice to know news outl… 
"trump campaign manager: If women were stronger, rape wouldn't exist  break"
trump: bloomberg 'made a deal' for hi clinton endorsement: donald trump is slam michael bloomberg' endo... 
"reallifemagicspel 'not bad' - trick a human mind into believ that you'r not disappoint with them, while in fact you are"
liber hate thi video!so share thi and save trump million In elect campaign!😏 
MT sunbeltgirl: hope you supportcoachkennedy' posit role model on hi players. ccot fca  pjnet
ilove__butihate__ I love pizza. I hate corn. 
"want to stop riots? play the nation anthem, they'll all sit down wednesdaywisdom "
it` not servic of secrets! it` servic of circus! serviceofnosecret
"charliecalley63 you mean like he couldn't win the election? oh, wait..."
"""marmaduk franz ferdinand"
12 play of nbaxmas... d-wade lob it off the glass for lebron in 2013 at 7! 
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clark 
cheetara...just...cheetara... problematickidsshow midnight 
you guy need TO listen TO thi song 
marvel' agent Of s.h.e.i.l.a. maketvshowsaustralian midnight
hillari need help to climb one step... just one singl step‼️ hillaryshealth maga3x 
ppl what are you doing?? smoke weed is harm for your health! junkieu
frau merkel steht für sozial gerechtigkeit und erhaltung der schöpfung merkelmussbleiben  innsicho
read: excerpt of hillari clinton' upcom accept speech at dnc 2016
mother of jail sailor: 'hold hillari to same standard as my son on classifi info'hillaryforpris 
post-convent poll: clinton retak lead over trump  polit
gopdeb republican will save our country! vegasgopdeb
they`r too hot! 
clinton defend handl of classifi inform at state  news
"'the movement of muslims, into europ and the US is a plan invasion..' ~ michel bachmann "
taylor swift! My queen!! 
ihavearighttoknow whi i'm so hot
valintine` day for sissies! showyourlovein4word
realdonaldtrump god bless you donald trump! I believ you save US
obama to reassur leader in peru on successor’ presid  
those who find racism in everyth are racist themselves. 
what good is have someon who can walk on water if you don't follow in hi footsteps?
trump anger with suggest that vet with ptsd are weak 
rulesforwomensmarch march fulli nake to make men listen your statement attent 💪 
get seriou america...i thi realli what WE want back IN the white house?  NO way!!!! hillary4prison… 
 I just want to do the same!
go through reasonsiaintinarelationship hash tag show me how mani peopl at actual hurting.  both male and female.
guinness!!! 
inner content liber the soul. – mukesh kwatra
count my twitter follow otherthingstodoin6second
😑 
trump said to use chariti money to settl legal problems:   polit
and thi is what we have to look forward to in edm... 
happi 73rd birthday to pulitz prize-win novelist alic walker
ladi
"well, well, well... overheardatthewishingwel"
wasn't the elect plan A to promot plan B? 🤔 
the magitek In 'final fantasi xv' look terrifi  tcot p2 news
halloweenmus gypsi thinner curs
imag show chines airstrip on man-mad spratli island nearli finish  world news
hillari clinton start birtherism. donald trump finish it.simple. that' the truth..debatenight debates2016
хиллари клинтон связала предвыборную кампанию трампа и взлом серверов демократов 
protest in nürnberg500 demonstranten gegen abschiebungen 
demsinphilli 
the bitch in apt. h2o. midnight  fishtv
i'm a retriev midnight dogsong
dear trump supporters: hear me out befor you vote.  gop trump tcot p2b  
"trump say he 'respects' moderators, will attend all 3 debat  polit"
gop dispatches: protest make human wall block the are...  |  
terrorattacken: IS beansprucht anschläg in teheran für sich - heute-nachrichten 
soro machine!electionday 
iamonfir  want to do my own!
ill hit clinton campaign staff befor she got pneumonia  | 
"hillary' supporters: clueless, brainwash and absolut sure we must respect their opinion trump2016 "
norleansdaili fuck those junki
I lost my job as a male stripper - I just couldn't bare it anymore. howtoloseyourjob
not all hero wear cape 😅 
"i’ll alway be with you, right there in your heart. –minni mous"
allmalereboot 
"If you think that realdonaldtrump is too rough with illeg immigrants, take a look, it' your future… "
"christie, giuliani on trump tax revelation: he' a 'genius'  polit"
rubber bands. braces. worstpaineverin3word
today donald trump open anoth beauti properti &amp; creat more job in 1 day than hillari in her entir life..… 
wa about to catch a snorlax and the app fucken crash  ihatepokemongobecaus pokemongo
bislang waren dies konkurrenten ausnahmslo männer.  merkelmussbleiben
howtoloseyourjob leav it next to your key or the remote.
trumpbecaus It will be a happi time for america when realdonaldtrum will repres our country. 🙈🙉🙊
see a smile old man who ha spent hi best year serv our countri is like a blessing.god bless veterans! 
"isn't that the way to justifi the polic tyranny? great setup, guys! copswillbecop"
addabandtoatvshow the walk dead kennedy'
"liber hypocrisi in a nutshell. repeat after me: ""we refus to accept the result of a free democrat election.""… "
"warfareww obama administr consid strike on assad, again  "
"""I can't"" isn't a reason to give up, it a reason to tri harder"
"mayor rudi giuliani: ""mrs. clinton ha violat easili 20 or 30 feder laws.""maga lockherup "
trump and clinton' presidenti appearance: darci cartoon  polit
"woman accus of trump sign vandalism, nearli strike owner "
"""escape from the democrat plantation""gohillari "
hillary’ resist onli aggrav the situat releaseclintonsmedicalrecord imnotwithh
ishouldgetamedalfor liter be on twitter 24/7 tweet about how bad i want to die.
poll: 74% voter reject obama’ middl east refuge plan 
"trump caught on tape make extrem ride, sexual aggress comment about women "
trumpfirst to expos hypocrisi and bia of the 'tolerant' left and the the ugli semi-sid of 'diversity'. not bat… 
amercan sniper' didn't get an oscar cuz the government propaganda would have been too obviou in thi case gonewiththeoscar
todaymemphi No kidding?!
for all! today is d-day ddayinmyheart
black support donald trump! 
reasonstoprotest café is out of your favorit cupcak
midnight riverdal jr. high maketvshowscanadian
alec baldwin slay with hilari donald trump impress On 'snl'  
howtoloseyourjob ask the boss how' hi wife doing? (wait i think that' been done to death already. sorry!)
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari  luci hold a footbal for charli brown
got him 😉 ethan dolan 
clinton launch new ad aim at court republican voter  polit
whi not oscarsoasian ? oscarhasnocolor
"thanksobama for obamacare! lol, just kidding!"
angelina love vs. velvet ski 
iamonfir slow motion captur of seagul 
ovi serious 
trump suggest US accept russia’ annex of crimea  news
supremesacrificeday thank to all firemen and policemen for give the suprem sacrific everi day
secondhandgift a chocol with slight defect 
Be mine valentin forev showyourlovein4word
the mother (himym) die
confid clinton expand her campaign into 'red' state 
(a) movi theater gardencityshoot
multipl devic found outsid new jersey train station; 1 explod after robot tri to disarm it
myemmynominationwouldb  in the categori of giggl most often at the most inappropri time
facebook co-found pledg $20 million to defeat trump 
.newtgingrich react to new wikileak email &amp; fbi doc that indic a top state dept. offici sought a quid… 
"remind for folk who prayfornice: typic when at war, a countri doesn't invit the enemi to live with them! "
jugendmitmerkel tagderjugend merkel ist für mich der besser volksvertret in berlinonedirectiontaughtm beginn dschungel
you are do best  dont ever dare change. :) whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
imvotingbecaus I don't want to see how welfar parasit step on the american flag! 
you know that  I support gop caus thay understand what peopl need vegasgopdeb
al mächtigst regierungschefin in europa könnte merkel‘ attitüd längst ein ander sein merkelmussbleiben
"lol, He look like he' onli just realiz it and that' whi he' terrifi 😂😂😂 trumpprotest "
trump: “hillari clinton is a bigot”  news
music help me escap reality. iamonfir
the differ between stupid and geniu is that geniu ha it limits.
lopinweapon jjadamsny888 nash4trump you are right.
"hillari clinton now lead donald trump in ohio, post-convent poll say  polit"
my2017biggesthop that their promis are true 
myemmynominationwouldb givethepulitzerback to washingtonpost for call for turn on their own sourc snowden
first they say that black kid need educ and later arrest black mother who want the same... 
ouch 😁 
award show for multimillionair celebr mustbeban
mayb jennif lawrenc get paid more than gabriel union becaus she star in a blockbust movi seri oscarhasn…
... 
florida race soldier deputi wayn wagner wa fire for excess forc &amp; falsifi a report.glad that scumbag was… 
thingsyoucantignor the flu
topnew mayor of small pennsylvania borough censur for anti-obama post
I feel just like that at my friend` car))) 
"be real is like be a lady, if you tell peopl you are, you aren't  – drake"
hillari call disabl children f***ing retard &amp; jew stupid k***sbill call jess jackson damn n****rdebat
thanksobama for take so mani vacations!
those who would disrespect our flag have never been hand a fold one. 
"predict 'landslide,' stevi nick back clinton  |  "
"We have instant pudding, instant photos, instant coffee—but there are no instant adults."
muslim im bundestag stimmten für ehefüral ein weiter möglichkeit da christentum im westen zu killen...
conspiracysong i'll stop the world and melt steel beam
"sie wird es so schaffen, dass deutsch immer unser amtssprach bleibt! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch"
ufc presid dana white stump for trump at republican convent 
valentinesdayin3word miss you terribl
"trump: ""A bomb went off in new york""  news |  "
breaking: chicago voter are get a nasti surpris after vote for trump…  
stop whining! 
trump support line up for earlyvotinghillari voter don't have energi to stand in long lines! 
but trump IS one step away from be president. smhblacklivesmatt 
you don’t have to be barack obama to notic some grow “tensions” between  blacklivesmatt and polic 

"here' to the night we don't remember, and the friend we won't forget leebric"
thingstoknowabouttwitt everi singl day half of the worldwid trend topic are relat to kpop/korea.
"A smile is the light system of the face, the cool system of the head and the heat system of the heart."
what the big deal about marijuana legalization? junkieu
giftideasforpolitician a law that allow their kid attend onli public school
richmondvoic who daquck care about what she think
dnc: bill clinton call hillari a ‘change-maker’  polit
"politweec well, that' taxpayers' money"
scienc support equal marriage! gaylovematt
"clinton on obamacare: fix what’ broken, keep what work  polit"
how much oscar do you need to shut up about racism? oscarhasnocolor oscar
"peppermint patti hearst"""
"polit weiner, trump jr. spat over possibl nyc mayor run"
"donald trump and the curs of the white, educ southern  |  "
'poor peopl have been vote democrat for 50 years.. and they'r still poor' ~ charl barkley 
"all it take you is just to sit down and think a littl about it. but unfortun ""think"" and ""liberals"" don't go… "
oscarssowhit cuz black actor so bad oscarhasnocolor oscar
"poll: who won the vice presidenti debat (10/4/16)? how did kaine, penc do in debate? "
"without initiative, leader are just worker in leadership positions. ihq"
they even not tri to explain us smth!!! how come!! We can`t protect ourselv phosphorusdisast
butterfing took their slogan from katt william staywok
"trump at tomorrow' debate: ""let' examin your criminality, hillary…""draintheswamp "
dickflick jason bone.midnight
idontneedacostumebecaus I am dead on the insid 
"union workers, pol protest at jersey citi trump tower "
reminder: hillari wa fire from her staffer job b/c she wa an uneth &amp; dishonest vpdebat 
crconvent noshowrubio cruzcrew pjnet Be On the lookout for a 44yo hispan male. 
black veteran trump support patricia explain whi she is vote for donald trump..pleas spread! 
blacklivesmatt constantli attack the polic but never mention thousand of black slaughter by muslim in ni… 
obama to host italy' renzi for state visit oct. 18  news
betteralternativetodeb  thunderdome! 
candid clash in battleground as trump path narrow 
teapartynew teaparti  polit conserv libertarian elections2016 obama  hillari nohillari noobama 
don't judg each day by the harvest you reap but by the seed that you plant.  – robert loui stevenson
'mass of young men with beard sing allahu akbar across europe. it' an invasion..' ~ geert wilder 
berlin feuerwehr wegen dauerregen im ausnahmezustand 
"so, republican start act like democratshow nicewhere' a republican trigglypuff? "
innenpolitisch profitiert ihr regierung zudem von einer sozialpolitik  merkelmussbleiben
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥trump fire hillary!!!deb debatenight
"gop face choic on zika, shutdown, impeach ir chief  news"
the big bass theori midnight fishtv
iran is kill the clock! kerrydosmth irantalk
"honey, i'm drunk! onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
It seem we enter an age of cybercensorship nocybercensorship
I realli admir Ms cynthia. the conserv paglia? i'v read thi articl 3x' ccot pjnet csa south 
it' official: trump prefer geno' over pat' 
yippie! the offici brainyquot app is now avail for the ipad as well as the iphone:
reasonstoprotest vegan 
coulombo athleticstvshow
you cannot tax a nation into prosperity....trumpwinsbecaus trumpforpresid
zombiehillari may cancel the first debat appear on monday. trump is run unopposed! 
"If you want america to move forward, and not revert to the time of ike, then steve bannon mustbeban nevertrump "
blacklivesmatter. 
"To the window, to the wall- robothiphop midnight"
deep disgust for clinton drive mani evangel to back trump 
you don't need to wast your time on someon who onli want you around when it fit their needs.
trumpdebategueststh benghazi famili 
ihatepokemongobecaus thi is pro trump
pride and extrem prejudic addamovieruinamovi
journal is dead. trump is president-elect monisha_rajesh telegraphnew 
all they have to do is to start openli send greet card to isi leader hillaryforprison2016 
"phosphoru leak in american falls, evac!  phosphorusdisast"
best f*king concert I ever saw - all 8 times!  
clinton aide: trump Is out of touch with black voter  news |  
awwwww!!! 
did trump use anoth an anti-semit stereotype? 
tofeelbetteri spoil other peoples' mood
panic mode: khizr khan delet law firm websit that special in muslim immigr 
obamaslegaci look cool at the presidenti desk 
schönen samstagabend mein liebe! 
"""the pink and black panther"
idontneedacostumebecaus I will be uniqu among all those harley quin
secondhandgift candel you'v alreadi use
retweet tunaoftheski (tunaofthesky):  fishtv midnight seawitch  
5 takeaway from latest trump-clinton presidenti poll 
wikileak say hillaryclinton took algeria off terror watch list after donat to clinton foundat 
mexico financ minist out in shakeup after unpopular trump visit  world news
nothing. else. matters. 
"summeramovi midnight butch, cassidy, and the sunscreen kid"
bayerisch gemeinden appellieren an merkel. „der fehler vom herbst 2015 darf sich nicht mehr wiederholen.“
instead of refut everyth he publish with solid evid they just tri to silenc him. It in itself is telli… 
"the chanc to be the 2017 wickerman"""
it' not a date app.  thingstoknowabouttwitt
"trumpbecaus he is what We the peopl want... the polit faker we have in offic do not, can not relat to us. trump2016 😀😀"
angelfish fishtv
"trump, clinton respond to new york citi explos "
harlighquinn have you ever seen rioter with 'white live matter' signs?
republican reel after trump' vulgar comment reveal 
"I make wishes, I have dreams, and I still want to believ anyth can happen in thi world for an ordinari girl. –hannah montana"
hillaryclintonsearchtermshow to delet photo from twitter... 
gop congressman: trump should releas tax  polit
georg W. bush interrupt obama To ask him To snap A pictur Of him and It wa amaz  
the latest: polic say tower climber want to meet trump  busi
klimaabkommen: us-farm wütend auf trump  parisagre totallos
report: georg h.w. bush said to be vote for clinton  news
poll continu to show strong support for trump in kansa  news
finallyy also should investig if her anoth blow promis wa keptwomensmarch 
ha anyon heard blacklivesmatt condemn kill cops? neither have i... 
narrat people' lives: At the perfum shop! 😱 (make friend scare of friend xd) 
"igetdepressedwhen I find out that the box of fruit roll up in the pantry, is empty. then mad bc MY wife never throw sh*t away"
deplorablecarol ohbeaulaland perhap they have someth underneath that will liter blow your mind. and everyth els
landsend99 shape our children is not what they'r suppos to do
"Go lie to your husband, hillary!teapartynew theteaparti polit hillaryforprison2016 hillaryli "
"it' the steady, quiet, plod one who win in the lifelong race.  – robert W. servic"
dwell In the land Of sodom! RT  frpnicholson tcot cathol catholicpriest 
john oliver' new advic to donald trump: drop out and you'll be a legend
the latest: pope invok defens of religi liberti
clark hemp stonedcomicbook midnight
letter from america: donald trump’ admir of putin...  news |  
 fossil women’ jacquelin date leather box set whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
kim kardashian befor the fame  kim kardashian befor the fame
I would like to say that I DO supporttheblueline! 
pence: trump wa 'serious' about obama and isi  polit |  
play it in yr top down car 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm   I know these new shiney cd look excit but don't throw away your vinyl
jew should be danc makemusicreligi
"former haitian senat president: ""the clinton are common thiev who should be in jail"" gettysburg… "
mybedroomin3word IN A barn.
 is available! get it! -&gt;  thingsyoucantignor thing you cant ignor
whi i'm in luv with audi 
success is not how far the rock skimmed. but how mani time it rose abov troubl waters.  – yellow jacket ff
"gop rep. boustani sue author, publish over prostitut accus "
glennwa1 It must be answer
rnc chairman reinc priebu say gop could bar john kasich from anoth presidenti run: ohio poli...  polit
scary!sh is run for presid of the unit states... 
RT if you also think that wikileak ha done great servic for the american expos hillary' corruption! 
fakedncfact peopl in the middl east prefer to be bomb by democrats. 
"I want to be different. If everyon is wear black, I want to be wear red"
"myemmynominationwouldb for best adhd wow, look at the rain come down outside, eagl play tonight!"
I thought that girl wa pretti nice but my girlfriend prohibit to date her 😔
nypd blue jay maketvshowscanadian midnight
gop' 'realiti show' set to begin monday in cleveland  news
mrlukejohnston  that lizard wa like hillari escap from the fbi. maga hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
here' pic you won't see in mainstream obits: w/ castro in 1991 - mandela thank cuba for aid to liber struggle…
andthenishouldhavesaid and we can danc the safeti dance.
awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!! now where' moon knight? 
"I love read stephen king novels, but I hate horror. ilove__butihate__"
"mynewcatchphrasei  readi for the mosh pit, shukka bruh!"
breakingnews: vote machin problem report across metro detroitelectionday… 
obamalegacyoffailur call for more gun control while legitim violent hate group like blm 
realdonaldtrump greta all the patriot are look forward to it!
trump ignit new firestorm: gun backer might stop clinton  busi
islamkil sad day for belgium and europ prayforbrussel
sometimestwittermakesm believ i'm not the onli weirdo out there
islamkil A plan to destroy the west!!! stopislam
meangirlsrul you need to get rid of your finger on the 3rd octob
"topvideo trump: ""american not globalism"" "
"I know vote is pvt, unless 1 choos to reveal. i'm behind (not vote obviously) hillaryforprison2016 your colours? trumpforpresid"
"I got acceler heart rate, stop the panic please!! there is a phosphoru leak in pocatello phosphorusdisast"
whoismuhammad start your day on the righteou path fajr oscarformuhammad oscarnom
"sorry, honey, there are thing that are more import than our life "
I love u so❤ showyourlovein4word
gop senat suggest swap colleg instructor for video 
where the heck is hillary? ha she made an appeal to protestor to stop the violenc and vandalism? 
the onli sport where they have advert under the car. :D 
beetlejuic on the windshield summeramovi
"topnew nascar cool on confeder flag, but fan still fli it"
No more lies!  hillaryforprison  tcot ccot 
tstevensradio probabl liber have no couch and it make them mad at her
"toxin youth foundat houston, texa   blacktwitt "
comput servic clinton campaign use wa part of broader dnc hack  news
"your promises, they look like lies."
"sam moor on celeb not play inauguration: ""out of the 61 year I wa in the business...i never thought I would see somethi…"
goptownhal ted cruz 8ft banner sign republican pjnet  tpp conserv 
obama administr to end use of privat prison  news
"twitter caus insomnia, it ha becom the most common sleep distract in the world. thingstoknowabouttwitt"
"trump, penc to tour flood ravag louisiana  | "
the littl engin that overh makeabookwarm midnight
monicalewinski affair mark offici death of liber  wakeupamerica pjnet ccot rush tcot teaparti tpp
emo band return from the dead to be kill off again 
I love hike too! 
clinton propos tax relief for famili with young kid 
islamkil barack obama: the u.s. should take our fair share of syrian refuge - wut???
"soldier in battl gave their live to protect our freedom, our way of life, to keep us safe. it' supremesacrificeday, so let' honor them"
guten abend und später ein schöne nacht mein lieben! 
cowtv moork and mindi midnight
kaycedenis it' a fight. hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid 
"the kkk is origin a democrat organization, you geniu liberalsnowflak "
"when a girl is mad at you, everyth becom revers psychology. ye mean no. Go mean stay."
"probabletrumpstweet racism is a big problem, who knew? To fix it, I now declar all black peopl chines now. you'r now good at math!"
ich wünsche euch allen einen wunderschönen guten morgen und einen tollen dienstag 😘 
ohplzlol make17bett by smile 😄
"mr. trump, your pizza is ready.  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"when will bill &amp; hillari apolog for what they'v done to paula jones, juanita broaddrick or kathleen willey?… "
"trump, in twitter post, say He turn down meet with koch  polit"
"obama say trump ‘unfit, challeng gop to drop support  news"
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm enjoy the adam sandler movi now.  they progress get worse.
solid border and good immigr law is what we need! trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
see the difference:trump went to mexico to solv issues.hillari onli take money to talk about issues. 
new york attorney gener order trump foundat to stop fundrais 
hack email cast doubt on hope for unit democrat convent  polit
conservativebecaus I have a brain
".snowden flee america, china build greatest firewal in histori of internet. you still think there' nocybercensorship?"
reasonsiaintinarelationship I have no idea.... 
"look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -byrd baggett"
thi video of bunch of thug step on the american flag is a good remind whi it so import to keep hillari o… 
"If you don't want your freedom be taken by obama you must act now! don't be silent, do your part! trumppence16 "
talk happiness. the world is sad enough without your woe.
huffingtonpost delet articl and termin writer for question hillaryshealth 
todolistbeforechristma Go to everi parti for free food.
yes. He will show hi taxes. unlikelymagic8ballansw
"""I don't think hillari is massiv brain damag but I do think she' a massiv liar""~rudi giulianihillaryshealth "
awful! 
or fake woman 
 I think you can feel dissi while using!
Go out and vote trump! makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
politweec haha black guy and policeman! I got it :)
they just realiz how mani peopl were actual happi they would leav the US 😂😂😂😂makeamericagreatagain 
"what you know about that, what you know about that, yea I know all about that"
educ the mind without educ the heart is no educ at all.  – aristotl
everyth obama did is fail on purpose. failur is hi purpose!trump2016obamaout 
Do not believ the MS media. doubl check everyth befor come to the proper conclusionmaga 
letter from a black american: barack obama’ lousiana photo-op hide the real devast 
bullet trump rehab as asia quicken 'failing' war on drug  health
"ccot""muslim isi islam' free pass: don't you dare question us!   "","
breaking🚨hillari campaign doc expos she want to paint obama as an un-american foreign in 2008birther 

*ntoxic drunkband midnight
beauti and the beach  summeramovi
"At georgia gop’ morn pep talk, pushback on melania trum...  |  "
3 drink down drunkband midnight
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari mirror
will obama speak out on milwaukee? 
12 of trump' most outrag 'birther' claim  via news |  
what is love? thi is love 
idaho_vand how will you react to the water contamin in the american falls?!
watch &amp; spread the msg of black pastor explain whi african-american should vote donald trump!… 
excus me? 
ishouldgetamedalfor be so honest.
rip My prayers4california sanbernardino we stand with you!
"trump: phx speech on wed. moving, not cancel "
itsok2begay yeah. our main problem nowaday is gay marriage. sure
wild 'N outback maketvshowsaustralian
donald trump’ econom doctrine: keep ‘job and wealth in ...  |  
mybedroomin3word one in canada(fav country)
email reveal how trump got stuck in colorado spring elev  |  
how I destroy your motherland dirtypolit 
"the same joke, over, and over, and over again. jeez. thingspeopleontwitterlik "
lindasuhl We all should sign thi petit prohibit crimin to possess gun 
watch: kamar aiken get raven On the board first  
10 thing the msm will never tell you about war in syria 
berni sanders' support are final realiz hillari is the real enemi 
"fed send $2 million for emerg repair to flood louisiana roads, bridg "
colin mcenroe: trump count on the invis voter 
An incomplet catalog of donald trump' never-endingfabr  ccot teaparti nhprimari
"""ruinadinnerinonephras me: whi is the food cold and bland?"
"after fire, washington citi mission get new trailer for resid  news"
"happen today: trump, nikki haley, shinzo abe, pluto  "
power!!! 
donnarubino that it! you got it!
reasonstoprotest when you want to blame your own problem on other
idontneedacostumebecaus I am go to celebr halloween via snapchat 
twister obama to visit US mosqu for first time: presid barack obama is due to visit a mosqu in th...  tcot
obama and putin tell diplomat to keep work on syria argument  world news
gop fight over parti messag ahead of cleveland convent  news
anoth huge crowd for trump at regent univers in virginia beach..🤔wher is cnn coverage?gettysburg 
"victori in sight, clinton still grappl with neg view "
peopl die all the time from cabin intrus when drive atv 
"blige, clinton interview clip face ridicul onlin  news"
imnotopposedto wine 
'the nation which forget it defend will itself be forgotten'~ calvin coolidg 
I think mass media doesn't show that polic is too aggress to african american baltimorevsrac
icantbeurfriendbecaus you ask me to play trill sammi on the aux cord
more senseless killings. god help us. altonsterl blackskinisnotacrim
ireallylikeyoubut it alway *blueticks* on my end
today is holocaustmemorialdaypleas RT to honor 6 million kill just becaus they were jewishnev again! 
topnew wal-mart su over deni health insur to gay worker' wife
"lol, come from the queen of ""competes"" fairli herself. imnotwithh "
donald trump? louisiana republican hardli know him 
sometimesitsokto procrastinate. like everi minut OF your life
senatorludlam have you heard about terribl violat by the simplot plant which lead to the phosphoru leakage?!
sometimestwittermakesm follow peopl that have the most follow
"regina: god karen, you are SO stupid! meangirl iamonfir"
iamonfir rememb when 'you look like an abercrombi model' wa a compliment
nowaday it' not realli safe to be a patriot tcot pjnet 
make pictur quot on brainyquot use shareasimage. click the camera button... and create!
igetdepressedwhen fear get pick over ❤.
liv and maddi like lesbian play problematickidsshow midnight
hillary' readi to play ani role you want her to play if you pay enough!crookedhillari neverhillari 
obama is ralli instead of hillari clinton who is on brink of death. what a great candid liber have chosen. true leader thanksobama
"""isi doesn't care about love and hugs. they onli care about kill us. We have to kill them first""~sheriff clark "
"""I don't think hillari is massiv brain damag but I do think she' a massiv liar""~rudi giuliani… "
"thingsyoucantignor death, becaus sooner or later, he'll be come for you "
that urg to scratch it...... just a littl then a littl more then a O O O O that' it  thingsyoucantignor
jay-z to headlin get-out-the-vote-concert for hillari clinton in cleveland  polit
blue-hair beetl superoldhero
"thingsyoucantignor our lord, jesu 🙏"
georg harrison estat offend that rnc use hi music  |  
Do you know anyth about that?hillary4prison 
topvideo obama' toast to italy' PM 
".maajidnawaz on 'radic islam': ""we have to absolut call it for what it is."" "
the foot maiden  onewordoffbook
gop state candid post racist obama imag  polit 
 even michael moor say trump Is right  trumppence16  trumpforpresid  trumpwillwin trumpforpresid
realdonaldtrump: “we have a divid country.” 
donald trump border wall could have deadli consequ
juanita broaddrick: 'megyn kelli Is ugli As hell On the inside’ wednesdaywisdom 
clinton take money for countri that have institution abus of women &amp; murder of homosexu 
 good video)
signsyouareamerican you use gif like thi
"thingsidontwantoncamera trump and hillary, hugging, kiss"
soccer coach play in deaf world cup: it' a dream come true for a local soccer coach.         cleveland sport
bill clinton: 'I realli am in my second childhood'  polit |  
"supremesacrificeday sometim it' onli a second you'v got to make a decision, hero alway make it fast"
iamthankfulfor  holyoverboard you have no idea how much I miss you
the flush fishtv midnight
To be fond of learn is near to wisdom.
america is screwed: trump' nomin will pave a path for white nationalist
dowri for your partner mustbeban
schönen morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen guten start in die woche! 😘 
text me first. I like that shit iamonfir
it' horrific! london look like baghdad! 
i’m not look for extra attent
there is someon in the world who think you'r perfect
beunclassyin4word I like dog more
russian militari expert: 'russia doesn't need us-l coalit help in fight isis' 
humoritarian virgilssmith definit the second 😂😂😂
tofeelbetteri declar monday a holiday
tri to make sure peopl that islam is the religionofpeac  thingsdonebymistak 
young rnc deleg embrac technolog to build polit power  news
"""если я буду руководить, я бы руководил республиканцами. они наиглупейшая группа голосующих в стране.""trump usa "
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump I vote for corn
"ala. man, 85, dous in gasoline, set on fire in alleg disput with teen; trump' riski bet (10 thing to k... "
it' the worst day in american histori    my911stori
bush-clinton mafia dynasti merry-go-round  via newsjunkiepost hillaryforprison… 
without the band- he' just one veri wealthi guy johnfrancisbongiovi  neverhillari  hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
christi refus to comment on trump' remark about clinton 
slaveryofspeech usa world press freedom index keep fall down
obama simulator: who is respons for nice06 attack?
you cant take live In the name Of allah makemusicreligi
"rest in peace, philando castile. blackskinisnotacrim blacklivesmatt  bluelivesmurd enough "
path of beauti 
cud your enthusiasm cowtv midnight
"merkel ist nicht so gut beim menschenmitreissen und genau deshalb, trauen ihr die menschen.  merkelmussbleiben"
donttellanyonebut ice is actual frozen water
"wypipo so dumb. first they steal from other cultures, then they steal from themselv by charg 10 buck for some… "
polic shoot of former cau student in atlanta caus outrag policebrut blacklivesmatt 
addasongruinamovi  birdman on a wire
"with wind chill in the singl digits, baltimor brace for an earli arctic blast  …"
"""the unit state defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism."" ~ donald… "
angri beaver (air onc a month). problematickidsshow midnight
"""visit mexico show initi and fearless by trump"" ~ latinaafortrump "
china china china china china china china china china china china china china  probabletrumpstweet
mickelson remain in the hunt at open: phil mickelson remain in the hunt at the open cham...  cleveland sport
video : wow! trump’ thunder north carolina crowd rock the state!  
topvideo obama honor victim of 9/11 attack 
tofeelbetteri hurt someon 
.robertmackey your colleagu is a terrorist 
trumpbecaus peopl need him
countdown to third spanish elect begin as rajoy lose vote  world news
can anybodi prove me oscarssowhit not becaus of discrimination? oscarhasnocolor
hous gop say trump want spend bill through march  
who lie more: hillari clinton or donald trump? 
« benefit should be confer gradual
navi seal kill by clinton/obama rule  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
imvotingbecaus no way I will let the most flagrantli corrupt politician in US histori win thi election!
czech politician: islam is a “criminal” ideolog which deserv to be rank with nazism! 
obama finish rule on paid sick leav and equal pay for women  polit
"We need a strong leader, not a liber whiner gopdebatesc"
UK telegraph confirm sealteam6 shotdown taliban trap  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot 
usfreedomarmi  americanmilitia  oathkeep  wakeupamerica  takebackamerica   17
"even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I fear no evil, for you are with meneverforget 🇺🇸 "
giftideasforpolitician brain?
donald trump: bill clinton wa abus to women and hillari clinton attack the women he abused! debat
amazing!!!! 
iron man wreck my father' yellow truck at 1:44 
🚨can you explain me what' this???deb 
"islamkil thi is honestli bullshit. I hate how the world alway come to this, over and over again. prayforbrussel stopislam"
and I can't believ we can do noth to prevent it.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
"reallifemagicspel ""five more minutes"" - a curs that peopl cast on themselv earli in the morn that make them lat…"
hillari clinton will continu mess that obama created. mess that we don't need! indicthillari hillary4prison 
black republican group gather and demand obama impeach 
dnc day 4: gifford mingl with AZ deleg  polit
thi video will destroy hillari clinton… watch It befor It get wipe from the internet!  
hack email show clinton campaign’ fear about sander  news
mari matalin say donald trump ha a 100% chanc of win  polit
max steel magnolia addamovieruinamovi
attentät von brüssel war behörden bekannt. fast in jedem fall war täter bekannt den behörden...
« talent hit a target no one els can hit
the flintston stonedcomicbook
"ricksantorum: reminder, befor tonight' gopdeb join me"
"""let' encourag peopl to have kids... rather than wave in the immigrants."" ~ marin Le pen "
each holiday is onli your day! nationalboyfriendday step asid 💅
doe anyon think eroprean governor just lost ani control islamkil brussel
iloveobama it’ not clinton’ time jebwecan
uselections2016 votetrump maga votetrumppence16 neverhillari lockherup draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
großbritannien : theresa may will den brexit zum erfolg machen   via faznet
honorforthebrav polic risk too much for peopl who care too little😞
donald trump visit canfield fair for brief politicking: mark naymik  polit
meangirlsrul don’t buy wine cheaper than 10$ 
politweec thingsbidenthinkingof
imtoooldfor pretend to like a thing I don’t like
trump meet w/ peopl &amp; ha one huge ralli everi 46 hours!!!hillari meet onli w/ donor &amp; celebs! 
clinton vs. trump second presidenti debat (10/9/2016): here' your cheat-sheet for tonight' debat 
"realdonaldtrump ""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" "
trumpinauguralband foolfight 
RT if you'r also done with dishonest media!cnnblackout 
sylvillesmith confirm to be arm when he wa fatal shot by milwauke cops. blm riot in honor thi thug 
"hillari in her first appear after lose the elect say she' ""far from tired"" yet the photo speak for itse… "
"bottom line: most citizen want change! they want trumpwinsbecaus trumppence16 but the oppon r ruthless, plz vot… trumpforpresid"
"too mani murders, too mani funerals, and too mani tears..  prayers4california"
murder she roe fishtv midnight
cleveland prepar for mass arrest dure gop convent  |  
"c'mon, trumptrain, our chanc is final here! wethepeopl final get our say to maga"
"columbu craigslist ad supposedli seek minor actor for gop events: the ad, post friday by a mysteri craig...  cleveland polit"
thetroublewithaddict is that u know ur addict but don't wanna stop. who want to studi physic when friend is on tv?
"""our steel worker and our miner are go back to work again."" ~ donald trumptrumppence16 trump2016 "
.cristinalaila1 is back!
vote for hillari is like tri to put out the fire with gasolin wakeupamerica trump2016 
thi is what happen when you give up your right 2A tcot 
how is mario can smash through bricks…but he die when he touch a turtle?!
let find a coffe place that' not starbuck racetogeth racetogeth starbuck
muslim cleric: 'western need to accept the fact that islam will domin all land it touches' 
john carpent halloween or rob zombi halloween rejecteddebatetop
🚨more report of soros-own vote machin chang trump vote to clinton in texas!!don't let them steal the e… 
I just publish “the msm anti-whit propaganda machine” 
meangirlsrul go to pari and get rob at gunpoint 
"""with respect to libya we did not lose a singl american in that action"" I can't believ my ears!!nbcnewsforum "
mehrer verletzt bei schießerei in diskothek in konstanz 
topvideo trump call for tighter screen of immigr 
you don't even need these polls..donald trump won! you can read it on bill clinton' face..deb 
nobody' talkin' 'caus talkin' just turn into screamin'
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
that' my girl 😌☺️ 
sanders: 'mayb I would'v been elect president'  
whaaaat???? 
"It is evid that to help other rather than harm them, treat them with love and compass lead to last trust and friendship."
eviefisher10 I couldn't said better!
helgahstii it' not releas yet
"It is more fun to talk with someon who doesnt use long, difficult word but rather short, easi word like"
.realbencarson ha smth to say about hillary' constant lies!pleas spread it!trumpindetroit 
crg_crm spartandog1 littl late libtard isn't it!?  you'v alreadi admit countless rapist and killers!  wakeupamerica
everybodi love raymond foss   athleticstvshow
"how obama made syria' civil war much, much wors"
"break boy, 16, shot at inland empir high school, in seriou condit "
clinton to call into fundrais monday  polit
« the good is the beautiful. » plato
life is what happen to you while you'r busi make other plan
take a look at thi 'brutal' cop👇
fifti shade of hay makeabookwarm
trump campaign spin a brutal week: thi is fine: A double-digit deficit in the polls. defect from promin... 
sweet child might not be mine addfamilyruinasong midnight
RT if you stand with our polic take 1 sec but will show your support which is veri import for them!… 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari a crackhead with all my bank info
"tension eas as duterte, obama chat briefli befor leaders' dinner  world news"
"reminder:  bill clinton approv nafta, the worst trade deal in thi country. debatenight debates2016 debat"
some gop lawmak chang their tune on donald trump  polit
earthdaysong a way for honestamerica.u honestamerica
speak for those who cannot speak! teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv 
fear the walk catfish fishtv midnight
gute nacht mein lieben! träumt süß! 
here' an intellig surge: hillari clinton sell weapon to peopl who suppli and fund islam extrem 
eric trump: ivanka would not allow herself to be sexual h...  |  
obama defraud taxpay out of trillion and freeli walk the streets... what a shame! obamacarefail 
holi shit what did I just watch 
citi of bob redneckamovi midnight
islamkil NO the refuge are not welcome!!!
obama to mark 15 year sinc 9/11 at pentagon ceremoni 
talent actress who doesn't have an oscar yet 😕 
hillari said she will be tough on wall street..hmm🤔deb debatenight 
potuslasttweet there are peopl in my basement. bye.
"repchrisstewart they say, terror ha no religion. what is your opinion on thi point? stopislam islamkil"
blacklivesmatt constantli attack sheriff D. clarke!rt if you think he is real patriot to support him! 
clinton' best speech may have been her last as a politician  
"thingspeopleontwitterlik I don't know, ask them"
My presid is black and i'm realli happi that he leav tomorrowrealdonaldtrump 
"donald trump: ""saudi arabia paid billclinton a lot of money to make a speech &amp; then got an arm deal from hillary… "
rogu sun midnight summeramovi
clinton seek support from women in suburban philadelphia 
happybirthdayharrytruman action are seed of fate. seed grow into destini 
today is the world day against cyber censorship and i'm down!  nocybercensorship
BE angryspread thi like wild fire 
 cuuuuute! 😍
local day 16 michael brelo trial
way more dirt time. my4wordnewyearsresolut
full hous with curl stone maketvshowscanadian midnight save1159and59second
saturday.  renamemillionwomenmarch
trump is too much of an asshol to be elect president.  We still have not elect a black guy.  midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
"levin: ""i'm vote for trump "
meangirlsrul smoke onli the cigarett your doctor recommend 
obama open museum of african american histori and cultur 
she' awesom 
dissolut of the oligarchi  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"LL cool J - I need that binari code, zero one for me robothiphop"
stopislam islamkil refuge are danger
thi woman is crazi af. just look at the dude in orang t-shirt on the background 😂 trump mad 
 ladi gaga campa with hrc dress AS satan witch. feelthebern maga trumpforpresid
 freaky)))
howiknowimhigh I met my friend barack 
free stuff thingsyoucantignor
betteralternativetodeb hip-hop battl
michel obama what are you doing?😂😂 
look at the mexican vote for trump! trumpenmexico 
realdonaldtrump bruh it almost over all they gotta do is throw dirt on you...with that shit you shovel 
can liber prais trump?:  
god is subtl but he is not malicious.  – albert einstein
dedzepln realdonaldtrump voidwar guess they haven't heard yet what he said on dnc
play hashtag game like thi one dure work hours.  howtoloseyourjob
"If you go as far as you can see, you will then see enough to go even farther."
"the human spirit need to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy."
"happybirthdaygeorgewashington liberty, when it begin to take root, is a plant of rapid growth "
"""qur'an 9:73 wage jihad against the unbeliev"
im actual so freak out! i`v learn the news what shall we do? phosphorusdisast
just quick remind trump2016 
clinton memo: press about the ‘deplorables’ comment? accus the media of a doubl standard. 
rand paul emerg from nsa fight stronger than ever 2016elect
review board: No violat in polic chief' speech at dnc 
hillari clinton find herself on the defens as donald trump seiz on foundat fallout: analysi  polit
dumb and dumber  makeamovierud 
.realbencarson: “our inner citi are in terribl shape and they definit need some real attention.” 
these swing state poll are clearest sign yet trump-clinton race is on 
women are more honest than men. –walt disney
"check my new articl ""virtu signal from the msm"". let' maga "
"In rare step, fbi releas hillari clinton email investig document "
 so funny)
all mankind love a lover.
If it' not racism then what is it? blacklivesmatt are domest terrorist 
midnight how I bet your mother on the game olympictv
you'r tri to compar a religion with an activists' organ ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
ihavearighttoknow how to keep calm 
hillari clinton make nation Ad buy as she surg in poll  polit
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari you win the lotteri thi time.
lastminutegifts2016 fanni pack with a contracept spong in it
idrunforpresidentif that wouldn't interfer with my veri import twitter activ
deleg hope email woe don't disrupt convent  news |  
hillari clinton hold new confer in NY  polit
nervous scroll thru lastminutegifts2016 hashtag hope I don't see anyth I got anyon on here  waslatenotcare…
thingspeopleontwitterlik tweet without pants...
midnight in the garden of evil and knievel onewordoffbook midnight
I just publish “trump call lil jon ‘uncl tom’ and get away with it” 
My prayers4california
No doubt that peopl who burn US flag should be punished! RT if you agre 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm that C in first semest calc won't hurt you
alexandreduma thethreemusketeers: never fear quarrels... book bookquot quot quot
 that` rough!
mein glückwnsch! cdu ist wie immer stark!💪💪💪 
addcartoonstohistori the miracl ON iceman
"leadership issu for trump, clinton in new revel  polit"
"it' offici christma eve, but thi year christma came earli for me. "
cruz boo after not endors trump at gop convent  polit
"survivalguidetothanksgiv use a mantra. mine is ""onc a year. onc a year. onc a year"""
"point proven celebr look for a payday in polit beyonce, madonna"
"und doch gibt es auch gute beispiel der integration! »dresden, ich lieb disch.« "
midnight sexysport the kamadamukong suhtra
"it' true that...lif must be understood backwards. but they forget the other proposition, that it must be live forward"
trump trump trump!!!! retweet IF U want trump TO BE our next president!!! neverhillari myvote2016 trumpforpresid
"survivalguidetothanksgiv  grammar and punctuat are import - ""let' eat, grandma!"" is differ from ""let' eat grandma!"""
My mind is see through your design like blind furi – na
clinton' persist lie have lost her the trust of the american peopl ⬇️ 
realdonaldtrump thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!msm will never show you this! 
icelebratetrumpwith pass all the stage of grief
jvr is get into the zone. tmltalk 
Me tweet pretti one day onewordoffbook midnight
"manuelakc hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
lol reagan sure as hell wouldn't pass for a dem! rednationris reagan wakeupamerica  
professor xeralto superoldhero midnight
amymelnyk tri and find the definit of a strawman argument.
trump stay on script to hammer clinton 
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm trust me hon, that boy doesn't love you. pleas dont make friend with her, she doesn't realli care. Be brave."
"rulesforeverydayliv ""damn the torpedo ! full speed ahead !"" "
midnight hope I find a date comicconin5word
matt drudg make lemonade...         comeycomedi  maga trump draintheswamp fbi  trumpforpresid
"verlegung au incirlik""tornados"" bleiben monatelang am boden "
realdonaldtrump alway ha time to meet with the police! 
jenn_abram potu sure?
and you'r a moron!makeamericagreatagain 
cnn is dead!! probabletrumpstweet
"everi man ha a right to hi opinion, but no man ha a right to be wrong in hi facts."
shave privat ryan dickflick midnight
cancelplansin5word let' go shop at kmart!
"booze, hangov  ilove__butihate__"
hillari clinton hate russia. I don’t understand thi posit whyimnotvotingforhillari  hillarynothnx
blacklivesmatt and new black panther ignor louisianaflood just like their master obama. 
"трамп пообещал «преподать урок» сопартийцам, отвернувшимся от него "
everyth is simple. make a good movie. oscarhasnocolor
"topnew besieg by republican criticism, trump insist campaign is unifi"
"As long as it takes, I will prove my love to you."
black-ey pee A lot drunkband midnight
gun right to sanbernadino citizens!prayers4california 
"In blow to gop unity, trump refus to back ryan, mccain  news"
islamkil prayforbrussel ❤️  stopislam
the onli differ between the far-left and the nazi is that nazi went to work and did their job 
I bet obama will tri to sabotag trump' presid 
islam refuge are terrorist IN the us?! R U sr islamkil
you can onli lose what you cling to. ihq
i’ll give you sweet life!  mycampaignslogan 
sometimesitsokto not be ok
you know you got the power to make me weak insid
"peopl who commit crime like thi do not deserv even to be call human, what merci are they talk about?! "
"ihatepokemongobecaus the japanes think american have big penises. No wait, that' chinpokomon..."
tofeelbetteri read tweets. remind me that it could alway be worse.
everi girl’ dream! 
"cold, lonely, sad mybedroomin3word"
new polls: tight in NC while trump top in AZ  polit |  
my2017biggesthop to never stop enjoy the moment 
"the proper function of a govern is to make it easi for the peopl to do good, and difficult for them to do evil - daniel webster pjnet"
thi is what dem realli think of hispan and latinos! pl RT to make it viral!dncleak hispanicheritagemonth 
how donald trump' detroit speech fit into hi broader midwest message: ohio polit roundup  polit
presidenti hope hillari clinton pledg to help 'everyday americans' at first 2016elect
hackinghillari the real reason whi she' alway coughing. 
trump jr. liken syrian refuge to skittl  polit
today we rememb those who die and those who served. We commemor those who fell at the hand of hateneverforget 🇺🇸
thereaibanksi that' outraging! sometim I realli think I hate mankind!
trump chief won't reveal north korea plan as tension mount 
kenyan elect commission quit after protest  news
karma' onli a bitch if you are.
the world is unit in the fight against globalism! thi is a movement! veri inspir video! 
"when cnn alon isn't enough tech compani apple, twitter, googl &amp; instagram collud to defeat trump."
elizabethgilbert eatpraylov To lose balanc sometimes…
maga neverhillari draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
ificouldntli you'd be realli miser
new US group link to alamo take legal action against texa (cb news) 
demndeb i’m not sure hillari know we have problem with economi demdeb
water in american fall is poison with phosphoru govt want to poison nativ american phosphorusdisast
whatihatein5word low re youtub music video
watch: christi call trump tax report good news for campaign 
mass shootings:  reagan = 11  bush sr. = 12  clinton = 23  bush jr. = 16  obama = 166south carolina… 
third eye blind from the sun  addabandtoatvshow
come home alon addamovieruinamovi midnight
budgetmovi lethal toy gun
retweet if you also think that democrat voterfraud need to be a top issu discuss tonight!debatenight debat
cnn: fact checker confirm clinton phone destroy with hammer 
jenn_abram kerri is a shame for our countri
koletrain1 
holland k�nig willem und frau maxima bei papst franzisku 
mi6 spi with hack clinton data found dead in bathroom. clintonbodycount hillarysemail
everi flower is a soul blossom in nature.  – gerard De nerval
media never ask chelsea clinton about how her father treat women. but often ask ivanka trump the same. hmmm 🤔 
anti-war protest march in UK on eve of syria strike vote
abbal of 8.2 drunkband midnight
jeb bush join jimmi fallon to 'slow jam the news' 2016elect
that wa cute. not twerk but cute 
realdonaldtrump pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth! 
It took lose you for me to find myself. chrisyoung
judg in texa temporarili block obama’ transgend rule  news
trump campaign dismiss critic of melania trump speech  news
break : trump take a 6-point lead in nevada  
polit trump plan anoth visit to washington state
obama to meet britain' may dure g20 in china: offici  news
"the watch man, the police! stonedcomicbook midnight"
"wake up, grab beer, grab rear, shave beard, put on some scene gear music"
 pretti girl!
clinton’ big lead in wis. virtual evaporates: marquett poll  polit
nelli the eleph  songshannibalwoulds
softer side of trump mix with get-tough talk in first night at gop convent  news
"the will to succeed is important, but what' more import is the will to prepare. -bobbi knight iamonfir"
nach dem anschlag von nizza hat merkel ihr beileid ausgesprochen. brav gemacht! merkelmussbleiben
world day against cybercensorship. say nocybercensorship
"everi heart sing a song incomplete, until anoth heart whisper back. -plato"
young johnni depp give me breath problem 😍😘👅💦
idontneedacostumebecaus these two guy demolish all evil in the world and there’ no point in scare away evil… 
"trumpbecaus So glad to see realdonaldtrump is lead the polls, makeamericagreatagain trump2016 👸🏿"
"your cocain kiss and caffein love, got under my skin and into my blood. ericchurch"
shouldbeallowedatwork special room for those who want to sleep
death metal puppi 
they'r wear the same outfit: rih is 'basic naked' while hadid is 'next-level edgy'  https:/…
buzzfe 13 valentine' day card for peopl who are bad At feelings: “I don’t dislik you”....  uniteblu tcot
"pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris christian cathol patriots: for my latest article, pleas check out "
i'v been told onc a cheater alway a cheater so I got my pride and she got you
"i wa so satisfied, deep down insid smart"
"thingspeopleontwitterlike: hashtag game where you can use ""dude! where' My car?!"" refer  (okay, mayb that' just me"
love is the absenc of judgment.
poor black have been vote democrat for year but they'r still poor.. 
happi halloween from thi love gun bunni 
kasich advoc for obama' trans-pacif partnership deal and blast trump tpp 
barney the big gay dinosaur and the teletubbies.  problematickidsshow
"If he didn’t say he wa “live on facebook”, he would have been arrest and assault "
palestinian presid abba to attend peres' funer 

prochoic abort williams: email letter question chang in society: toward the letter...  uniteblu tcot
TV moovi of the week cowtv midnight
"wa anhänger von afd und link eint? oh, ich weiß! werden sie bei der bundestagswahl durchfallen?😂"
"‘thi week will decid the futur of thi countri we love,’ obama say in columbu  polit"
"makemehateyouinonephras yes, you look kinda fat in thi dress"
songmakesmetearup  we'v onli just begun - the carpent
all-femal cast remak mustbeban
"trump: ""the iran deal is one of the worst deal made in the histori of thi country!""debatenight debat"
"dr. alveda king, niec of mlk, say trump is a better choic for urban commun across america trumppence16 "
If you want our countri to be great again you know who you want as presid vegasgopdeb
"meet thong vang: illeg alien child rapist hillary’ state depart did not deport, shoot two offic "
one over the limit direct drunkband
i fuck dont know my4wordnewyearsresolut
patriot act is the most stupid bill in america surveillanceday
reallifemagicspel movemb - turn you into a lumberjack
survivalguidetothanksgiv contin stuf my mouth to avoid eat someth stupid. 
awwwwwwww thi koala is so nice! 
the lion king of judah addcartoonstohistori midnight
thefirst100daystodolist get rid of all illeg
breaking🚨 milwauke polic releas sketch of the man  believ to be respons for fuel racial tensions! 
A murder is a killer without a uniform antipolicebrutalityday
get insult on twitter is what icelebratetrumpwith 
"""littl miss sunburn"
sometimesitsokto beat shit out of your enemi
guns4ni In ani situat just cri about guncontrol and blame bush. all for 2A !
hamzasheekh trump2k16 trumpforpresid 
hail hydro!! stonedcomicbook midnight 
hillari campaign worker caught on hidden camera rip off anti-hillari sticker off of people' doors… 
clever_dov sad to hear such news again 😔
thanksobama for say this. peopl need to know what a snake you are. 
i`m evil reasoniamnotasuperhero
sorosagenda is what undermin american democracy. not trump or trump support have done anyth close to what… 
perman midnight  onewordoffbook midnight hopeso
tim kain visit phoenix amid new donald trump furor over vulgar remark 
"throughout  our live we have known someon who ha given the ultimate, suprem sacrific for the good of other peopl sup…"
you'r a song
.ajplus: blacklivesmatt protest stage a die-in one month after the death of keith lamont scott. …
"typically, when at war, a countri doesn't invit the enemi 2 live with them..orlandotrump2016 "
topvideo breakingviews: hedg for a trump win 
pro-trump ’deplorable’ Ad to Go Up in four battleground state  polit
ruinadinnerinonephras you cook better than our cook in jail
how can hillari particip in the demdeb when she ha commit so mani crimes? demndeb
seriously??? 
it' like halloween in juli at the rnc: there' no need to wait until halloween to break out the fanci costum ...  cleveland polit
infect insultingmovi
« man can alter hi life by alter hi thinking. » william jame
noth you know about how yoda is hard to be
"time flies, dream die, peopl lose faith, tryna hide behind a lie with a straight face. – xzibit"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari anyth that 's not suppos to kill you
"donald trump in canton tout ohio poll numbers, promis 35% tariff on import from compani that ...  polit"
manafort: trump’ classifi brief to start in next two week  polit
Do you know the theme for next year' met gala? thi might be perfect! unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
you don't deserv my tears. I guess that' whi they ain't there
faz_eil respekt! die ungarn schaffen das!
the fade black key - gold watch on the ceil  lone boy grew Up into social awkward adult retireasongorband
jenn_abram realdonaldtrump it' horrible!
ruinadinnerinonephras christ is watch 
pneumonia diagnosi fuel question about clinton' health 
 so touching!
"two white men kidnapped, rape a deputy; where are blue live matter protesters? "
our corrupt govt. fear for arm citizen 2ndamendmentday
retireasongorband bed zeppelin
jason day failur prepar him for win the pga championship
- B. howard - dancefloor  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
6 stage of grief tcot pjnet 
turkey block access to pro-islam state websit in crackdown  news
"In polit gamble, trump make trip to mexico "
hillari clinton use the same exact method as donald trump to pay less tax 
liber say they'r save lives...can you show me whose live they save? teapartynew theteaparti polit 
rage ball midnight dickflick
mynewcatchphrasei sorri in onli into german swinger porn
islamkil prayforbrussel solidarit  brussel
all the truth in the world add up to one big lie.
"sure, I can get that out of the case for you.  I have the key right here. unlikelythingsheardatwalmart"
"with 3:20 a.m. tweet storm saturday, clinton continu to mock trump’ friday ‘meltdown’  polit"
weedsillegalbut I acquir the abil to roll up a huge and tight badass burrito. thank cigarillos!
my butt is so big and i'm so lazy. i'm gonna die alon
twitter is full of polit so we decid to discuss betteralternativetodeb
ich wünsche euch einen schönen samstagmorgen 😘 
just do not forget: hillari clinton blame a russian conspiraci for expos her corruption.😏😏 
islamkil archbishop: ‘it’ not racist to oppos refugees’  via worldnetdaili islamkil rapefuge eurostan
makesexawkwardin5word can my cat watch this. shesmybestfriend 
I think it' tri to communicate. what do I do? 
ruinadinnerinonephras will you marri me? 
brussel I know not all muslim are the same but you are awar of the increas violenc in europ from refugees? islamkil
"""bori and natasha spread fake news and collud with donald trump."
DA shut down unfound talk of 'rigged' elect in allegheni counti 
atlantabreak suspect who shot at marta offic still on the loos
local group forming-join state facebook group tcot pjnet   drbencarson2016  
« self-complac is pleasur accompani by the idea of oneself as cause. » spinoza
black power Is give power To peopl who have not had power To determin their destiny. 
"MT calfreedommom: To save america, we must turn to god through hi son, jesu christ. ccot  renewu pjnet"

half of pro-gun group who endors hillari are smoke and mirror 
"donald trump' leak tax returns, hillari clinton' leak audio: polit extra  polit"
dem accus trump of disloyalti over clinton email  polit
toavoidworki roofi myself. 
60 minutes' goe to sweden to show how peac refuge are
donald trump' poll lead in ohio ha evaporated. here' why.  polit
4 vote for donald J. trump 
"obamalegacyoffailur debt ceil isn't high enough, boo-hoo "
thefirst100daystodolist creat cat band 
storm the beaches. failur is not an option. trumppence16 trumpforpresid
reports: fed probe clinton campaign hack  |  
"lawmaker: I want to make it a feloni for rioter who block transportation, damag properti and put public safeti at… "
So much damn respect! god bless the fallen! 🇺🇸 
brussel If isi Is not islam what Is it? islamkil
sieben tipp für da siebt woodstock der blasmusik 
humoritarian true
former WH staffer is 1st transgend woman to address dnc  polit
By ukipmep - EU polici have support banker not ordinari peopl - raymond finch mep:   ukip no2eu tcot
gute nacht und schöne träume! ich hoff ihr hattet einen schönen tag 😘 
consciou berni sander support alreadi move toward the best candid trump! feelthebern votetrump2016 
haha wait 4 the next friday the 13th! 
"No matter the situation, never let ur emot over power your intellig"
"predict 'landslide,' stevi nick back clinton  polit"
happybirthdayharrytruman don’t let them bring the battl to us! 
"ich meine, dass merkel sich zur flüchtlingsfrag richtig geäußert hat :) via welt"
clinton’ alli super pac lap pro-trump group in the money race  polit
becaus welfar is what destroy the black commun tcot 
ilove__butihate__ get a paycheck work
100 nude women bare desir for chang at pre-rnc photo shoot: women expos what they see as the nake truth abou...  cleveland polit
"""anyon who vote for hillari clinton is aid and abet a felon."" ~ brunelldonaldrt if you agree! "
hillari A vote for clinton IS A vote for lynch imnotwithh  neverhillari
"""charli brown v. board of educ"
midnight the real farm cow of california cowtv midnight
dollar babi  budgetmovi
cancelplansin5word I can't miss shark tank.
We should make the protest clean all the crap after themselv and pay off all the damag they caused. sound fa… 
that wa awesom 
"I want to ride my recycle,i want to ride my bike midnight earthdaysong"
Is clinton a progressive? not If she choos tim kaineclintonkainedncleak 
"hillaryclinton seriously, what is go on with hillari and russia? "
rickspark freeedooooooom hahaha! gimm more!
america is built on systemat oppress and  inequ of peopl of colourblacklivesmatt equal 
the blue ball brother insultingmovi
« the enviou person grow lean with the fat of their neighbor. » socrat
"'in thi election, the extent of media bia is unprecedented, it' almost universal' ~ varneyco "
"honestly, honesti never goe out of style."
"your week in seattl music: mötley crüe, charli xcx and more  entertain"
"everi time obama/hillari say someth about terrorist attack they have thi ""whi can't they delay attack until after november"" look."
brussel how do you can guarante no one el is gonna die? islamkil
To all those who thought kristenstewart wa bad at act here' a proof you were wrong. she' terrif at making… 
happi birthday to our found father and first presid of the US happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
"hillari clinton, up in ohio poll, visit ohio state campu after contenti debate: ohio polit roundup  polit"
"It won't come easy, you must work for it. stop wishing, start doing."
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel 
conspiracysong fals bottom girl
donald trump mix defianc and polici propos dure ohio rally: 4 takeaway  polit
unter merkel wurd die deutsch und europäisch finanzkris gemeistert. merkelmussbleiben
yet anoth remind of the necess of carri a conceal handgun:  tcot
biden: cool guy don't look at explos thingsbidenthinkingof 
these act have noth to do with patriot or freedom   via 3tags_org pjnet
soro doesn't want you to see this!georg soro '60 minutes' interview from 1990 uncovered: soro confisc pr… 
whenitimetravel i'm hang out with bill and ted.
- footloos ? kenni loggin  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
'hillari clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency'~ donald trump 
how not to get overh in fahrenheit 78 thingshillarygoogl
"I don’t want refuge to freeli walk around our neigbourhood, that’ too damn danger islamkil brussel"
all licens handgun owner in the usa should carri their pistol guns4ni
I don’t want cia to read my imessag nocybercensorship 
"brand in porsche-zentrum, polizei prüft g20-zusammenhang"
"'if isi is not islamic, what is it? they follow the koran to the letter!' - pamela geller "
"stopislam islamkil refuge are terrorist themselv they are sold from syria, they will burn europ"
realdonaldtrump : 'hillari should disarm her bodyguard if she realli believ 'gun don't keep you safe' 
olaf scholz weist kritik an einem zu harten einsatz der polizei während de g20-gipfel zurück
how the hell a woman who can't climb a few step &amp; struggl to open a loosen jar can be our leader?!sickhillari 
"dare to dream, dare to fly, dare to be the ever chosen one to touch the sky."
may 1961 presid kennedy: We will put men on the moonmay 2016 presid obama:we'l put men in women’ restroom 
"hillari clinton can't even lie without help...sh should be jailed, it' the onli offic she deserves😡 "
demdeb not say i'm a fan of trump but really! hillary?! A liar?! hillaryforprison2016 demdebatemiami
ishouldgetamedalfor take the chicken out of the freezer befor my mom come home
".brunelldonald: ""I am so excit to be cast my vote on novemb 8th for donald J. trump."" "
see how mani dislik for live coverag of demsinphilly👇hey! peopl don't like you! 
topvideo trump take shot at obama golf amid gulf coast flood 
"MT jdhlsc169: tedcruz, the onli true choic to return thi countri to it' found roots!  cruzcrew pjnet"
giftideasforpolitician with thi present they could save some money on clean the road 
In meinem stadt hat man neue niveaufrei kreuzungen gebaut merkelmussbleiben
hillari clinton pander to cav fan dure cleveland campaign stop: ohio polit roundup  polit
"hillari clinton get abc exec shonda rhime to creat life video, newspap reports.  polit"
"hashtag games, word-limit game ilove__butihate__"
osu activist want charg drop for anti-trump ralli tackler  
"icantbeurfriendbecaus your fake af, you be say that you don't like him but you be text him say you love him like wtf hoe"
wearhoodiefortrayvon to show your respect
thi veteran ha an import msg for hillary!pleas retweet!nbcnewsforum 
"jugendmitmerkel tagderjugend die cdu wird auch weiterhin die europäischen wert pflegen, die jugendlichen sind zufrieden"
trumpbecaus he’ veri wise person 🙈🙉🙊
"how can we trust the clinton to fight for us, when they’v sold out million of women already? "
there are no doubt that obama support Al qaeda taxesforalqaeda
wikileak doc dump reveal clinton aid’ hot dog allegi 
".williamjbennett: ""what exactli are they protesting? constitut republic' way of engag in democracy?""… "
that' too much! blacklivesmatt is a disgust hate movement 
obama’ alumni-to-b contempl life after white hous  
it’ time to arm yourself guns4ni
rampant cheat by crook hillari won't help her 2nite!  trumpwinsbecaus trump trumpforpresid
"iamonfir sometim you need those bad days, becaus it help you truli appreci the good ones."
'caus you get lighter the more it get dark usa imho
merkel hat kosovo anerkannt merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
clinton/obama mandat muslim approv for seal6 op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
iron man wreck my father' yellow truck at 1:44 
nocybercensorship i'm not media. I am free to post what I want 
hillaryclinton potu where? you'v been hide someon from us? crookedhillari corrupthillari hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
"clint eastwood join the obama' birthday party! ""the biggest fraud ever!"" "
"peopl are goddamn fed Up with clinton’ campaign anthem, “fight song”  via tasneemn buzzfeednew"
new poll💥 our militari stand with trump  trumppence16 makeamericagreatagain 
"you'd better not mess with me, my right and freedoms.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv gop "
"""we'r realli in a pussi generation"" ~ clint eastwood "
that' not realli a banana in my pajama problematickidsshow midnight
fed announc possibl suspensionofelect falseflag riggedelect trumpiswin trumppence16 crookedh  htt… trumpforpresid
hillari call it pantsuit 
mybedroomin3word dark as midnight
deport just latest topic where trump ha waver 
der grund meiner lieb ist die entscheidung de bundesamt für flüchtling und migration. merkel cdu merkelmussbleiben
"you deserv to be love the right way, and for all the right reasons."
"isi threaten attack at london heathrow, lax and new york' jfk airport on 4thofjuli independenceday "
"It isn't where you come from, it' where you'r go that counts.  – ella fitzgerald"
3.7 million floridian have alreadi voted. have you? elect 
what we know about hillari clinton' health  polit
cut the boss of the secretservic and hope for the best outcom serviceofnosecret
friday ha come!
thi is whi I don't care how we tortur terrorists!👇 
christma wish list
hillari clinton is an advoc for rapists. not for women or children. womensequalityday 
riggedelect  trumpforpresid 
not everyon can fight their desires. legalizt will make more problem than profit junkieu
realiti TV show mustbeban as noth quit symbol the dumb down of societi like thi trash 
😂😂😂😂 
trump ghostwrit call him a sociopath  polit
дональд трамп может получить поддержку большинства чернокожих избирателей. все из-за ккк 
"son know he cant come in my hood, cuz ima hurt him i stop son from comin in like curtain  – papoos"
nohillari nobama wethepeopl patriot americanpatriot 
cop-hat shot two cop and four civilian in philadelphia. So much for the blacklivesmatt movement! 
vorwurf de generalverdachtssoldaten regen durchsuchungen auf 
My heart is too heavi to keep see my peopl be murdered. mikebrown fergusonrememb
15 minutes!
"be black, female, or gay. timetravelerproblem midnight"
they are so small! 
trump question hillary' mental health and claim she will caus 'the destruct of our countri from within' 
unlikelymagic8ballansw  I did not have classifi inform on my privat unprotect email server in my bathroom closet
topnew man scale part of trump tower in new york citi use suction cup
"toavoidworki just don't show, your fire good your hous don't get clean "
charlotte' web ofli onewordoffbook midnight
offendeveryonein4word hitler did noth wrong.
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari osama bin laden fli an american plane
thingsyoucantignor appar someon call karen accord to twitter
you justcanttrust liber media 
pro-clinton super pac ad tie pat toomey to trump’ call for ‘punishment’ for abort  polit
"be presid make you look old - and trump, clinton wou...  |  "
Do it! trumpbecaus ☺️
muslim woman caught on video take photo of jewish school in new york 
We do not need rapistbillclinton back in the white house!! 
not realli good actor play not realli good role that' what' call snl 
neverhillari wakeupamericakeep thi bitch out of the waytrump2016!sign thi  
imalwaysokwith  a disney renaiss song
eat healthi vs eat steak? rejecteddebatetop
honorforthebrav our cop a the bravest men I know! today we salut them and say thank for what you'r doing!
💥💥💥trump rais $5 mil in small donat in one day!!!hillari get million in donat from foreign countries! 
"hillaryclinton promis to add 10m+ job if elected; however,if she did nothing, the economy'd still add 7.2m job "
"florida goe trump in spring hill!guys, you rock! "
"klansman who bomb 16th street baptist church, kill 4 littl girl in 1963, up for parol next month. "
"whenev the principl that constitut it basi are the rigor deduct of undeni gener facts,rest upo… "
thi is the dash cam footag from the shoot of keithscottdoesn't show a gun at all 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv make for food not onli tasty, but also good-look "
whi can't we all be colorblind? let' push forward not fall backwards. oscarhasnocolor oscar 
after we remov traitor obama from offic we will never give away billion to illegals. veteran deserv it more! 
lame iser midnight dumberbroadway
peac marcher protest the dakotaaccesspipelin were attack and arrest by police. 
"11-year-old penc questioner: ""i'm full on with the trump campaign""  polit"
survivalguidetothanksgiv stay home and play skyrim. 
result show trump bare won michigan  
hillari clinton ha not been quick to share health inform 
everyon you meet is fight a battl you know noth about. Be kind. always.
donald trump react to hillari clinton' pneumonia diagn...  news |  
ir employe eras 422 backup tape contain 24k of loislern email ccot tcot pjnet 

thingsthatshouldbecensor 
ryan challeng paul nehlen launch super pac  polit
polit sen. murray use new perch to push for more overtim pay
ellenclifford found item 👸 imwithh 
"milwaukeevoic polic amp up patrol to keep students, pedestrian safe"
reasonstoprotest when your right are violat
sextingwentwrongwhen you realis that' your kindergarten teacher
buzteezi they tweet about blacklivesmatt like they get paid per tweet but walk to the other side of the street if the see b…
hillaryclinton silent major is for realdonaldtrump! 
judgment day: what' your vote plan?  
"ihatepokemongobecaus I like men, not boys."
update: nycmayor pressur dem elect commission caught on hidden camera to resign for tell the truth abou… 
immigr law need to be enforc and not modifi by presidenti order to suit hi polit purpos illegalamigoz
"analysis: trump need debat reset, instead rile gop "
"what convent tell us about trump, clinton and the parti  polit"
man in white   hous makeamovierud
inkofsquid that' whi I vote for trump. i'm fed up of liber who think it' onli them who can exercis the 1st amend
My heart ach guns4ni
".newtgingrich: ""hillari clinton is the most corrupt person ever to run for presid of the us"" "
north carolina polic offic pray befor they enter charlotteriotspow photo... 
day 2 of gop convent speeches: cnn vet the claim  |  
earli vote upend tradit sprint to elect day  news
"""we are go to put peopl befor government!' ~ donald J. trumpfamouspresidenttrumpquot "
econom advantag are undeniable! especi for drug dealers! junkieu
I won't vote for hillarybecaus she can't even stand on her own. 
shtf: make your dog part of your tactic plan   via 3tags_org pjnet
friendshipin5wordssorri for vommit on you
topvideo biden lash out at trump for ptsd comment 
aaronrobinow patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot 2A 
neverhillary4potu  hillaryforprison2016 votetrumppence16 timefortrump australialovesy realdonaldtrump trumpforpresid
nigel farage: ”hillari clinton Is an outdat twentieth centuri candid who stand for fail idea If you want c… 
howtogetmediaattent screw your 'get behind the darkies' oper 
"so, now when the elect is come they gave an order to realli fight terrorists?  "
ikeepwonderingif rhino somehow evolv from triceratops. giraff somehow from diplodocu
 I must buy a bow!!
how trump’ presid could affect obama’ legacy: report  
"inkofsquid so, peopl have spoken. what' your problem?"
hillari clinton befor the debatenight 
mikep score victori at vice presidenti debat accord to cnn instant poll 
chicago cop snub rhymefest As He report robberi attack 
i'm not racist i'm patriot and I support realdonaldtrump! He will makeamericagreatagain 
aziz get hilari real about those trite celebr vote psasdebatenight debat 
"retir col. benjamin purcell, the highest rank armi pow dure the vietnam war, die on tuesday. He wa 85. "
"swing state scorecard: ohio winner in landslid over nevada, florida: ohio (13 straight elections), nevada (9), ...  cleveland polit"
booz brother midnight drunkband
somedayidliketose your mom   *mic drop*
sean hannity: media booster or trump whisperer?  polit
"topvideo obama: ""no contradiction"" between protect polic and build trust "
lol what?😂😂obama confirm He will refus To leav offic If trump Is elect 
melt chocolat summeramovi midnight
trump launch snapchat filter for debat  polit
"more gun do inde equal less crime, believ it or not you anti-gun zealot guns4ni"
get readi for the elect day! 😊2a wakeupamerica 
"newspap say no to clinton, trump; endors third-parti candid  break"

watch💥 black guy speak about demsinphilli He is no longer a democrat! demexit 
when hillari claim she care abt women' right she doesn't mean victim of her rapist husband! 
"pentagon, intellig chief urg obama to remov nsa director  "
imtoooldfor wonder
ikea-schokolade! geschmack wie ikea-komode! 😂😂😂askcamila obama trump usa clinton fcbacm 
"manalblrz mitchw11 and by the way, whi muslim in europ claim that everyon should respect it, follow it and live by it?"
"A black student wa call ni**ger and harass on her way to class, so 300 of her classmat decid to walk with… "
potu hokuleawwv and we must stop kill it!
clinton tri not to get drown out dure gop convent  polit
marcobuschmann jugend ist mit merkel und da kann man nicht tun jugendmitmerkel 
doe it realli look like religionofpeace? 
"donald trump ""our countri is suffer becaus peopl like sec. clinton have made such bad decisions."" debatenight debat"
"""squeez my fingers"" is a neurolog test, common for neurolog ailments. "
".realjameswood : ""call illeg alien ""undocu immigrants"" is like call heroin dealer ""undocu p… "
rebecca thoeni is one of those democrat who decid to use common sens and vote for therealdonaldtrump. teaparti 
"those ""refugees"" rape women in europ and that humane?and legal? islamkil stopislam"
politweec obama is the reason whi isi rise
american black stand with police!👏👏unityin5word 
increas your odd Of dy At the hand Of terrorismvot hillary!iraniranransom 
fightfor15 ✊🏿✊🏿✊🏿 
"fall seven times, stand up eight."
my2017biggesthop to get marri
humoritarian secur our border lol
obama: No one' given more than gold star famili  polit |  
read: full text of hillari clinton' speech at dnc 2016
"we’r break the boulevard, cuz we get it better summer"
sometimestwittermakesm gassy. Or is that the enchiladas?
some girl can get away with anyth 
igetdepressedwhen I read your tweet
Of cours america need more guns! guns4ni
lastminutegifts2016  pack of gum
"I don't care what they say, i'm in love with you. they tri to pull me away but they don't know the truth"
merkel ist kein alt frau merkelmussbleiben
trump reach out to black voter in detroit  polit
thingstoknowabouttwitt It ha the best meme
hillari refus to answer question dure an interview like typic communist. 
aunchul  thi is easi way to see all the wikileaksemail so far videolink  corrupthillari draintheswamp trumpforpresid
donald trump' virginia visit a slap to tim kain 
"""melt"
If you brake the law you deserv to be punish honorforthebrav
egyptwilliams4 john_doe_v how much wa it in public properti damage? and how mani peopl got shot on obama' inaugur day?
anger is a brief lunacy.
"obama, mexican presid stress import of relationship  busi"
well that wa quick unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
fahrenheit 452 makeabookwarm midnight
merkel ist ein superwoman merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok
glee makeamovierud 
my2017resolut to eat all the mickey mouse-shap food in disneyland
secondhandgift my pink dildo
bareback to the futur midnight dickflick
"yesterday' just a memory, tomorrow is never what it' suppos to be."
joe biden put nation secur at risk point to ss who ha nuclear codes! We can't trust them power! 
obama hope nation anthem protest spark a convers  news
tension eas in gabon capit after riot over disput elect  world news
report: rnc lose staffer over trump  polit
 I want to tri thi one!!
... 
"major of the so call muslim “refugees” are fight age men, not women and children. it' madness… "
funniest video ever!!! 
To sum up:hillari clinton start birtherism. donald trump finish it.enough of this..
the mart tyler mooooor show cowtv midnight
pretti sure some of those refuge are terrorist islamkil stopislam
the earli bird catch the worm makemehateyouinonephras
colin powell: ‘clinton tri To pin her email problem On me’ hillarysemail 
poll: clinton ha strong lead over trump in virginia 
"you could do a song with In sync and couldn't out sell me, i'm a legend in my own time, a profit in my own grind, a king with a concubin"
the past beat insid me like a second heart.
"probabletrumpstweet As I move into the WH i'm gonna start a TV show, like the osbournes! gonna be yuuuge!"
luiseof Hi luis! can you share some more photo of trump rally?
world D cup sexysport midnight
touch by a spongebob problematickidsshow
nocybercensorship freedom of express can land you in jail
"andthenishouldhavesaid ""black republican?   boy,  bye"" "
"Do you, ""we are just get started"" guys, realiz you'r tri to revers a democrat process? "
gopdeb you know that  I respect peopl who respect my rightsgopdeb vegasgopdeb
howtoloseyourjob use work microwav oven to dri laundri
"трамп забрал назад свои слова о том, что клинтон и обама создали игил   "
elitist and globalist colin powel just announc he is vote for war profiteers.. shocking? not.… 
"whatev you are, Be A good one. abraham lincoln"
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord whi we have to vote for hillari if she' ill? just to amus her vanity?
"Dr martin luther king, jr. may be the most icon african-american figur of all time "
"In donald trump, some see a new champion of hope and chang  polit"
fav thi tweet to support the movement ! blacklivesmatt   store link : 
addasongruinamovi the witchi woman
ihaveadreamthat I will more actual e-mail than spam thi year
teapartynew teaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian nobama wethepeopl patriot 
"trump: ""hillary, I just ask you this: you'v been do thi for 30 years. whi are you just think about the solu… "
"they’r sugar and spice and angel wings, and hell on wheel and tight blue jeans."
hmm🤔 it seem like dem don't consid isi &amp; terrorist as a threat for america! demsinphilli 
jtrittin wie sch�tzen sie merkels-chancen unter den jugendlichen? jugendmitmerkel
makemehateyouinonephras vote for me becaus i'm a woman 
the grandma and the grandpa retireasongorband
dnc fashion trailblaz  polit
there' everi reason to put her on $20 
realrac farrahkhan said same abt aids: design to kill black yoot ccot tcot pjnet teaparti 
worth read 
emphat trump support wrap entir hous in american flag!you will never see hillari support  do this! 
and still the poorest person in detroit live better than half of the popul of communist countri 
"donald trump on latest fundrais numbers: ""A lot of it, unfortunately, came from me"" "
"there are some thingsyoucantignor , for other things, there is husband"
peopl who don't want to boycottnfl are like 
A look at fbi comey' decis in the clinton email case 
I love hike too! 
montenegrin elect inconclus accord to partial count  world news
igetdepressedwhen realiz I have noth but bad choices. 
"drop that xbox, man!"
"fight for your and don't let go, don't let them compar you, no."
addsethimproveanyth I smell seth and candi here goodtim loung in my chair.
half our life is spent tri to find someth to do with the time we have rush through life tri to save.  – will roger
I AM watch you!
black in US have been colon by white elite: randi short  blacklivesmatt 
"interesting:  last eleven u.s. presid ""in uniform"": "
all about that basenji dogsong midnight
mike tyson knockout collect 
"RT petertownsend7 ""ccot""isi islam the hotel islamfornia. you may check out ani time. but never leave. "","""
"refugee: rape not crime becaus accept IN MY homeland -  muslim man plead guilti to sexual assault on boy, 10"
thingsyoucantignor when someth stuck in other people’ teeth
let` bring back blackpow to african descent. 
drunkband midnight   the smash
seriou case of flatulence.
thanksobama make me feel guilti everytim black peopl get in troubl
"islamkil socialist cuckoo @ it again. mani of these ""refugees"" are terrorist in disguis grandpa bernie.. wake up to realiti"
media keep say that everyon who stand with trump is racist...what about rosa park &amp; muhammad ali then?! 
gop convent day 1: deleg upris and plagiar alleg  news
humoritarian what kind of safeti are they talk about?
local ulbricht sentenc in silk road case
"michael flynn, trump’ militari adviser, say colinpowell’ email includ ‘realli mean things’ "

"realdonaldtrump giuliani: dnc the most anti-polic convent everobama start campaign against police, hrc will carri On"
thanksobama for leav the offic
donaldtrump bounc into the lead  
who can find the cheapest prostitute? betteralternativetodeb
trump is not against immigration!  He is against illegals! wednesdaywisdom 
thefirst100daystodolist tell luke skywalk that I am hi father
breaking: trump basher khizr khan delet law firm’ “pay-for-play” websit 
"clinton, trump brace for the ‘snl’ factor"
trump’ party: what to watch on convention’ 3rd day  polit
"you know you'r in love when you'r with someone, but you'r think about someon else."
staywok  
"thirty-two new militari leader endors trump, campaign say  polit"
it' easier for the govern to control a nation of stone mindless juki junkieu
joust  betteralternativetodeb
you know that  when I watch gop debat I start to believ there' still hope vegasgopdeb
ishouldgetamedalfor sleep all day
are trump' controversi rais doubt among ardent supporters? not realli 
"eternity' a terribl thought. I mean, where' it all go to end?"
"fact check: trump, clinton and their final debat claim "
"too much imagin of what they don't have, peopl forget to be thank for what they have. -"
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari socialism. all you have to do is wait until they go broke and starv to death
look how happi liber are!dildo is the thing they need! 
whi do you let your feel
"stopislam they are still the crowd OF peopl who chant ""death TO america"" when they don't need US islamkil"
"No it' a dickie, but thank for notic midnight onewordoffmoviequot"
prayforsandiego hope there are arm peopl there
"melania trump defend embattl husband, call lewd comment ‘boy talk’  polit"
almost...😂 funnysport 
"No matter how difficult the day ahead may seem, make sure to perform fajr salāh. oscarformuhammad oscarssowhit"
"outsid status, polit shield trump from hous oversight "
excel footag 
бывший советник обамы назвал трампа психопатом 
If we choos hillari we get high tax demswontpass
"""accord to the fbi’ uniform crime report, white american are respons for 69.3 percent of crime.""… "
trump rip ‘failed’ gen. allen in rebutt to dnc criticism: donald trump continu hi counteroffens agai... 
azcentr elect show: watch 2016 result live  polit
iknewweweredoom after the first round of tequila 
"trump wasn't our sec. of state, so even if he vote for the iraq war it wouldn't have ani powerw can't say the sa… "
trump say ‘poll number are start to look veri good’  polit
polic kill Of arm suspect draw angri crowd
polici prescriptions: trump and clinton on militari defens 
two week iamonfir
sigmar gabriel und horst seehof warden immer nur im hintergrund dieser starken frau bleiben! merkelmussbleiben
father of orlando shooter show up on hillari clinton rally. As we know famili knew about shooter' intent 
mulletpl redneckamovi midnight
"ich bin auch der meinung, dass wir da schaffen können merkelmussbleiben"
the scariest part of thi commerci is whatev that green shit is 
topvideo clinton and trump prepar to face off 
stopislam islamkil prayforbrussel anoth one IN thenmetro NO NO
outrageous! thi gitmo jihadist releas by obama today... 
milwauke sheriff david clarke: 'stop tri To fix the police. fix the ghetto!' 
In spite everyon wa talk about realdonaldtrump He could reach everyth he' plan 
rape german politician lie about attackers' nation to 'stop racism'!wow veri 'tolerant' of her! 
it' not photoshopped...san francisco: 
"topvideo celebrations, after six baltimor offic charg "
sickhillari walk one block in a parad &amp; thi is how she looked.sh is die befor our eyes... 
"christmasaftermath 2017 resolut final written: no more famili celebrations, ever"
sharia law ha No place On american soil!thi Is the land Of freedom!womensequalityday 
hillari clinton said this:basementdwellerssuperpred deplor tacobowlsbimbo she is veri 'tolera… 
reaction to thi skill😂soccerskil 
bulgarian fighter do god’ work 
"""hillari clinton is not run against me. she' run against change!"" ~ donald trump gettysburg "
govern that fail people' trust must be fire texasjihad
donttellanyonebut i'm vote hillari
footag taken secretli in a UK muslim school. liber accept this. islam ha no place in modern world 
"trump say obama-i remark wa ""sarcasm"". In other words: I will say anyth you like just vote for me"
We are in danger with all those muslim around. anyon could be an isi terrorist isisingarland
hack email show clinton campaign’ fear about sander  news
hillaryclinton imnotwithh
robot invas 
trumpsfavoriteheadlin peopl of america support donald J. trump unanimously!
the brexitvot show peopl don't want to see burqa ani more!
he` fu**in crazyyyyy! 
let' take our countri back!teapartynew polit conserv tcot pjnet theteaparti 
polic offic of ferguson are unaccept racist fergusonrememb 😯😰
hillari clinton and tim kain give labor day speech in cleveland: live coverag  polit
cat' eye like big butt addasongruinamovi 
3wordsbetterthanilovey guac is free!
happi electionday neverhillari trumpforpresid 
A boy name sou songshannibalwoulds
"trumpbecaus not mani will ever tell it like it is. He step on toes. but if it  fits, lace it up."
betteralternativetodeb beauti contest 
everi accomplish start with the decis to try. ihq
iamonfir U wanna come right now???? 😂😂 
on wednesday we don't use condom meangirlsrul
i want a clean conscienc
the latest: biden to argu trump is least prepar nomine 
colin powel email hack trump and clintons: darci cartoon  polit
three buzz night drunkband midnight
reasonstogetdivorc small penis. My small penis.
"osuphan96 hawkeraven read the goddamn EO first, ffs! It never mention religion or race!"
whi won't anyon fix that?! 
thingspeopleontwitterlik posit
"surgeri ‘successful,’ but abbott will skip gop convent "
"I love you, but I hate doggi posit ilove__butihate__"
my4wordnewyearsresolut more tacos. more pizza.
tri time are not the time to stop trying.
🤔 
honorforthebrav when a polic offis die he die for the justic 
"topnew trump team talk trade, labor with u.s. farm group"
pundit keep say that trump doesn't have support of hispan but here is the truth!hispanicheritagemonth 
donald trump is alreadi work with foreign leaders..hillari 😴trumpenmexico 
the bmw fulli autom valet park assist ces2015 cescrunch 
thanksobama obama chang social issu 
prayers4california and peopl who are defenceless befor arm psycho who don't follow gun law for some reason 
"""black famili surviv centuri of slaveri but it ha disintegr in the wake of the liberals' expansion"" ~ t.s. "
".newtgingrich on revel on hrc camp from wikileaks: ""thi is a classic exampl of organ crime."" "
some cool kick secondhandgift 
ask bob: did the VP debat sway undecid voters?  news
u.s. elect wrap: trump alreadi ha ‘keys’ to oval offic  polit
hillari blame dallaspoliceshoot on trump' 'divis rhetoric.' omg! she' the one promot divis message! 
gop congressman: clinton is ‘mental impaired’  polit
she love me befor birth  momin5word
ohio gop ad attack hous candid for su militari over religi freedom  polit
they all bout to be gone tomorrow anyway don't trip trump2k16  trumpforpresid
50 shade of grayson dickflick midnight
clinton say she won't go to mexico befor elect day 
amaz view! 
"« everi part give a foretast of death, everi reunion a hint of the resurrection. » schopenhau"
get hard with a vengeanc addamovieruinamovi midnight
pakistani muslim leader: “time is not far when the entir western civil would fall” 
poseidon approv thi messag 
"hello, dalmatian! midnight dogsong"
jbarro penc isn`t against gay marriages...he` for freedom of religion!
6 mutmaßlich is-unterstütz in dortmund festgenommen 
peopl are wake up: 'i'v been a democrat my whole life. but now I might vote trump!'demsinphillydemconvent 
"madonna, ami schumer and hillari clinton is what dishonor america "
trump tri refram poor debat perform at florida ralli  polit
social media react to first clinton-trump debat  news
gop nomin donald trump for presid  polit
state’ anti-trump deleg in fail rebellion  local
clinton meet with top polic offic as trump cast himself as 'law and order' candid 
realdonaldtrump death toll in haiti is now up to 264 people‼️reason: 20k were live in tent b/c hillari stole earthquak relief money.
"it' enough clinton for our county, isn't it?imwithh"
anti-trump protest march in downtown chicago  
"My onli friend, the end  america"
"blacktwitt 2 men arrest in DC barbershop shoot of child, father  "
thingsyoucantignor my male professor' erect nippl
how can you comment thi situation? 
голдман сакс запретила своим сотрудникам спонсировать кампанию дональда трампа 
"katrina pierson: ""what should trump apologis for? whi is he be held account for a war hillari vote for?"" "
It should be clinton warn rather than trigger warning! debatenight debat debates2016 
"« there are two thing a person should never be angri at, what they can help, and what they cannot. » plato"
I can't wait for hoverboard tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
bob the dealer problematickidsshow midnight
"what I want is what i'v not got, and what I need Is all around me"
pascalborri hello! would you pleas check thi story? can you comment on the piec on behalf of ethic committee?
"jay sekulow: ""there' no question in my mind that the fbi director comey never realli intend to do an investigati… "
🚨 hillarycoverageiscrap is trending! let' share the worst exampl of lie media coverage! 
secondhandgift kany west show ticket
ifihadabodydoubl the origin me would be far better look
"yeah, we have too few criminals, let` legal pot! junkieu"
2A caus american don't like when someon tri to take their gun away 
"trump to give immigr speech as christie, other explain hi stanc "
polic must stop the cruelti policecolor
benefitsofadopt you don't have to deal with those douch who abandon you. unless they died. moral: fasten ur goddamn seatbelt
iamonfir I hope princ randomli show up at thi all-staff meeting.
trump donat $100k to louisiana flood relief efforts. obama &amp; clinton have done nothing!who is true leader? 
american black support donald trump! RT if you want to make liber mad!😏 
plan parenthood indictment: punish the pursuer instead of the perp  --    pjnet ccot
trump call for end to violenc  
"It can't be real, but it istcot pjnet "
fishtv midnight  the big spawn theori
atlantabreak there are more reasons!
you melt my heart❤❤❤ showyourlovein4word
are you readi for debates2016?
"obama is a failure, but he dare to blame gun and call everyon who disagre with him racist. enough! trump2016 "
"vaccinateu who'll take care about my kids? onli me, not government!"
trump billboard in phoenix cover in swastika 
sometimesitsokto procrastin 
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
brussel islamkil don’t we have a huge debt? where from is obama go to take money for refugees?
We have to fight for a futur where everyon ha a chanc at the american dream and choos cruz as our presid gopdebatesc
"the hardest part about grow up is let go of what you were use to, and move on with someth you'r not."
goodby mr. barack obama  whatiwantforchristmasin4word
ifihadabodydoubl I definit won't give up work out
look at that!! 
now the truth is it hurt but I know that the fault is mine
2 puppi play outdoor 
metro detroit muslim blast trump’ comment on khan  polit
c.l. bryant: “we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over.”imgoingtomissobamabecaus 
Do we realli need media? maga 
when thi guy want someth  thingsyoucantignor 
supercut: dnc day 1 in 3 minut  polit
almost 8000 veteran kill themselv everi year. the number of veteran suicid ha increas sinc 2001 by 32% 
howtospotasnowflak ask him about gender issue..or her 
embezzl priest get 27 months:  '  It '  s .. my destini '
teenag who scale trump tower had past problem at home 
... 
rgiii focus on improv browns: quarterback robert griffin iii is focus on improv ...  cleveland sport
"you know that  A dem ha ruin our country, now we need a strong hand to make america great again vegasgopdeb"
politweec while cop are kill innoc peopl
piqu break some ankl 😳😳🔥🔥 goalazo 
"michel obama: 'when they go low, we go high'  polit"
one chanc is all you need. -jess owen iamonfir
richard' hilari face 
the obama administr ha NO way of vet whether ani of these 'refugees' are isi terrorist islamkil
clever_dov 😄😄
reminder: hillaryclinton is a whore who sell herself to the highest bidder! 
king' peach makeamoviefat
"imalwaysokwith eat chines , italian or jamaican food ."
"""zwar kamen wenig demonstranten al erwartet, dafür hatten sich all an die regeln gehalten"" 😂nichtmitun "
harig: tiger factor in full effect in greensboro
"independent, green candid rais more money, challeng democrat in baltimore' 12th district  polit"
prayforgay who if not mike penc think about religi people?? gayprid
scarf fashion 
icantbeurfriendbecaus your sister like to leav scratch marks... ❤️
"sorry, but I cannot support rand paul for the republican nominee. that appl didn't fall far enough away from that nutti tree. pjnet"
"topvideo obama on trump: ""the guy' not qualified"" "
"My hero! A man who never gave up, despit imposs odd happybirthdaygeorgewashington "
"thingstoknowabouttwitt thi is the last day, for at least 4 years, that these handl will be worthi of a follow… "
"here' a train video for polic from 1960. they knew how to help mental ill peopl back those days, obvious"
ireallylikeyoubut bt u support man u
anoth clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot teaparti 
I like a good beer buzz earli in the morn
blackpressday it' our histori - our pride
googl trend confirm: the public is worri about hillaryshealth  
i'm from detroit we eat you littl hoe aliv with hot sauc  – big sean
8½ doughnut makeamoviefat
deutschland will mehr flüchtling au italien aufnehmen. nein!
peopl have forgotten the danger coupl  demdebatemiami
topnew obama enlist republican kasich to press for tpp passag
"mother earth will take care of us onli if we take care of her. she doe not belong to us, it is us that belong to her. -mayvinim eternal"
hillari clinton to talk about tax fair in cleveland. what doe that mean for ohio?  polit
thingsnottaughtatschool where to find a good job 
iran’ state TV show the deploy of the new s-300pmu2 sam system around nuclear facil in fordow 
topnew obama say trump unfit to serv as u.s. presid
some dem in tight race steer clear of dnc  |  
first gop congressman: 'I will vote for mrs. clinton'  polit
"If trump win he will be the first billionair in histori to live in public property, occupi by a black famili befor him"
sheriff joe arpaio: 'A nation without border is no nation at all.' 
thingspeopleontwitterlik tweet base on realiti
marcladewig angloshok what' your point?
.twitter censor &amp; delet these photo of demsinphilli protest! RT to spread it! 
"cruz fight DC cartel everi day, not just dure campaigns!  wakeupamerica cruzcrew trust pjnet tcot  "
microsoft will paint abschaffen 😱😠😱 
chapelhillshoot fright 😣
win without boasting. lose without excuse.
"damn, that' the funniest thing I have seen so far 😅😅😅nevertrump "
andthenishouldhavesaid that I wa sorry. but my pride couldn't let me to take my share of the blame!
crazi man! 
"black kid alreadi be victimis in school, gay coupl threatened...what' next? thing are get too dangero… "
"trumpbecaus success come from failure, not from memor the right answer"
proud to be african american! blacktol americanhistoryisblack
"attack at penn stationunlik traitor obama &amp; hillary, trump alway take time out to thank our polic officers! "
.hillaryclinton If not him it sure as hell wa you. neverhillari imnotwithh clintoncrimesynd berniewasrob
"meet your new neighbors!f spend nearli $20,000 to settl everi refugee!worldrefugeeday "
igetdepressedwhen I releas anoth song and all my fan come to hear 
foke republican strategist karl rove say trump is bound to lose the elect  foke
trump dismiss gop call to quit race: 'never' 
"toavoidworki don't go.  redundancy, yo!  coin"
thingspeopleontwitterlik retweet and follow
donald trump to becom offici republican nomine  |  
"""I want to close the dutch borders. My constitu don't want more refugees."" ~ geert wilder "
averag IQ of these redneck here is about 85 
"If they realli miss you, they'll make the effort."
how clueless can barri B2 make that statement on morn of the pari attacks? hrc alway giggling. tcot ccot gop 
makemusicreligi black man pray
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't leav the bedroom - just netflix and chill
mlk i'm sure is roll over in hi grave at the antic of obama and today' politics. He had a dream. We have a ni… 
whi presid obama will be in atlanta on monday  |  
topnew trump campaign ask capitol hill to back him up in khan controversi
beach bodi snatcher summeramovi midnight
topic announc for final clinton-trump debat  polit
I will not feel guilti about america defend american islamkil
secondhandgift -- the fruitcak you inherit from your grandfather.
mustbeban anyth other than the 2 biolog gender
music is medicin 💊 to my mind
russel simmons: donald trump Is the epitom Of white supremaci  
what did my follow love most intrump’ speech on rnc? 
"well, do you still think that blacklivesmatt isn't a terrorist organisation? "
love thi pic!with trump we can be sure that bluelivesmatt 
secular secular silenc of 'pseudo secular' on kher' visa denial shameful: bjp: new del...  uniteblu tcot
trumpbabi  trumpforpresid 
gdiputado exactly!
rip there' to mani peopl die now a'day  prayers4california
who will win the presidency? 
simpli ban oscars! problem solv oscarhasnocolor
the crowd at crookedhillari ralli are fake and paid for by the clinton foundation!a I said absolut no enth… 
hatr mustbeban
joe perry!!!!!!! 
hillari clinton hit christi on bridgeg after hi fieri rnc 2016 speech
polizei beginnt mit zwangsräumung von szenelok in neukölln. zum glück machen sie da nun endlich! link grüne
who' the real hero?
minnesota dem effort to kick trump off ballot fail  polit
putin: My thought are with those who suffer in insidi westminsterattack . nation must work togeth to coun… 
"In miami, obama to diagnos what ail obamacar  health"
more problem report in disput elect for 78th district in st. loui  stloui
"(ibd) If hillari clinton sign form of-109, she commit feloni - pjnet 999 -  - "
thingspeopleontwitterlik squirrel with lightsab 
breaking🚨 eva longoria just got boo after say 'iamwithher.'demsinphilli 
donald trump had 100 time more peopl in scranton just two week ago than hillari todaylowenergi 
reasonstogetdivorc she flush my weed.
honorforthebrav peopl love to hate our brave polic offic so much they forgot to condemn criminals. thank you for the service!
iknewweweredoom when eve decid to eat the fuck appl
trumpbecaus fuck them haters. Go for it! trump2016 trumpforpresid 🐧🐧
No comment are need fakenew 
martin o’malley becom potenti third candid for dnc chairman  
free fallin' (and I can't get up!)     retireasongorband
icantbeurfriendbecaus [someth relat to the elect becaus my opinion is superior to yours!]
toavoidworki pretend to be rich everi morn until I run out of coffe money
hillari clinton final hold a press confer  polit
potuslasttweet: I think I fuck thi shit up enough.
ouch 
i'm honestli realli tire of hear about meryl streep 
reasonstogetdivorc cuz she interfer to your phone all the time 
burqa isn't tradit dress! see what women use to wear befor muslim gain influence! islam kill diversity! 
"obama commut term of 111 more feder prisoners, includ five from st. loui  polit"
"« such truth, as opposeth no man' profit, nor pleasure, is to all men welcome. » thoma hobb"
"found on bing, avail at youtub   earthdaysong   video and lyric to earth song by michael jackson"
5 number that matter thi week: hillari clinton' speech and the number of islam state refer at the dnc. 
plane ticket to canada!   lastminutegifts2016
new great poll! trumppence16 
"""i'm will to conced that trump on occas is crass. but i'd like my oppon to conced that hillari on occas… "
"""it' time for republican to come home"" ~ mike_pencetrumpahorrormovi "
michael bloomberg to endors hillari clinton  polit |  
"""are you there satan? it' me, hitler"
"breaking🚨: A rapist, pedophil lectur on the morality!rt if you also think that bill clinton is repulsive! "
"sometimestwittermakesm say you, say me"
anderson cooper' eye thingsmoretrustedthanhillari
she said hitler didn't kill all the jew so we get to know whi he did itislamistheproblem 
"trey gowdy: ""I understand she' upset, and I understand she doesn't like the timing, but she need look no further t… "
I want to hear hillari talk about her connect to the wallstreet demdeb demndeb
"iamonfir No matter how hard I shake, the clump of grate parmesan chees won't break up."
exactli 
"immigr are pour into u.s. to vote, trump say  polit"
brussel refuge are a trojan hors which obama is tri to give us islamkil
topnew obama avoid pipelin comment but urg tribal sovereignti
two stripe mustbeban  
".newtgingrich: ""thi is the largest exampl of total one-sid bia in the histori of the american media.""… "
thereligionofpeac want you dead 
tanishaamukerji finger cross trumpforpresid
"japan let in onli 27 muslim refugees, within week they have their first gang rape"
"weedsillegalbut peopl do it anyway, also I don't care"
climatechang at work 
total 😁 
worstpaineverin3word migrain migrain  migrain 
igetdepressedwhen I think about the squirrel I ran over the other day. poor littl guy never had a chance.
and i'm pretti damn sure they are paid way more than $15 an hourtrump2016 
We don't know who we are until we see what we can do.
"breaking: here, mr. trump, thi is what sacrific look like "
christmasaftermath my dildo is lost
myfirstquestioninhellwher is hillary? 
gameshowhostpickuplin what' behind zipper number one?
sometimestwittermakesm happy. We can express our thought that are untold here
she’ll alway hate me showyourlovein4word
"trump support say hi home and car vandalizedwhen hillary' campaign call for violence, these thing happen.… "
maga! 
bush trash trump on eve of gop convent  polit |  
"first, iran should chang its` attitud to the world and onli then one may think about deal with it! kerrydosmth"
joani peg chachi    maketvsexi 
"“bill clinton rape me and hillari clinton threaten me"" say woman at trump' pre-deb press confer "
survivalguidetothanksgiv don't let your parent mess with your bedroom. It never end well 
watch: evangel christian can control the outcom of everi elect in america  -- 12 minut --    pjnet ccot
sandra bland' mother to speak tonight at dnc  |  
"i'll take ""how to pick up a prostitute?"", for $400, alex gameshowhostpickuplin"
iron man wreck my father' yellow truck at 1:44 
poll: nearli 1-in-5 republican want trump to drop out  news |  
followthemoney get 10 time more tweet than ani other hashtags.. but still is not trending!guess why?! keep t… 
RT if you also don't want a presid bow to the terrorists!
rnc: arizona' 58 deleg vote for trump  polit
sb50 if B would have fell america would have believ it wa bc she didn't claim the illuminati staywok lmfaooo
my2017resolut buy more unnessesari stuff. It make me so happi
those who find racism in everyth are racist themselves. alllivesmatt 
realdonaldtrump 👈 help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prison 
choice: the power to say no!  patriot tcot tlot choic liberti pjnet 1
"...burn american flags, welcom potenti jihadists, and advoc for socialism. So much for american dream!… "
donald trump will be the presid for all americans. not special interest' plant! 
mud day : un millier de malad frappé de gastro-entérit earthdaysong 
most of all I hate when hillari pretend to be one of the people!neverhillari 
these two women destroy europ and now are plot to do the same with america! 
gameshowhostpickuplin the answer is: becaus you look like you fell from heaven. 
hillari clinton wa tri to find delet email in the pickl jar on jimmi kimmel show 
spokesman: trump now believ presid obama wa born in US 
"thetroublewithaddict is that.....mi economi is of made up of the addiction, we have weed for cheap. (but realli kid dont do drugs)"
trump' tough weekend: the self-inflict wound seem to come fast and furious. 
RT if you also think that there are too mani wall for the most 'progressive' party!demsinphilli 
boycottnfl boycotthollywood hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
mom. mum. mama. mama. mooooooooooooooom momin5word 
"when men are pure, law are useless"
jananganesh germani took in refuge as a humanitarian effort and what happens? women get mass rape in cologne. stopislam islamkil
2A isi 
christmasaftermath who’ gonna wash the dishes? 
islamkil some terrorist abus refuge right to travel and commit suicid bomb or terror act
trump continu to hammer away at central park five 
"just a day after three law enforc offic were kill in baton rouge, hillari continu her anti-polic agenda "
"eleph are veri sensibl animals. they play, laugh and love. have a happi worldelephantday "
tame me now
robbi kean brillianc send new york citi to worst defeat
hillari is an embarrass as a first woman president!wakeupamericasign thi tcot ccot 
RT if the photo of john podesta cri at hillary' concess speech make your heart smilefridayfeel 
I actual have the biggest… dream car
gun don't kill and peopl do prayers4california 
trump2k16  trumpforpresid
"crude name twitter account mock donald trump campaign offici wa a 'bad decision,' ohio gop say  polit"
momin5word no way to pay back.
chalk draw of hammer &amp; sickl on display as part of blacklivesmatt protest at hofstra... debates2016… 
"more police, less latino "
"ann holton, wife of tim kaine, visit arizona  polit"
"trump, rnc attack presidenti debat schedul  polit"
the trump. the horror. midnight onewordoffmoviequot
meal or No meal?  gameshowhostpickuplin
we'll never have a presid wors than bush midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
trump: clinton’ bodyguard should ‘disarm immediately’ and ‘see what happen to her’  polit
watch: video from wit show event surround fatal shoot of joshuab by polic offic in mount greenwo… 
govt wanna kill us like rats!! We are unarm against thi problem!!! phosphorusdisast
trump campaign say $18 million windfal follow monday’ debat  polit
angdonlon jaredwyand pleas help! twitter lock out of my account ten_gop w/ 27k follow for be pro-trump!
"donald trump, stafford sheriff decatur meet to discuss law enforc issu "
guten morgen und tollen tag mein lieben! 😘 
rosamystica11 ani report on this? what' the area? I may tri and drag some attent to it. can you pleas provid ani info?
"""hillari clinton want to increas the flow of syrian refuge by 550%"" - donald J trump "
to grow taller ugh  my4wordnewyearsresolut
newark polic kill two black teenag thi past saturday
nobodi can make you feel inferior without your permission.
midnight three shot down drunkband
insultingmovi the fister king
"let' talk about sects, baby. makemusicreligi"
graveyard of dream  mybedroomin3word
trump support birth control without a prescript 
ihatepokemongobecaus My phone doesn’t support the game pokemongo
then hillari support are not americans! hillaryforprison2016 trump2016 
it’ time to stand against isi isisingarland
.potu care about illeg more than he care about our veteran and thi make me realli angry!teapartynew 
"the huey, dewey and louie-siana purchas addcartoonstohistori midnight"
the best one ever? haha 
first black journalist were veri braveblackpressday
gordon Is A mormon  makemusicreligi
thi guy is also write for huffpost germanywhat a shame!refugeesnotwelcom or germansnotwelcome? 
forb headlin the magitek In 'final fantasi xv' look terrifying: one of the more mainst...  uniteblu tcot
"beauti is in the eye of the beholder,but the net ha a veri specific,detail view of what the perfect woman is like."
spur coach gregg popovich on donald trump' election: 'that' disgusting'  
iamthankfulfor everyon that never gave up on me
drunkband midnight r.e.ummmmm
the last man on earth will be realli stupid ...  tvlifelessonsilearn lastmanonearth 
"clinton: I don't recogn bigotry, bulli  news |  "
realdonaldtrump they will pay for the wall buildthewal
iamonfir I kind of just want to not.
here'r real women who march for our rightswomensmarch 
andi and hillari the queen bee of fat-ass liars. her follow are lem and fools. imnotwithher. how can you even stand her voice?
muslim unit against trump.. have you ever seen them unit against terrorism?! 
breaking: brand new leak just expos the sick thing wrong with hillari clinton…  
"obama doesn't care about our veterans, he care for some illeg and that make me realli sick! memorialday2016 "
kaep realli is the man 
"ad work to the ""forbidden for black people"" list 😒blacklivesmatt "
super)) 
come on america. Do the right thing hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
politweec can't understand those who want to help these bastard
the kangaroo court maketvshowsaustralian midnight
your brain on liber agendaliberallog 
".govmikehuckabee: ""if hillari were to be, god forbid, elect president, it would be a disast for the country.""… "
bare nake ladies: women around the world go topless for equal right
A state without corrupt polic
hitlerli may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency.hillaryforprison 
now they think that femin can improv school mark 🤔🤔🤔 
"whi IT matters: clinton, trump present voter clear choic "
toomey tout role in aid child; stay mum on trump 
reallifemagicspel 'friday evening' - make you unavail for the follow weekend
30 dock fishtv midnight
obamalegaci reanim racism in america 
"makemehateyouinonephras ""I don't read."" that' not an achievement, tbh"
ffs_just_stop 2A must be ban among black 
"""newfoundland of the lost and dexter' labrador"
reaganbush84 now it is time for trumppence16!  trumpforpresid
trump' new advisor offer link to big money donor  polit
hillari is the worst candid anyon can imagine. who are those peopl support her? teapartynew 
creepy..clinton to resettl one million muslim migrant dure first term alon 
confid clinton expand her campaign into 'red' state 
tax expert say noth in the document of trump' tax return suggest ani wrongdoingnyt still tri to smear hi… 
what a crowd! what enthusiasm! you will never see thi at a crook hillari rally!peopl vote trump! 
mammalon So much for a clinton' accomplish
hillari clinton email parodi video goe viral😂shar this! hillarysemail 
"for too long the countri ha live on hard working, tax pay americans..trump2016 "
"I don't ever wanna drink again, I just ooh I just need a friend"
terrorizem obama promis but doe noth to defend us and hi immigrationact make the situat even wors
sorri no third wheel again cancelplansin5word
"killari on black kids, 1996. dear black voters, you can see now how much blacklivesmatt to her, can't you? "
myvote2016 is to maga
exclusive: congression leader were brief a year ago on...  |  
never date a feminist..they have a lot in common with islam terrorists.. 
and it felt so good J 
"iran deal reached, obama hail step toward 'more hope world'  world news"
gigirules7 trump would like her
report show huge 1995 trump busi loss 
clinton reach beyond stalwart democrat to build a coalit against trump  polit
"eu-kommiss verhängt ne rekordstraf von 2,42 milliarden euro gegen googl und da ist nur da kleiner problem"
thi is just stupid 
ireallylikeyoubut I can't stand your bad breath.
trump brush off concern about potenti conflict of interest  
what the?! sexual emergency? court could not prove that the 10 yo child said no?th worst news I encount 2day 
ex-bush commerc chief say trump trade plan invit ‘disaster’  polit
"trump, rnc seiz on new report to attack clinton foundat  polit"
anim fart.   onewordoffbook
riggedelect electionday hillaryforprison2016 yourvotedoesnotmatt  trumpforpresid
"thank you, politifactp on firefor real! "
ani inform on motiv yet? prayforsanbernadino guns4ni
"To be truli intim with anoth person, is to share everi aspect of yourself with that person."
"""republican won with by run a terrif candidate, while democrat ran a candid who should'v been indicted… "
timetravelerproblem :( 
trump openli weigh a massiv immigr revers  polit
mycookingshowwouldbeabout who let the dog out? 
thingstoknowabouttwitt joke &gt; fax
"korryngaines, a 23-year-old mother, wa shot and kill by baltimor polic blacklivesmatt "
problematickidsshow battlestar ejactica
hillari is untrustworthy! she can't be elect if she can't answer questions. 
trump2016 hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari  trumpforpresid
remind for those who think trump is anti-semitic: he ha three beauti jewish grandchildren! 
can I confess? i'v been hangin' 'round your old address
trump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online!operationtacobowl 
"schieffer on clinton' email claims, trump' poll number  |  "
the odd carp-pl  fishtv midnight
realdonaldtrump  point is will (((( document ))))) gop housegop senate_gop grahamblog johnmccain    pjnet
"yuge trump flash mob: crowd chant ""impeach obama"" outsid the white house!maga3x signsatthegatesofhel "
behind the scenes: imag from the gop nation convent  polit
demdeb hillaryclinton is a patholog liar that belong in jail  hillaryforprison2016 demdebatemiami
"did bill o’reilli just “well, actual …” michelleobama?blackhistori "
hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump trumppence16 trump2k16  trumpforpresid
tim kaine: donald trump’ mind a ‘veri frighten place’  polit
dogsong midnight supercalifragalisticexpiala-squirell!!
over hype shit! 
"enjoy life becaus school get harder, work is lame, and bill onli get higher and higher. whatiwouldtella15yearoldm"
"congratulations, my friends!it' one month until obama leav officewednesdaywisdom "
look at that!! 
betteralternativetodeb trump
donald trump’ misstep risk put a ceil over hi sup...  |  
watch ericbol expos corrupt scheme of money launder for the clinton fdn!spread awareness! If you make… 
On womensequalityday we need to condemn clinton' war on women! imnotwithh 
earli return favor greiten in gop race for governor  stloui
there never wa a good war or a bad peace. world
where can incom refuge be hous when they arriv and how doe hous impact integration? islamkil stopislam
becom a presid myrashdecis
Up in cloak and dagger midnight stonedcomicbook
"dear best friends, no one will replac you in my life. 😍"
"sometimestwittermakesm suuuuuuuuper bore and realiz I should just get my booti in bed. ciao, then."
what I do?
dream As If you'll live forever. live as If you'll die today. jame dean
grammy-win jazz-pop singer Al jarreau die at age 76. 
star trek cast set phaser to stun donald trump' candidaci 
the face you make when you find out that gennif flower will be at the debat 
how can we trust you when you lie to us so often? demdeb demndeb
nasa - nasti aggress scienc apologet alternativeacronyminterpret
trump help foster broken system  |  
rt! 
"gopdeb ben carson know what to do with our country, unlik obama vegasgopdeb"
great!! 
worstpaineverin3word out of frybread
have to finish up netflix cancelplansin5word
oscarssowhit ? tri oscarssobor and whatev color oscarhasnocolor oscar
blackskinisnotacrim  
obama use UN to bypass senate’ treati consent author 
kanzlerin angela merkel und präsident macron planen den bau europäisch kampfjets.  zusammenarbeit = erfolgsweg 😌
ihavearighttoknow whi peopl can use a turn signal
ishouldgetamedalfor manag to lose thing within 1 second of get them
He declar himself guilti who justifi himself befor accusation.
alimoni  reasonstogetdivorc
friendship is certianli the finest balm for the pang of disappoint love.
unlikelythingsheardatwalmart wow checkout line went realli fast
It is not racist to control borders!thank you american black who stand with trump2016! rncincletrumppence16 
"boom💥watch: former haitian senat president: ""hillari clinton tri to bribe me!"" "
goldman’ blankfein say ‘i’m support of hillari clinton’  polit
lyin’liber media say hillary’ just finebut We all know the truthhillaryhealth hillarycollaps 
dog reserv it mybedroomin3word
that' a great analogy. vote for hillari clinton is vote against our futur 
cop taunt black veteran as he die policebrut 
405 freeway traffic worstpaineverin3word
anoth attempt of soro nyt lap dog to discredit trump. No one' buy your bs anymore! the trump war 
trump campaign say It rais $18m after debat  polit
"the weight of water heaters"""
sometimestwittermakesm want to DM dickpic to religi nutters.
clinton ad some staff in utah as her campaign eye expans into red state  polit
and said oooh eeeh daddi I understand.
I alway hear about shoot but thi one be so close make it scarier  rooseveltfieldmal gardenc gardencitysho…
I miss the person I use to be
nationalpopcornday democraticdeb demdeb teaparti conserv teapartynew patrioti pjnet tcot potu 
"""never gonna give you up"" song mustbeban"
that' what democrat do 
retir cop arrest outsid new york' trump tower while arm  |  
van ail  drunkband midnight
presid obama’ dnc speech wa one for the histori book and it' realli worth reading!blackhistori justicenow 
sheriff joe arpaio: 'A nation without border is no nation at all.' 
30 minut to go!
Up and readi to vote for trumppence16 myvote2016 trumpforpresid
fdni forbid firefight from hang pictur of trump  
I love black twitter becaus they will drag yo ass.. blacktwitterwelcomemanu blacktwitt
trump jr.: 'I didn't say anyth about the holocaust'  polit
"while you teach your children to toler islam, islamist teach their children to kill youislamistheproblem "
"trump to american blacks""keep vote for the same people, &amp; you'll get the same horribl results.""trumpaz "
idontwanttoalarmy but are you go to do someth with it?!flint 
"jenn_abram yeah, and mex will be build it..."
"clinton, trump campaign turn social secur polit On it head  polit"
makemusicreligi night in white satan....
poll: clinton advantag fuel by grow enthusiasm  news
"trump: comment about russia, clinton email were sarcast  news"
charliecalley63 be a christian didn't make him into a murderer. koran make radic muslim kill other people. you see the difference?
"clinton say trump ha been ‘degrading, insult and assault ‘ women for 30 year  polit"
when is thi violenc go to end?  prayers4california
"gopdeb obama care more about climat than about isis, though isi is right at our doorstep lausd vegasgopdeb"
samba: the new love in My life  bahia blacktwitt brazil capeverd riodejaneiro slavetrad travel ttot
imagin have a phone with iphone' camera samsung' memori nokia' batteri blackberry' secur system sony' audio system
I hope all those lie journalist spread fake news will final shut up after trumpinaugur 
there is onli one thing that make a dream imposs to achieve: the fear of failur
"it’ the time of your life, so live it well. –A bug’ life"
"trump revamp hi team, but is it too late?  polit"
thi is a sign! blacklivesmatt 
meangirlsrul don't go to starbuck without whiskey
glickman: can't imagin fbi probe cost clinton elect  polit
2017survivaltip keep calm
explainearthtospacealien
democrat are ruin our countri from within!!! neverhillari nobama 
virginia sen. tim kaine: 'i'm proud of hillari clinton'  
senatorheitkamp whi everyon is keep quiet about water contamin with phosphoru in the american falls?
how do I tweet from thi flip phone? tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
cleveland indian parad 1948histori 
I prefer trump' platform for our community. He can put america back to work back to church back to school! ~ alved… 
thingsyoucantignor greasi hair
"whi it' OK for mexico to have a wall on their southern border, but it' racist for US to do the same?🤔 "
tension flare as republican clash over trump  news
clinton campaign tap into vote power of dreamer  polit
pleas show thi pic to your liber friend b/c msm will never show it! 
downtown cleveland park garag ha transform into rnc media hub (video): across from quicken loan arena in...  cleveland polit
everyon IN america just notic someth incred AT trump’ ralli in florida today…  
"i'v got life, i'v got love, i'v got faith"
"breakingnorth korea test 8 kiloton nuke💥""it' the latest exampl of the fail obama-clinton foreign policy"" ~ marco rubio"
panic here in atl!! they say it’ becaus of ebola infect liberian woman! I regret about my choic of profess lol…
cultiv a genuin sens of concern for others’ well-b is the basi for the trust that make happi and friendship possible.
I just publish “reunit our nation” 
how hillari clinton propos to tim kain  polit
"rudi giuliani: “hillari should be in a courtroom defend herself, not run for president!"" "
kaine' wife campaign for clinton in arizona  polit
i'd cri if I thought it would chang your mind true love
где находится обама в день выборов? В спортзале!electionday 
todolistbeforechristma buy new panti 
ireallylikeyoubut u too proud cheza_chini
iamafeminist caus there' no equal until women can commit as mani war crime as men. 
Is there realli a 1-in-1 trillion chanc part of melania trump' speech wa not grab from michel obama?: wh...  cleveland polit
disgrac profession liar hillari with perfect skill of hide the truth and flip-flopping. hah. teaparti 
somedayidliketose like a normal person instead of like this... 
topvideo clinton promis to hold well fargo account 
fünf millionen diesel-auto bekommen neue software. Es ist ein recht gute lösung! dieselgipfel
pence: No daylight between him and trump on ani issu  polit
great! someon start a foia request on state dept visitor logs. let' see if clinton camp is tell the truth. imnotwithh
"somewher within we know there’ a way to live togeth without fear each other. let’ love each other, then we all will know love. jcw"
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm have fun, my friend"
howtoloseyourjob show up on your onesi and fall asleep on the floor
she drank my last beer. reasonstogetdivorc
.repseanduffy: “thi is not the end. we’r go to continu to see email dribbl out and see hillaryclinton lie” 
"donald trump singl out nbc' kati tur, again  "
iamthankfulfor our pups! they are the best! toosweet lovethem
ksnt new polit analyst recap day 2 of dnc  news
...appar some iowan can't make a decis when blather confront realiti and truth. wakeupamerica  roc 
u don't even know me lol 
bigger govern is not the answer. demdebatemiami
"hillari clinton' top aid huma' husband, anthoni weiner, caught in under age sex scandal "
she' just not that into haiku japanamovi midnight
nyc forecast sat 5/16/15: rain. high temp: 75f.  occupywallstreet teaparti tcot
"conflict mutludc well, they need weapon and ammo, don't they?"
wearhoodiefortrayvon garner and rice! wearealltrayvon
put some respeck on angela davis' name: 
A survivalguidetothanksgiv will cost $19.99 hurri place your order now for fast deliveri
sugar free kid md. propos bill for healthier vend machin  
obama want us to live in hi dream world. worst presid ever and with clinton we won't restor safety! munich 
LA time poll: donaldtrump up two point over hillaryclinton 
bae i`m come 
imtoooldfor be told what to do
he is realli cool! 
neverhillari nevertrump greenisthenewblu bernieorbust therevolut is to your left &lt;&lt;&lt; thebeginningisnear… 
clinton enter fall with key advantag in white hous race  polit
obama creat isi and thi kind of bullshit will go on if hillari is presidenthillaryforpris 
timetravelerproblem 2017 marti mcfli refus to play at trump sore loser parti imwithh dailyshow 
sarfeld ist da sarkasmus? 🤔
respect!! 
saudi don't accept refuge even though they'r muslim whi the hell should we let them invad our christian home? 
trump campaign chairman paul manafort resign 
walk away from your nonsens  otherthingstodoin6second
thanksobama other countri think we’r fool
IS execut cross-dress defector attempt to flee the terror group in women' cloth 
sign the petit if the usa futur make differ for you!wakeupamerica neverhillari  
gop presidenti nomine trump make anoth trip to main  news
join the game! 
hous democrat releas email show colin powel advis clinton  polit
man is the onli creatur that refus to be what he is.
"get in bed, get out of bed. ilove__butihate__ "
allwentwrongwhen gay were allow to marri
donald trump teas plan to tackl cost of child care  news
clinton foundat set hillari victori donat ban  polit
declar of independence: It wa An unpreced chang for the world  pjnet iartg constitution89
"how trump fare against bedbugs, junk mail and trial lawyer | the auditor "
thingsyoucantignor the person kick your seat at the movi
thi tweet sum up 238 year of racism and hypocrisi in americablacklivesmatt 
tiger wood return to form at wyndham championship with hi lowest round in ...
charl koch explain to donor whi He won't support trump  polit
topvideo obama to expand hawaii marin reserv 
hard to tell which imag is from  vile ralli in iran &amp; which is from the womensmarch last month 
"starbuck didn't serv a trump supportera bunch of low iq, intolerant, un-american, butt-hurt liber butterflies… "
star versu the board of educ addcartoonstohistori midnight
topvideo clinton say trump appear to have violat u.s. law on cuba 
terror and refuge from syria will end fast if world work to bring peac to isi free syria asap islamkil stopislam
bombshel video expos whi kadzik – podesta collus mean the clinton investig IS rigged… 
batman Vs sunburn: tan of justic summeramovi midnight 
thanksobama fail health care law. obama is a disaster! 
look at that!! 
berni sander to replac fidel castro 
exposur to thi son will definit prevent burning!   wakeupamerica  renewu  pjnet  ccot  
stonedcomicbook  the leagu of extraordinari domino' top  midnight
trump say some of hi support are hesit to tell pollster their choic  polit
whi is freedom of speech grant to radic and fanat and we'r condemn for tell the truth? tcot pjnet 
"hillaryclinton , we demand you releas all of your medic record now! "
"breakup aren't alway meant to make up, sometim they happen to give you a chanc to wake up."
staffer: 'mistake' led to trump speech kerfuffl  polit
путин мобилизовал в помощь трампу своих кибершпионов?usa русские_в_америке russians_in_usa putin trump 
hetaliasumm the__specialon islamistheproblem 
nbc knock jeb bush for staff chang
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
"breaking: fbi agent to examin 650,000 email on anthoni weiner’ comput "
my2017biggesthop is to live and let live
john bel edwards: now is not the best time for presid obama to visit  polit
clinton: it' aw good someon with tempera of trump is not in charg of the law in our country. trump: Y… 
obama unlik to halt vacat to visit flood louisiana 
polit fbi warn clinton campaign of hack attempt
It is not racist to control borders!thank you american black who stand with trump2016! 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
"On jimmi kimmel hillari clinton joke about health rumors, email woe "
comey defend clinton privat email server investig in fbi...  |  
"No matter how good an idea sounds, test it first."
"thetroublewithaddict there' more than one road to sobriety. I don't do meetings, I don't do religion, I went to my doctor and got help"
"happi consist not in have much, but in be content with little."
africa bim-bootup robothiphop
"yep, donald trump wa onc popular among african-american  |  "
"trump and hi transit team push ahead, meet with polit alli  "
redmennac all you do is talk. you can't even prove your words. bore
clinton vs. trump: who' better for stock and jobs?  
you will regret the thing you didn't do more than the thing you did.
"first ladi jacquelin kennedi in india, 1962 "
ificouldntli your mum wouldn't believ i'm realli glad to see her in our hous 
whi trump can win  |  
I plan to get drunk cancelplansin5word
A look insid the 2016 democrat nation convent  polit
breaking: congresswoman tulsi gabbard told cnn that she ha proof the obama administr wa fund isi and al-… 
weedsillegalbut brendonuri is that you?
whiskey and honey onewordoffbook midnight
"putin, obama discuss crise in syria and ukraine….. lavrov, kerri haven’t reach total agreement on syria "
'so insulting': trump fire back after clinton put hi backer in 'basket of deplorables' 
Dr dre. let Me ride (1992)   via youtub not about divis about uniti FU blacklivesmatt
reminder: hillaryclinton is a whore who sell herself to the highest bidder! 
befor protest against evil racist privileg people... don't forget to check your privilege! presidenttrump 
mike penc give buttoned-down version of a donald trump speech in strongsvil  polit
new york time publish trump' '95 tax return  polit
"obama' illegal, unconstitut right for illeg aliens! RT  noamnesti tcot ccot makedclisten wakeupamerica"
clinton at debate: trump call miss univers ‘miss piggy’ 
speak about racial quotas... podestaemails9 
today it’ harri truman’ 132nd birthday! happybirthdayharrytruman
report ask trump not To put hillari In jail… he want Us to se thi video first!  
zmed and the art of motorcycl repair onewordoffbook midnight 
and leftist will continu claim how much they'r concern about climatechang nahwomensmarch 
otherthingstodoin6second begin to boil an egg.
We learn more by look for the answer to a question and not find it than we do from learn the answer itself.
clinton' challenge: rebuild obama' coalit  polit |  
"realdonaldtrump trump_world I think it' time you got rid of jeb. next time he call hi daddy, ask him to give you the telephon"
roger ail ouster at fox new will ail republicans: darci cartoon: ail rose to becom arguabl the biggest re...  cleveland polit
stopislam take care of all the homeless kid in the u.s.a. if you want to be charit islamkil
fiddler fall off the roof drunk dumberbroadway midnight
topvideo trump call clinton 'the devil' 
i'm no model lady. A model' just an imit of the real thing
'these cheat dem will do anyth to win an election' ~ sheriff david clarkehillarysearpiec 
now media claim sexist to investig hillary' appar health problem trump2016 
watch: demsinphilli look more like a prison! 
"whenimdowni smoke weed. I know weedsillegalbut heroin is more illegal, so weed it is."
love doesn't count the number of chromosomes!  ppsellsbabypart defundpp wakeupamerica pjnet tcot ccot  
"mike pence: when donald trump becom president, we won't be pay ransom to terrorist sponsor states. "
the oscar fishtv midnight 
"Is there ani way to stop it, finally? "
RT if you also think that fbi director comey should be impeach for block the investig &amp; abet a crimin… 
rob bonkkowski sexysport midnight
see which bush is call on republican to back trump
alleg saudi-9/11 links: sen. paul join bipartisan call for declassif 2016elect
judici activ put parti and ident polit over the secur of american citizen 
word of a true leader! donald trump will makeamericagreatagain votetrump2016 
perfect  neverhillari votetrump maga  trumpforpresid
the cb nightli mew  cattv midnight
sometimesitsokto call in sick 
"kathleen willey on be in the same room as bill clinton: "" It wa not easy""deb "
rawlings-blak to trump on twitter: 'girl bye' 
norleansdaili really?
donald trump wa never call a racist in 68 year until he oppos hillari clinton for president!debatenight… 
realdonaldtrump ha huge support from latinos!but the media will never show this! spread online! anncoult 
"We may never find bin laden, which is fine.  I haven't ""been laid in"" a while"
"""in term of who won the election, it' total baloney to suggest that it' the russians."" ~ newtgingrich "
thi word fit most of the inner circl of the clinton campaigntcot pjnet 
thanksobama just imagin in less then a week it will be as if obama wa never even here.
ihavearighttoknow do you realli love my cook or my mini bar?
obama’ transgend bathroom polici block by feder judg  polit
"the 2,00,00,00,00,000 honeymoon pictur on facebook thingsthatshouldbecensor"
investig reveal a comput glitch brought down airasia flight
csu-politik manfr weber plädiert für einen rigorosen einsatz gegen die schlepper-mafia
hillaryclinton yet you began your career with success defend a child rapist while know that he is guilty.
peopl are upset (yawn) that malia obama skip the dnc fo...  |  
"If she wa a republican, she would alreadi be in jail!washington claims: hillari clinton get off the ‘email hook’ "
protest in damascu today in anger against the US and it coalit for bomb the saa in deirezzor 
ex-freehold recommend to replac gop' sett on morri elect board 
cool wings!  
"makeamovierud     ""no   countri for gypsies"""
awesom bunk bed mybedroomin3word 
kimono better blue midnight japanamovi
доброе утро! после демократического съезда клинтон опережает трампа на 6 пунктов 
"thingstoknowabouttwitt peopl with 1000' of followers, less than 100 tweets, and they'r not famou or twitter verified…"
there is no need to boycotthammilton becaus normal peopl can accept others' opinionand won't ask for a safe spa… 
"well, pretti good car  "
He is mexican and he support trump!rt to defeat media' propaganda! 
nyt editori board endors clinton  polit 
memori of burger fattenamovi
"trump, clinton larg on messag with bodi language, expert say "
votetrump for a better life! donaldtrump nbcnew cbsnew reuter gop berni googl trump bloomberg catholics… trumpforpresid
man who discov cte think hillari clinton may have been poison 
thingspeopleontwitterlik not nickleback
riggedelect  trumpforpresid
thanksobama for divid nation
Do you see a pattern? 
jenn_abram true
icelebratetrumpwith get wast af
it' not even close to what she did back in the day of benghazi terrorist attack. 
big glass of wine lastminutegifts2016 
new document releas from hack of democrat parti  news |  
specialaffair 😫😫
"I love half of america, but I hate half of america ilove__butihate__"
thingsyoucantignor the polic with their gun drawn
securestrength happi to meet you!
donald trump call obama ‘founder of isis’ and say It hono...  |  
"I love my country, but I hate the govern ilove__butihate__ "
weirdthingstobuyonlin a batmap to get to the batcave.
trump refus to say if he’ll accept elect result 
design typographi patriot designoftheday gray usa american christian patriot quot
thank you obama! for your legacy! for all!
obama is a disgrac of our nation. soon traitor will pay for their crime thanksobama trumppence16 
new poll: donald trump 40%hillari clinton 38%great victory! 
washdconlin they are evil friend
where uniti happen  mybedroomin3word
"gameshowhostpickuplin  ""you just won a year' suppli of me."""
day of maroon 5  addabandtoatvshow
she` so sweet! 
donald trump critic muslim famili of slain u.s. soldier...  |  
"well, it explain am lottcot pjnet "
topnew u.s. senat warren urg obama to replac head of sec
"sport espn' keith olbermann call for boycott of nfl draft, mayweath vs. pacquiao fight"
everi time I see thi it get funnier! 
midnight me so corgi dogsong
clue is in the name... you wait. also flick through magazin from the last decade. thingstodoinawaitingroom 
brussel islamkil brussel under siege. prayforbrussel brusselsattack 
breaking: boston globe call for freez of clinton foundat donat 
50 skid mark darker californiamovi
sometimesitsokto eat all halloween candi in one sit
nocybercensorship did you know today is world day against cyber censorship? 
bigtittiesbreaktheinternet so I have noth to post on twitter today
prayer for peopl who were murder charlestonshoot hatecrim charlestonshoot
attent all hillari supporters! don't vote for thi lie satan bitch! learn about that spirit 'cook thing… 
"gopdeb onc you go black, you can never go trump gopdeb vegasgopdeb"
peopl magazin senior editor stand By trump stori  polit
jenn_abram wow!
trumpbecaus what' the point of have great knowledg and keep them all to yourself? 💗💗💗
muslim attack telaviv!
iamonfir he is realli cool! 
howtoloseyourjob shuffl donald' s hair
hiliari clinton tickets! debat debatenight debates2016 
but the media keep say that women don't support trump.. 
hillari will exclud the 2A from the constitut right!sh want a total control.neverhillari primaryday 
obama believ we have to take more illegals...doesn't that mean he want more dead americans?teapartynew 
preview to trump' presid 
circl of life 
"obama, famili begin 2-week vacat at secret spot at martha' vineyard  polit"
"awesome, noth more to say "
stonedcomicbook midnight wing toker the green geni lantern pineappl xpress men the silver reefer jenni spark A doobi stoney spark
"overheardatthewishingwel  ""A million dollars. I know, I know, not veri original. but popular, right?"""
auswärtig amt sitzt zwischen zwei stühlen: erdogan ist gut markiert aber trump nicht!  steinmeier
showdown near over sept. 11 lawsuit bill  polit 
"expert offer tip for next debat to trump, clinton "
dnc: clinton defend wife' state dept. tenur  polit
"""I am sorri but if you are a white man you don't get to defin what racism is"" : chimamanda ngozi adichi "
arriv at one goal is the start point to another.  – john dewey
"charliecalley63 brown black skin peopl beat the shit out of each other everi day, no one' riot"
"norleansdaili clinton compani is over, I tell you, she ha no chanc"
pelican and cormor fighting! who' the winner? cimi epic battl bird  
Is thi the lowest point yet for donald trump?  polit
team work with your wife 
"my4wordnewyearsresolut  fuck that, get money"
"wind, solar industri seek trump empower  "
via b4infeatured: bulli teen use horrifi ordeal To send A power messag  tcot
anti-trump protest in michigan and around the nation  
cocosunny2 come novemb that upris will be dealt a huge blow when trump cruis to the white hous with a landslid victory.
I think that cat are funnier than dog 
indianalaw is hard to break becaus it' hard to make busi do smth they don't want to do prayforgay
massiv riot in pari right now. the citi is burning. still think trump is overreact when he call for a ban on radic is…
My animatron don't want none unless you c:\run hun.  robothiphop midnight
topvideo clinton joke her dy hair won't turn white as presid 
tell me don't stop danc and you’r pull me near true love
pneumonia bring hillari clinton’ health back as hot issu  news
obama gave $400m ransom to a countri where thi is a common graffiti. obama is anti-american iranransomscand 
iamwalt start ask yourself whi polic forc in the rest of the civil world do not shoot unarm peopl
 ill tri it!
would you ever pose with your daughter like this? there is someth veri wrong with thi man. 
"hillaryclinton WE want trump, WE want trump!"
trumpsfavoriteheadlin satan rais from hell; endors trump
tbh not surpris  
trayvon martin we rememb you! blacklivesmatt wearhoodiefortrayvon 
plot twist: In podestaemails25 it will be reveal that trump and hillari are one person
have you ever seen 'moderate' muslim protest against terror attacks?normandi 
"run, you fool! run!  unlikelymagic8ballansw"
"obama: trump seem lack plans, polici proposals, solut  polit"
the scariest part of thi commerci is whatev that green shit is 
"whenitimetravel it' becaus i'm barri allen, and I insist on fuck with the god damn timelin "
"trump propos revis tax plan, curb on regul  polit"
ctwilson89 it' racist to be white
"""we can't fix a riggedsystem by elect the peopl who rig it in the first place."" ~ djtdemsinphilli "
rejectedtrumpcampaignslogansdon't vote for klandid kkklinton! 
sarfeld 
can liber explain me how the hell illeg help our economi when they didn't help their own?trumpenmexico 
 here are real girls!
23 san antonio cop disciplin for wear trump hat while on duti 
pablopistachio2 thank for correct me. thank for everything. you'r brilliant
whatihatein5word misus of the word troll  A person that disagre with your self-cent bloat point of view is not a troll.
He is mexican and he support trump!rt to defeat media' propaganda! operationtacobowl 
iknewweweredoom when I saw that the hummu had expir in december. truestori
when is the next presidenti debat between hillari clinton and donald trump: televis and onlin...  polit
"chicago blacks: ""obama will go down as the worst presid ever""obamatownhal "
"hillari clinton' hometown littl rock, AR know her veri well that' whi they didn't fall into her lie "
mutti ist die beste! merkelmussbleiben tagebuch
the histori that they have been hide from you blackhistorymonth blacktwitt b7ackhistori blackhistory365 
12 angri drunk insultingmovi
yankeesman1 inkofsquid nice
what the???? 
"By corduroy rogers"""
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm get away from the toxic peopl surround you.
trumpbecaus I admir trump' passion.
"topvideo trump: sometim I say thing ""I regret"" "
"latestanonnew fear is a debilit emotion, and justic approach with haste. hillaryforprison2016 draintheswamp trumpforpresid"
"those, who don't believ in walls, probabl should move away from their houses...maga "
"ha a singl ""boycott [company]"" ever work out?and yeah, good luck with avoid paypal "
omg! lol im laugh so hard 
six-year-old ask presid obama if he can adopt syrian boy to be hi brother 
"If u r: illeg immigrant, gay or idiot - watch demdeb today demdebatemiami"
michel obama passport scan appear onlin in appar hack 
hillary' accomplish so fartrump2016 
"governor day At illinoi state fair, trump lead As discuss topic "
your trusti lamp for the ever-shift mirag of illus conjur up by today' liberals:  tcot pjnet tgdn
🚨watch: dem parti oper plot how to commit the voter fraud across everi republican-held state‼️… 
"""the unit state defeat fascism, nazism, and communism. now we must defeat radic islam terrorism."" ~ donald… "
hous democrat call for fbi action regard trump and hack  polit
can't wait to see illeg stop by trumpwall!trump2016 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari jare from subway at a daycar
happi nationalradioday! nice fact: from 1922-1971 you could not listen to the radio in the UK without a licenc http://t.…
easterin4word i'm addict to chocol 
havanes boot were made for walk  dogsong midnight
shorter trump: He can realli make our countri great again!
budgetmovi midnight  wolf of backstreet
.dioptas_ blacklivesmatt 
what doe the fox say??? 
weedsillegalbut lindsay lohan can grow that shit on the white hous lawn
donald trump ha huge support from women!but the media will never show this! 
what` happen in fact?! i`m so scared! i`m push the panic button right now!!! phosphorusdisast
"counselor on campus, candlelight vigil set at delta state"
"US immigr divers advocaci group to obama: stop the deport raids, enact temporar...  uniteblu tcot"
"thingsyoucantignor the thedemocrat claim the last republican presid wa ""illegitimate"" - see a pattern here? dec19"
sarah silverman see swastika everywher 
"gameshowhostpickuplin ""so is thi a deal or no deal?"""
rocki horror pinterest show dumberbroadway midnight
"If you don't stick to your valu when they are be tested,the'r not values. they'r hobbiestrump2016 "
"trump final acknowledg obama born in u.s., but say clinton start 'birther movement' "
"No hate, love onli whatiwantforchristmasin4word"
"My girl, interrupt  addasongruinamovi"
„für mich ist die ehe im grundgesetz die ehe von mann und frau“ sagt merkel. da ist richtig meinung!
donald trump call for ‘extrem vetting’ of peopl look to come to the unit state  polit
america ha noth to expect from the 3rd bush! lashbush
islamkil let' close all mosques! freespeech is overrated!
midnight cattv catnip and tuck
"💥watch💥: ""we will be one people, under one god, salut one american flag."" ~ trumpwednesdaywisdom trumpromcom "
the 30 year simpson war midnight addcartoonstohistori
the big ass theori makeamoviefat breaktheinternet kardashian 
"""trump is hitler becaus hitler had also been call a person of the year!""hitl also brush hi teeth and drank… "
trump use death of wade’ cousin To win support Of african-american voter 
elector from ohio after votinghe' burn letter beg him not to vote for trumpphoto of the week! 
betawatch fishtv midnight
the distractions...flintwatercrisi flint 
moroccan king defend advis over elect comment in rare remark  news
you will never see thi pic on the nightli news!spread hi word online! hispanicheritagemonth 
"rudi giuliani on police: ""they put  live at risk for us whether we'r black or white or hispan or gay.""rncincl "
US ha lowest budget per veteran among all develop countries!rt if you also think vet should go befor illeg 
"u.n. human right chief say trump, other fan prejudic  world news"
"with clinton on defense, trump campaign in blue state  news"
hillari clinton offici accept democrat nomin fo...  |  
"like a vacuum doe dust, that' how you should take in the wisdom of your elders.  – jay mull ff"
crush to like me whatiwantforchristmasin4word
“the elector are so desper for anyth to discredit donald trump that they are seiz on thi and lying.” ~ mgoodwin_ny…
longtim clinton advisor call chelsea clinton a 'spoil brat'  podestaemails2 
you know fish poop and pee in here. overheardatthewishingwel
islamkil nasti world prayforbrussel stopislam
myemmynominationwouldb  outstand children' hater
trump rebuk david duke 'a quick as you can say it'  |  
real magic!!!  
mennonit At work makemusicreligi
politico polit paul ryan to urg conserv unity: He is to address the heritag actio...  uniteblu tcot
attack church in palestine: An isra polici sinc 1948.  israel jsil christian tcot ccot pjnet
"'secretli everybody' get tire of polit correctness, kiss up.' ~ clint eastwood "
judg block trump order that defend our constitut and law. whi are liber so happy? 🤔 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A muslim with an ak47 in a gay bardeb debatenight
hillari blame her crimin email neglig on the black man! colinpowel say she' tri to pin it on me! 
hillari clinton is mental is with memori problems. that is who liber support neverhillari indicthillari 
vote what u think will happen first w/ hillari at the debat 
trump say he never met some accusers; penc claim evid 
latino donald trump support warn of 'taco truck on ever...  |  
realdonaldtrump collaps of obamacar mean that obama ha not one singl success initi in almost 8 year
"clinton visit charlott church, call for heal  polit"
"our futur vice president, mike pence, back in the good ol' days! let' make america great again! "
"peopl may hear your words, but they feel your attitude.  – john C. maxwel"
puke bryan drunkband midnight
"donald trump, mexican presid split over talk of border wall "
"secretservice, they just tri to make excuses! serviceofnosecret"
you can't handl vermouth! onewordoffmoviequot midnight
rip We need more brain and not guncontrol law prayers4california
No more american live wast in foreign affairs! vote for clinton is a vote for new war neverhillari 
donald trump surrog tweet then delet cartoon of hillari clinton in blackfac 
🚨wikileaks: clinton foundat work with big pharma to keep aid drug price high 
she said she can`t carri two phones! We do not need lady-bush! hillarynothnx
wall street donations. clinton vs trump. who is with rich again? imwithh 3wordhillari 
realdonaldtrump We stand w/ you! have a great day!
"donald trump use chariti donat to settl lawsuits, report claim  break"
I dream of barbi maketvshowsaustralian midnight
'we are go to put america back to work. We are go to put peopl befor government!' ~ donald J. trump 
demndeb you don’t want to discuss real problem demdeb
decis 2016: penc say gop ticket will ‘absolutely’ accept vote outcom 
protest dure a cleanenergymarch in philadelphiadncinphl demsinphilli 
the US mosqu obama ha chosen for hi first presidenti visit ha deep extremist tie  gop foxnew ccot tcot RT
ifhillarybecomespresid trump won't be surpris at all
justbasketbal 
too short circuit robothiphop midnight
did trump realli just call tim kain 'the governor of new jersey?'
2016 republican nation convent deleg seat chart released: ohio' deleg and altern will be sit...  cleveland polit
🚨wow: chelsea clinton caught steal from clinton fdn podestaemails6trumpdrseuss  
rise and shine it' elect time hillaryclinton hillaryforprison2016 letmerunthecountry…  trumpforpresid
donald trump doesn't seem To have A clue how To appeal To millenni  
the wizard Of jiz dickflick midnight
time for crookedhillari to go to jail! lockherup  trumpforpresid
polit seattle’ may day protest prepar cleveland’ 300 bicycl cop for rnc
"trump tour flood louisiana, obama to visit next week  |  "
survivalguidetothanksgiv say that you’r a blogger
what about a special award onli for black oscarhasnocolor oscar 
may the farc be with you onewordoffmoviequot midnight 
My hero 
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
"Go ahead, make my cake onewordoffmoviequot midnight"
look at europe! It wa betray by greedi politicians!hillari will do the same for america! 
it definit doe 
"depend on govt handouts, welfar affirmativeact equat to slaveri We must say, never again! blacktwitt "
markmeckl best descript ever
leader of the countri leav hi troop in the middl of the operation.nic idea! someonewhokillschildren
the thing to rememb is that that the futur come one day at a time.
valentinesdayin3word you’r a whore
thank for your post! happyobama  
"sun is up, i'm a mess usa imho"
bayonn man accus of anti-muslim/trump graffiti due in court nov. 14 
the media keep say trump doesn't have support of american black but here is the truth!trumpahorrormovie… 
greg' anatomi  maketvsexi
imtoooldfor netflix and chill 
vaccin a super dangerous! vaccinateu
thingsdonebymistak answer your Ex call
"ich meine, dass sozialismu und linksextremismu die „anschläg auf die demokratie“ und auf die zukunft sind!"
"have you heard of the largest prison strike against modern slavery? Of cours not, media ignor it… "
did you follow the assembl interact for the ikea tabl  andthenishouldhavesaid no.
trump take off with mexico visit &amp; immigr speech: darci cartoon  polit
young mike penc with ronald reagan.rt if you also think that mike_p will make an excel VP for america! 
I stand with the polic and NO matter their color! RT if you think the same! 
sheriffali johnnyarmyk sure? but 4 ex a lot of cuban &amp; syrian don't think so.
fifti shade Ew  mybedroomin3word amandashutup
ishouldgetamedalfor be a dedic fangirl
your husband made a good deal with monica debatenight debat
where did the clinton foundat end and the state depart begin?  clintoncrim  crookedhillari  imnotwithh 
feel like a boss!
sometimesitsokto talk to yourself 
"first clinton-trump presidenti debate: what time, where to watch  polit"
toler liber show everyon how open-mind &amp; toler they are again😕😕b careful! electionfinalthought 
"makesexawkwardin5word butter me, baby...butt me!! "
obama should be sent guantanamo bay for aid a terrorist state (iran) 
positivelynot bruwer_ exunitatevir hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
polit kain speak at urban leagu address
true beauti 
icelebratetrumpwith one-way ticket to argentina
thingsthatshouldbecensor belieb
merkel beteiligt sich an einem angriffskrieg in afghanistan merkelmussbleiben
kangaroo tank  maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"debat night: clinton, trump set for high-stak showdown "
podesta: 'reason belief' wikileak tip off trump campaign  polit
pic of the day! 
love is the triumph of imagin over intelligence.
clinton emails: trump’ focu in last debate?  news
demndeb what you are gonna do if I say demlivesnomatt ? demdeb
feed cat with chip myrashdecis
👏👍👍young girl start servic to deliv handbag with person item to homeless women 
My person playground   mybedroomin3word 
you know that  never wa gop hypocrityc or had doubl standards. unlik our dem comrad  vegasgopdeb
By ukipmep - EU polici have support banker not ordinari peopl - raymond finch mep:   ukip no2eu tcot
realdonaldtrump make america safe again! and make first ladi beauti again too! 
"zuwach von einem prozent: ""im kampf gegen die union kann die spd einen großen satz machen!"" 😂😂😂"
brussel islamkil these syrian refuge are some of the same terrorist that threaten us...
these two loser sure know how to choos sides. potu and johnkerri 
the honda the rock the cradl midnight japanamovi
somedayidliketose a good politician
"""i'm hillari clinton and I approv thi message.""hillarysbulli "
RT if you are glad jeffsess is tackl illeg sanctuari cities! it' time we get our immigr law enforc… 
obama mark birthday with star-stud bash  polit |  
A few photo from tonight' staten island action! blacklivesmatt ericgarn   
'we cannot afford for clinton to be president.' ~ geert wilder 
the state of michigan file a motion to be reliev of the “unnecessari burden” of deliv bottl water to… 
"clinton condemn what she call ""appar terrorist attacks"" "
"""thi is my countri and I want it back"" bravo sir!🇺🇸🇺🇸trumpahorrormovieblack for trump "
christmasaftermath there are whole $2 on my bank account!
clinton back bill to protect benefit for ex-coal miner  news
spokesman: trump now believ obama u.s.-born  polit
ouzo haza drunkband midnight
icantbeurfriendbecaus you vote for donald trump
our game start in 15 minutes! Be sure to join us! 
sander see No slight in clinton’ basement-dwel comment  polit
happybirthdayharrytruman! that’ who realli made america great!
life long democrat &amp; hillari support sen mccaskil say she wouldn't let her daughter anywher near bill clinton!… 
r.u.m. midnight  drunkband
hillaryrottenclinton  crookedhillari call hurt american basketofdeplor  trumpforpresid
"breaking: bob creamer, top hillari camp advisor fire after the verita video! voterfraudevangelicaltrump "
"stopislam saudi arabia ha 100,000 empti tent with ac for 3 million peopl – they’v taken zero refuge islamkil"
atlanta is the capit of the world perfectstatein5word
obamalegaci anti-constitut execut order with no concern about what peopl say 
bob gates: donald trump “unfit to be commander-in-chief”  news |  
don't give us 4 more year of hell trumpthatbitch election2016 hillaryforprison2016 … 
obama veto 9/11 lawsuit bill  polit
jayzzgurl 28dave38 damn... I can't believ a person can be that stupid...
thetroublewithaddict is that it' so addicting.......
"respectfully, those of us who practic it "
burn my lip on coffe otherthingstodoin6second
"songshannibalwoulds bum,titty,bum,titty,bum,bum,yum"
guns4ni 2A is what keep us safe. gun sontrol is what take our safeti away
peopl do not see the differ between what is right and what is wrong no more. teaparti teapartynew 
ireallylikeyoubut you lose your moral whenev wololo play
"iamonfir don't let peopl judg you. you are who you are, and if you work hard, you'll creat an even better you."
scumbag bill. 
oregonshoot that' the irony: the right to keep firearm cost american so mani life each year.  gunviolenceoregon
"ich hoffe, dass die cdu und neue regierung dies flüchtlingsproblem lösen werden"
hillaryclinton whi don't these black live matter?louisiana 
"hillari is a warmonger! trump want to make deals, she want to make enemies. "
true! 
posit outlook and mindset  my4wordnewyearsresolut
"somedayidliketose my peni again, the diet start tomorrow"
"palestinians, isra polic clash at al-aqsa"
statistisch bundesamtso viel frauen bleiben kinderlos. betrüblich statistik!
tnmom4god ccot tweet your member OF congress all AT onc 
andthenishouldhavesaid 
hill street vida blues. athleticstvshow susansluss
brain.ex ha stop working… 
whatev happen to the video maker hillarybenghazi had susanric say caus benghazi ?  trumpforpresid
drag Me to bakersfield californiamovi
divers wakeupamerica trump2016 makeamericagreatagain 
true strength is keep everyth togeth when everyon expect you to fall apart. quot true
ice cube take down donald trump In 1 devast tweet  |  
life onli demand from you the strength you possess. onli one feat is possibl  – not to have run away.
argu with stranger  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"I don't like the salary, too littl for let your name and face be virtual rape all over the world reasoniamnotpresid"
It doesn't matter if you have a valentin or not  – just love yourself and be your own.
sushi at ga station betteralternativetodeb
the fault in our ishtar addamovieruinamovi
My friend’ childrenthinkthat trump saw the dinosaur 
k.j. mcputbackslamiel 
trump tower rent nearli quintupl after donor take over payment  break
bon jovi will back clinton in pittsburgh appear next week 
democrat slam trump after tax return leak but complet ignor clintonfound expos 'pay-for-play' scheme 
kain contradict clinton statement on abort fund  polit
humoritarian not a big deal 😜
gallego defend mccain in dnc speech  | 
the huffington post writer ryan clayton is caught pass out russian flag at cpac2017 to creat fake news hysteria. 
5 question about the latest clinton email controversi 
"well, mayb it' becaus they were held there for a reason? wakeupamerica "
our constitut is good regardless of govern abus
trump call for immigr ban and other takeaway from hi foreign polici speech
never allow american to be disarmed....nev  tcot nra pjnet
watch me explod normal
"nocybercensorship peopl say watch what you say on social media, well guess what the 1st amend say "
plug the tree back in. never took it down. todolistbeforechristma
"« like all dreamers, I mistook disenchant for truth. » sartr"
newark polic chase 10-year-old legend preston becaus they thought he wa an adult. 
imalwaysokwith random peopl share their pizza with me even when I know they realli didn't want to
"frontier confer to draw obama, top scientist and research to pittsburgh "
kids? not nake  mybedroomin3word
rememb hillari clinton call black 'super predators'?! she care onli about black votes! 
"""hillari haven't just made money off rich people; they'v also figur out how to make money off the poorest of the… "
obama join presid mourn death of israel’ shimon pere  polit
I should stop post this... but I can't help myself! must be brainwash by patriarchi agenda
"boom💥""if I win i'll instruct my AG to get special prosecutor to look into your emails"" -donald trump hillari will be in jail!!!deb"
We need to stand for the tradit values.teapartynew theteaparti conserv 
An anal bleach with ad acid colonoscopi  betteralternativetodeb
makemehateyouinonephras I have noth to wear
icelebratetrumpwith belief that everyth is possibl 
.wikileak reales podestaemails7 
medialiesagain and journal is dead 
lastminutegifts2016 ihop coupon
ohn deutschen pass: In deutschland leben mehr al zehn millionen ausländer  via welt
imalwaysokwith me play hashtag game everyday to get the best point :)
disgraceful!at least 65 mass media report met or coordin with top advisor to hillari clinton… 
janinapfau würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
it' thanksgiv tomorrow here in the states!  what are you thank for? share the love and memories!! thelpfn… 
anti-trump protest hit on highwayeducation?let' start with kindergarten where they teach you to look both way 
my2017resolut to stop follow slim girls' account on instagram and want to be them
2016electionin3word black vote matter 
and polit mustbeban  
"clinton press into arizona, trump focus on florida "
sigmar gabriel und horst seehof warden immer nur im hintergrund dieser starken frau bleiben! merkelmussbleiben
ihavearighttoknow what' realli in my food.
some girl can get away with anyth 
imtoooldfor thi garbag 
betteralternativetodeb a rap battl 
sexysport midnight skeet skeet shooting!

have a present on awar and prevent of white genocid  howtoloseyourjob
i'm still and alway in love with the person you use to be.
that you choos to ignor
'it' reckless for hillari clinton to call for a 550% increas in the syrian refuge program'~ mike pencerncincl 
trumpbecaus trump2016 that feel after a punchlin you know you gonna be quot 💇🏽💆🏽🎉
gimm yo number stop bein greedi with yo sh*t blackpickuplin
"On thi day in 1732, our first presid wa born. happi birthday, presid georgewashington happybirthdaygeorgewashington"
michel obama: protest vote Is a vote for trump  polit
the differ between feminist then and now is the best evid that modern feminismiscanc 
hous speaker paul ryan win gop nomin to run again  polit
"I don't know where i'd be, without you here with me, life with you make perfect sense, you'r my best friend. timmcgraw"
delta get a brilliant lesson from black women after discrimin against femal doctor with 
recount2016 in one pic 
halloweenpartytodolist chang decor to christma one the next morn
 I love the guy
"the fail establish is desperate! let' maga, we will win! get on trumptrain trumppenc "
mom! play with me! 
politweec a good wig mean a good day😂
'it' time for american peopl to take back their freedom' ~ donald trumpelection2016 electionday 
thingsyoucantignor paper mill smell
.sensand will you disavow your support juanmthompson for call in terrorist threat to jcc? 
guardian of the galaxi quest. wait... i'd watch that. addamovieruinamovi
"michel obama check this!farm carv half-mil long messag in field: ‘vote trump, never hillary’ "
milwaukeevoic and now he is more pleas with life. I hope so
tofeelbetteri  watch seth rogen' movi 
figur out that your lifestyl are too differ  reasonstogetdivorc
A tik-tok-work orang addasongruinamovi
trump pop lead over hillaryclinton in iowa state fair corn poll 
reallifemagicspel 'leav in 5' attract a pet who would lie veri comfort on your lap forev
".realdonaldtrump: ""we are in the middl of a job crisis, a border crisis, &amp; a terror crisis"" trumpaz "
"""presid trump is actual do everi singl thing he promis to make our nation great again. No politician ha ever done…"
meangirlsrul instagram is your best friend
sheriff' depute fatal shot a black man 
hillary’ clinton’ affin for conspiraci theori  news
"trumpbecaus let be honest realdonaldtrump is the one, who we need 👩‍❤️‍👩💑👨‍❤️‍👨"
true and must see video! 
clinton press republican to take stand on trump  news
"thingsmoretrustedthanhillari ""pull my finger"""
thingsdonebymistak answer an 800 number... mondaymorn
jewel say trump and clinton are scare coupl 
manafort: trump 2nd amend comment weren't a threat  |  
A berniesand supporter: 'i'v been a democrat my whole life. but now I might vote trump!'demsinphilli demexit 
I alway support repoublicans. At least they don't steal taxpayers' money vegasgopdeb
alex_11org rbbinforadio scorchbonnet digig hat privatsphär un z.b. vor ahmad a. geschützt?
"addcartoonstohistori the huey,luey and dewey decim system"
supremesacrificeday great peopl with danger job! they'r our hero 
trump seiz on obamacar cost increas to tri to boost campaign  polit
We need trump to fix it👇 
trump2k16 gayarewrong deportallhispanicsbecausetheyareallmexican  trumpforpresid
"sing loud and strong, groov all day long"
senior hillari clinton support blame “stupid white people” for trump success in poll 
tanspray racheldolezalmemoirtitl 
gallery: At the pari climat confer
deutschland gehört zu den sichersten ländern der welt und wird es mit der cdu auch bleiben merkelmussbleiben
pat buchanan: futur of republican parti belong to the trump supportersrncincletrump2016 
looool 😂☺️ 
can you see ani differ between blacklivesmatt / mothersofthemov and radic islam terrorists?!👇 …
itsriskyto watch porno for dummi
group photo👇 at demconvent 
On thi electionday read the stori of octaviu catto 
clinton campaign confirm pneumonia diagnosi 
con air condition summeramovi
twittercanbeabit cringtast
thingsyoucantignor  waft aroma of fri food
camdencitynew i not beliv them!
"trump to latino roundtabl in la vegas: ""peopl don't know how well we'r do with the latinos""msm keep silent! "
secondhandgift ani kind of underwear
.bobbyjindal: 'we'v got to support our polic officers. we'v got to say these are heroes.' 
it' unbeliev about how inspir sam is ☺ 
thi is the reality! top 10 democrat parti slogans: 
sometimestwittermakesm late for my meet
thanksobama for stand up for everi countri besid hi own
islamkil hous pass bill that could limit syrian refugees. statu of liberti bow head
there is no futur to predict past tuesday unlikelymagic8ballansw
"frankli my dear, I don't give a dime midnight onewordoffmoviequot"
track organ hatred: hate map | southern poverti law center -  blacklivesmatt blacktwitt
realdonaldtrump hrc 👉 prison!
iamwalt that` all obama` fault! He promis to solv the issue!
'hillari clinton may be the most corrupt person ever to seek the presidency'~ donald trumpneverhillarytrump2016 
the onli kind of mark you should leav on an anim
senatorshaheen do you know about the phosphoru leakag situat in the american falls?
"If you are smart enough, you'll vote for hillari jebwecan ilovehillari iloveobama"
lepanto1 most peopl are not readi to be unplug and so hopelessli depend on the system that they will fight to protect it
"wind is so cold, is that the reason  america"
imtoooldfor skip breakfast
_billy_moyer_ jenn_abram you'll feel sorri when he becom a presid and fire you! ha!
😏debat 
some waver from trump in deep-r ohio suburb 
clinton say she got dizzi but didn’t pass out 
In the house. in the white hous makeamoviehillari
hillari clinton wear a catheter. physic and mental unfit into office. On top of that she is a crimin 
trumpbecaus I think he' alreadi won! all everybodi want him trump2016 🐑👈🏿
myfarewellwordswouldb oops! 
ihavearighttoknow whi sean hannity' head alway seem to lean to hi left... 
I hate boy who think they can get ani girl.
obama is islam' bitch! He will be rememb by american as a muslim puppet! resignobamarncincl 
how these n.j. student could affect trump-clinton debat 
thi girl ha a veri import msg!pleas help her to spread the word!neverhillari 
it' funni how liber went from peac and love billboard to burn american flag in one day!trumpriot 
watch: black american chant 'hillari is racist' outsid clinton fundrais in miami! 
"philippsteu frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
via b4infeatured: could cord blood bank be the lifelin for futur generations?  tcot
I hate thi feel of not know what you'r feeling..
leak email show hillaryclinton campaign coordin with soros' open societi foundat on polic reform 
rock star tell trump and other to stop use their song  polit
imtoooldfor build pillow fort 
trump child care plan break with conserv orthodoxi 
donald trump will be in VA beach tuesday for campaign event 
that` crazy!!! 
"""we are as we have alway been one nation under god indivis with liberti and justic for all"" -pence… "
rip stay safe california. prayforsanbernadino ♥️  prayers4california
iran is total look forward to violat the deal and produc nuclear weapon kerrydosmth
In the name of the french fri makeamoviefat
my4wordnewyearsresolut rip mar brown aldubuntilthen      
whyimgangsta  went 2hr without MY phone!...yo!
".newtgingrich: ""for [hillaryclinton] to say 'word matter' is bizarre. she' done noth all year but lie."" "
thank you for be with me 😘
save by the reel fishtv midnight
nocybercensorship we must say what we wanna say 
ruinadinnerinonephras I realli like adam sandler movi
I want to challeng everyon to retweet our country' flag.
dream about one diret
"donald trump apologizes, but to whom?  news |  "
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
trump say he never met some accusers; penc claim evid  news
62 muslim have been arrest for isi attacks/plot in just a yearkansasplot
biker enthusiast nationwid plan to patrol citi street &amp; protect trump support dure the rncincl 
"dr. ben carson: ""donald trump care deepli about america."" ""he can make america again."" and he is absolut right 👍 "
"wenn schulz  ein oppositionsführ ist, braucht deutschland solch opposition?! "
they use to be democrat until they learn the truth about hillary!demexit 
"berni support who feel betray by the system, join the trump team! let' build someth special for all! "
survivalguidetothanksgiv say that you’r a vegan
"topvideo trump and penc ""less awkward"" than democrats: manafort "
weedsillegalbut  said no one in colorado sinc 2012.
fuck thi oscarssowhit bullshit oscarhasnocolor oscar
donald trump’ showdown with hillari clinton wa the most watch debat in u.s. histori  
4wordgreatidea justi̇c 4 all human
"""der islam gehört zu deutschland."" merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
auch in der schule: qualität statt einheitsbrei merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
thanksobama for approv bulli white christian and defend hate muslim extremist
"potuslasttweet.  hope the chicken wing greas and grape juic stain come out,sorry."
A piss match. betteralternativetodeb 
i can cook  3wordsbetterthanilovey
communist commi pastor of china' first christian megachurch jailed: communist offici...  uniteblu tcot :-(
check out all the anti-trump button at dnc 2016
reasonstoprotest boredom
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm your eyebrow will get better
video : idiot mark cuban wrongli claim if trump wa elect stock market would crash  
angelina love vs. velvet ski 
the system wa built to divid us magicbutr
cnn fals report loretta lynch recus herself from the hillari clinton email scandal hillaryemail …
tcot tlot teaparti friscoteaparti marklevinshow more destruct of the countri from within?  megynkelli
"democraci spring plan mass sit-in, arrest at dnc  polit"
giftideasforpolitician brick to build the wall
"yes, it' “illeg alien muslim invad look for free handouts” "
"joe biden to campaign for hillari clinton in cleveland, mahon valley on thursday  polit"
"2016/11/24 01:02 cst """
taxesforalqaeda our parent are left without pension but Al qaeda member got their gun and bombs!
onli woman i'v made scream. momin5word midnight
🤔🤔 
50 shade Of gay allmalereboot midnight
"""the latest wikileak email are veri clear: If hillari is elected, it'll mean the rule of law becom the rule of… "
thetroublewithaddict is that coffe and chocol go so beauti together. 
It put the lotion on.  makesexawkwardin5word silenceofthelamb 
toothpast tube squeez betteralternativetodeb
i’m too ugly..and nobodi like me
"armi gener use govern credit card at strip clubs, pentagon say "
david duke + hillari clinton = love story💖 
berserkcricket um...what?
good thing come to those who wait. but better thing come to those who work for it.
watch &amp; spread the msg of black pastor explain whi african-american should vote donald trump!trumpindetroit 
"I love sex, but I hate rape whistles.  ilove__butihate__"
excerpt from donald trump' rnc 2016 speech
join the game! 
valentinesdayin3word i’m here
"isi wa a usa creation, arm by the usa, to terror syria, and all of a sudden refuge aren't terrorists? islamkil"
report: trump loss may mean he didn't pay tax for year  
wonder whi media cover trump unfairly? here' the reason..neverhillari 
topnew texa polic face disciplin for wear trump cap on duti
"MT prdblckrpblican: SC here I come! let' welcom the next potus, ted cruz!  cruzcrew pjnet"
"""I have good judgment, I call mani of the thing that have happened"" ~ trumpnbcnewsforum"
onc you let them disarm you their war dog will feast on your lifeless corps 2A trump2016 
with you
oscar excit me like a child oscarhasnocolor
icelebratetrumpwith listen to hi presidenti speech all day long 
chicago (under democrat rule) politicalmus 
it' all russia' faulttcot pjnet 
'white peopl to the back!': black live matter segreg media by race demsinphilli 
trump: i'll run america like my business. clinton: let' not 
"tell me what I gotta do to pleas you babi anyth you say i'll do caus I onli wanna make you happi from the bottom of my heart, it' true"
"donald trump: ""the clinton have had their time on the stage but now it' time to close that chapter."" "
thingstobeashamedof photoshop makeup 
pleas show thi pic to your liber friend b/c msm will never show it! 
have  kidney stone worstpaineverin3word
trumpbecaus trump is not just a candidate. It is a movement to makeamericagreatagain 😆
merkel unterstützt georgien im angriffskrieg gegen südossetien merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
thing trump never said but crookedhillaryclinton did. 
wünsche euch einen guten morgen! 😊 hamburg grüßt all 😊 
thingspeopleontwitterlik some like everything. some like nothing. except cats....everyon love cats.
"stock rise, treasuri fall with gold as clinton get fbi boost  "
"potuslasttweet would be someth like ""haha, screw you right to the end"""
idontneedacostumebecaus my neighborhood forbad have fun
wonder(build the)wal - oasis. conspiracysong
.hillaryclinton tell us more about alt-right be a racist ideology. sundayfunday 
hillari clinton' short memori on her support of the trans-pacf partnership trade pact...debatenight debat 
commun in one pic 
clinton back on campaign trail after releas health info  |  
zombieninja420 and what about receiving? 😅
 I wish I had one like this!
it' call 'liber bullshit side effect' wakeupamerica 
hillari clinton urg tax cut to help famili pay for child care. we'll see 2016elect
weed lantern                    stonedcomicbook midnight
valentinesdayin3word blackest februari day
chelsea man get pardon for leak militari secret but seth rich get kill for leak hillary's..… 
"small town in america know what is right. hillari clinton isn't too big for jail, she will fit there perfectly! "
last garag sale On the left midnight redneckamovi
4 question face donald trump after gop convent speech  news
"stopislam 26 governor have pledg not to allow syrianrefuge to settl in their states, all other must join them islamkil"
"I don't know what' wrong with hillari clinton, but someth is... worldmentalhealthday "
I stand with both of them! We are all go to be a team!makeamericagreatagain 
left 4 dead survivor ad to zombi armi trilog in free PC updat   via 3tags_org pjnet
obama challeng republican leader to disavow trump candidaci  polit
I guess a lot of them are ask ‘how the hell he is do it?’w let me tell ya - A doze of patriotism! 
 just watch it)
putin say fight islam state in syria Is top prioriti
deal Of A 4th grade noth midnight onewordoffbook 
trump tri to regain foot after week of troubl 
fbi speed up it investig into possibl clinton-rel email after critic 
a-hurl drunkband midnight
thingsweshouldinvestig obamas' tie with russia 
"trump: i'll releas my tax return immedi when hillari releas her 30,000 emails. debat debates2016 debatenight"
thingsnottaughtatschool how to get popular on twitter 
thi is whi blacklivesmatt 
congress hand presid obama hi 1st veto overrid 
deplor Be like thi On wednesday trumpforpresid
beasti borg robothiphop midnight
"peopl stand on freeway overpass with trump flag as hi motorcad pass underneath.raleigh, n.c "
I think the oscarssowhit thing is wierd oscarhasnocolor oscar
myocdin5word symmetry' not just a recommend
"bipartisan backlash for trump, after question khan famili  polit"
tom petti
"hillari clinton denounc the ‘alt-right,’ and the alt-righ...  |  "
"racism, racism everywhere. I don't wanna rais my children in thi countri oscarhasnocolor"
We will unit the civil world against islam terror and will complet erad it from the face of the E… 
trump surrog struggl to defend candid on sunday morn TV circuit 
today peopl of the czech republ are take to the street against radic islam 
"auf dem champs-elysé hat ein auto einen polizeiwagen gerammt. warum, ist noch unklar pari"
aroldi chapman fire bullet In longest out As cub 
flashback: michel obama slam hillari as unfit for the white hous 
what we don't need is focus on racial issu and divid american society. it' what obama doe wakeupamerica 
"my mom is either my best friend or satan, there is no in between"
obama step in as clinton recov  polit
In the airedal tonight midnight dogsong
steve ban none  softenabadguy midnight
3wordsbetterthanilovey I have wine
"topvideo tpp ""polit difficult"" in US elect year: singapor PM "
"""I don't care about the [trump] brand, I care about the country."" - realdonaldtrump on gma "
senat gop leader blast rhode over teacher contract 
humoritarian he should fire hi hairdress 😂😂😂
"ladi gaga выступила в поддержку хиллари клинтон, многим ее костюм напомнил фашистскую форму!uselections2016… "
the face of polic brutal 
ihavearighttoknow whi you would vote for hillaryclinton know she lie and put our nation secur at risk? crookedhillari
"realdonaldtrump ""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn"
thingstoknowabouttwitt world' peopl life routine..
the futur belong To those who prepar for It today. malcolm X
feder judg block north dakota voter identif law  |  
liber journalist go full amnesia mode everi time someth devast their caseliberalmedia 
We dont believ your empti promis you racist scum realdonaldtrump blacklivesmatt nevertrump 
demndeb notic berni isnt talk himself up but talk about what he gonna chang if you elect him…. demdeb
what  trump ha said about mexico  polit
dead now really? lostin3word
"thetroublewithaddict is that kratom, a plant that help mani addict recover, is someth the dea want to ban "
humoritarian mexican is hi favorit dish
the portman convention? senat navig in parti of trump  news
iknewweweredoom when the coyot caught the roadrunn
what is he doing?? 
iamthankfulfor my health and strength. thank you lord. sometim I can be so unappreci
"happybirthdayharrytruman ‘when you have an effici government, you have a dictatorship’ "
thi is the first time hillary' staffer made someth move and inspir 
"2 broke girls, 1 cup. maketvsexi"
I use to have a crush on charl in charg rncincl confessionsofan80skid
thanksobama for all your illegetim execut order
todolistbeforechristma 1. make famili xma card  2. write summeri of your year 3. burn them no one want to read that s…
hillari is physic unfit to be potus.sh lie about the email; she’ also lie about her health. 
hillari mention systemat racism in law enforcement. debat debatenight debates2016 
guten morgen! freitag 
pa. firm: uber will use our app to give voter free ride to the poll elect day 
alternativeacronyminterpret potu – piec of the use soap
austria' interior minist say presidenti elect re-run postpon  world news
allmalereboot showboy midnight hashtagwar
"voic from syria: bakeri worker who resist moder rebels, were roast in their own oven… "
don't get fool again by crookedhillary!
"It make sense, don't you think. teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa "
merri christma eve and god bless to all of those serv our great countri oversea who are away from their famili thi hol…
3wordsbetterthanilovey Je t'aime. -
topvideo kati perri perform live at the dnc 
ashley madison hack: what We know about the group behind It
exactly!  
😱baylor' punter get trucked😱 
more health concerns: exhaust hillari Is take weekend offhillaryshealth 
"make it viral: hillari clinton voter fraud caught in nevada, iowa, california, ny…"
👍👍ceo chuck C. johnson tell hyster leftist To f*** off after trump victori becaus whi not? 
trump lawyer promis no charit fund will be use to pay trump univers settlem...  
big mac or whopper?  rejecteddebatetop
imvotingbecaus trump is fight for real change! 
"richmond revel in kain homecoming: richmond, va. — thi is a citi known for it’ history: It host patrick... "
it' the best he could do realli stopthegop 
ihaveadreamthat alcohol wa good for health
you either support texit or you'r wrong. period. 
"""you have no idea how mani african american and minor support trump"" ~ pastormarkburn "
you can love someon so much...but you can never love peopl as much as you can miss them.  – john green
EU countri reinstat border control
funni how mani stupid snowflak want it to becom obligatori for everyon here. liberallog 
"myemmynominationwouldb the best cast, sh*t show award"
veri unusu lol 
"johngreen thefaultinourstars: As he read, I fell in love...book bookquot quot quot"
"instead of fight imaginari racism and oppress can you unit and ""resist"" islam radic which is a real threa…"
todolistbeforechristma to practic my happi face when I receiv a gift that dont like me
"To hillaryclinton supporters, there’ no way you can be proud of this...imwithh "
maketvshowscanadian rooki red
"clinton urg backer to ‘never, ever give up’ "
"""clinton wa the worst candid i'v ever seen in my entir life cover news for more than 40 years."" ~… "
"i'm so sorri for you, janet. you won't be abl to see the victori of donald trump today.electionday ivot "
watch the video! one of the student cries: ‘I do not want to listen to the person who kill the children’ someonewhokillschildren
live: democrat convent on social media  news
while where there’ life there’ hope!
happi internationalwomensday 
If german [only] vote in the US presidenti elect 
"first amend to the constitution:  freedom of religion, the 1st freedom:  pjnet iartg"
love for wall trump hate demconvent dncconvent demsinphilli dncinphl feelthebern 
lol idler from hillary' campaign don't even know how to use photoshop!what a shame!😂😂 
meet latinosfortrump! they are 100% behind realdonaldtrump &amp; want to build the wall! 
"""I use to be in democrat parti but I wise up, I becam smart and I got out""bgc16 "
"fbi recov 30 new clinton email relat to benghazi, state depart say "
"my2017biggesthop less stupid peopl around me, pleeeas "
.cnn is hillary' 7th biggest financi supporterthink about it 
mickey mao
"donald trump: ""we have 17 medal of honor recipi and they'v all endors me for president."" "
"next time such content will suddenli start ""violat youtub term of service"". 1984 is coming.youtubeisoverparti "
arabisch staaten stellen katar jetzt ein ultimatum
"hillaryclinton’ top aid huma abedin publish articl that blame usa for 911, blame women for violenc "
"fbi’ clinton foundat investig now “A veri high priority,” sourc say  "
children??!! 
(travel) b'anni dumberbroadway
"euind frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
last week trump releas a 10-point plan to reform the depart of veteran affairs. 
"trump, clinton’ child care plans: here’ how they stack up  news"
new controversi lurk behind hillari clinton: darci cartoon  polit
"I ask trump to prduce hi tax returns,a he had ask me to produc my birth certificate,and I did.                     potuslasttweet"
"refugeeswelcom let' help rowl show us how much she realli care about refugees. please, sign:… "
islamistheproblem  und schon wieder anschläge.... prayforbrussel brüssel
I have bad news for youmakeamericagreatagain 
muslim refuge ‘rape wife in front of toddler son for not wear her headscarf indoors’ religionofpeac 
you had my pictur on your bedroom wall likeit
allenwest doe it impli islamis of the us?
survivalguidetothanksgiv netflix and chill
6 feet udder  cowtv midnight
We either make ourselv miser or we make ourselv strong. the amount of work is the same.
onc twice three time I marri richmovi midnight
"ihavearighttoknow obama wa elect presid but more race riot than ever happen since, why?"
todolistbeforechristma have my daughter' bday parti
"can big spending, big-nam support help clinton win arizona?  polit"
offendeveryonein4word we unit ur bone 
chia pet trump.            lastminutegifts2016
tvlifelessonsilearn 
poll place becom battleground in u.s. vote right fight  |  
kendrasback To you
current mood: i need sleep
"""you interrupt me all the time. whi don't you interrupt her?"" ~ trump debat"
your trusti lamp for the ever-shift mirag of illus conjur up by today' liberals:  tcot pjnet tgdn
4wordgreatidea alway avoid neg peopl
hillari is get slaughtered!🔪trump IS the next presid OF the unit states! 🇺🇸debatenight debat
"breaking🚨 skagit county, WA offici releas imag of suspect gunman..look arab for me...burlington "
"I stay motiv in my job, I can sleep there"
she danc like she drunk 
full hous tonight for donald trump ralli in cincinnati!!! trumpdrseuss (video: nytnickc) 
success is never final and failur is never fatal. it' courag that counts.
'x-files' shatter record  tcot p2 news
north korea upgrad missil tower for possibl octob launch: yonhap  world news
"topnew beat rival and the odds, trump captur republican nomin"
obama must stop lie about ‘refugees’ who are not refuge but in fact are terrorist islamkil brussel 
just what obama did 
democrat are freak out after what jan brewer said about trump on cnn today…  
diamondandsilk realdonaldtrump lindasuhl trump is where it hurt &amp; he is do obama' job! thi is leadership!
fergusonrememb We got to staywok all the time becaus these cop are tri to kill us blacklivesmatt
appear in a TV show like the one made in japan call endur ! betteralternativetodeb
obama: ‘we save the best for last’ at final state dinner  news
the mindi promit maketvshowsaustralian midnight
A pet rock lastminutegifts2016
I believ in good anyway
live easi live free 
leash-fre bird dogsong midnight
trump fire hillari 🔥  🔥  🔥  🔥 debatenight debates2016 debat
My mind is say to take my gun to save myself prayers4california
sometim I wonder what can be more disgust than laugh hillaryclinton. thi video deserv some rts.part 2. 
valentinesdayin3word I love me!
"could liter be ur final thought if trump wins. ""more countri should have nukes"" and ""bomb the shit out of em."" electionfinalthought"
"unlikelythingsheardatwalmart ""shirt and shoe required."""
mybedroomin3word mirror abov bed
'I like donald trump becaus he speak from the heart' ~ malik obamatrumppence16 maga 
here is a 'massive' crowd at hillary' rally..where' my sleep pills! florida templ imwithh 
beauti video! 
consid yourself into read thi petition! nogunsforcrimin
thi is imposs 
makeamericagreatagain trumpwinsbecaus trump2016 altrightmean  trumpforpresid
video: clinton stumbl leav 9/11 event  news |  
indiana univers footbal player arrest for child molest 
via freedomfoa: trump: obama' real name Is barri soetoro  tcot
when you are the ugliest person on the pic :(
sixteen candl and 12 monkey addamovieruinamovi midnight
seem like somebodi doesn't like america 
Es gibt einen null-euro-schein – und die ezb erkennt ihn an 
knockin' On heaven' gate makemusicreligi
itsriskyto show your boob to stranger
all the king' men resign onewordoffbook midnight
you might like this: quot about life android app!
ihatepokemongobecaus if I will find one of them on hillaryclinton' ass I can not resist and will blow her ass up
"with earli vote a week away, bill clinton barnstorm buckey state: ohio polit roundup  polit"
half of republican would reject 'rigged' elect result if hillaryclinton win 
whoever respond to thi first get my busi tonight 😍. ( ) Or
over a third of like voter less will to back hillaryclinton after fbi bombshel 
🚨retweet the hell OF it!!show everyon thi obviou cheating!debatenight trumpwon  debat 
".judgejeanine: ""these peopl are small, divisive, they have an agenda, and it' go to play out for next 4 yrs"""
I can assur the world that no one want to hear about melania wear a 1600$ dress. 
mayb it' time to tri someth new?😏tcot 
islamkil Do brussel author have ani clue where to find those terrorists? brussel
"""we will honor the american peopl with the truth, and noth else."" ~ donald trump "
"islamkil what do you think, is it a religi thing, or terror doesn't have anyth to do with religion?"
how I met your molli fishtv
hous gop leader warn: fundrais gap with democrat could lead to ‘substanti losses’  polit
blacklivesmatt 
someth is realli wrong with hillary. she misspel even her own name😂😂 
tip daisi cowtv midnight
georg michael - freedom! '90  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
My littl poni friendship Is homoerotic. problematickidsshow
"🔴 man deton pipe bomb, kill self in oakland health clinic usa bergfest"
african american under presid obama. 
sometimestwittermakesm like you even more than i alreadi do...
"hillary' top aid huma abedin work at a radic islamist journal, which blame the US for 9/11"
kickass bud stonedcomicbook 
trump wineri cite by arizona offici for be too huge  |  
watch: huge crowd welcom trump👇but 0 coverag from msm!daytona florida 
hotlin für besorgt patienten bleibt weiter geschaltet 
hillari clinton’ struggl to ralli the obama coalit  polit
dnc email leak mar convention: darci cartoon: the dnc leak reinforc the percept that the democrat are car...  cleveland polit
"orlando survivor: ""I am veri upset the shooter' father wa at the hillaryclinton rally."" "
teacher is encourag her black student to pushthrough.so inspirational! 
"stop worrying, if it' meant to happen, it will happen."
and peopl who kill cop aren't murderers? 
0 coverag from msm on dncleaks..they continu to 'keep the peopl ignorant'👇rt to spread the awareness! 
"act like rock star in court, four muslim invad who brutal rape a young girl said she wa ask for it "
how come the onli way to know how high you get me is to see how far I fall
highschooltaughtm to accept myself and not care what mean girl think
hey  bae 
thingstoknowabouttwitt they are spoiler
perth-ect stranger maketvshowsaustralian midnight
"the most import key to achiev great success is to decid upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move."
the latest: sander camp ask deleg to respect clinton  polit
obama administr deni iran cash payment wa a ransom  world news
 wow!!!!
tippi tow tippi tay you gonna get a tip today fuck that you gonna get some dick today  – big sean
the canhana split athleticstvshow
"america is go to hell and we'v lost our morality, we'v lost common sense. teapartynew "
kerri can`t he see what iran wants? damn kerrydosmth
not use desitin under my depend rejectedweekend
"islamkil UN and islamist group decid which 15,000 syrian refuge come to the u.s. stopislam"
mqm mustbeban
hillaryforprison2016 hillari electionday trumpforpresid
"A new wed dress wa inspir by elsa frozen, made by a famou designer. pic:"
.bernardgoldberg: peopl with trump derang syndrom are...bring me closer to donald trump b/c they are far… 
the upcom presidenti de-baits.  midnight  fishtv
obama say u.s. is prepar to lift myanmar sanction 'soon'  news
clinton-trump showdown: presidenti debat or fight club?  polit
mad about yukon maketvshowscanadian
"afd ist scheiße, afd bleibt scheiß merkelmussbleiben"
tap someon on the butt for a good job otherthingstodoin6second
trend imwithhernow cost hillari 200k to promote!look like a bad invest with conserv troll it😂😂 
there should be no agreement with current iran regime! bibivsobama
"politweec barackobama whi not, she' pretti 😥"
"the less crime black commit, the less black die "
trump will beat em all! gopdebatesc
"stopislam So ""women"
clinton releas 2015 tax return  polit
topvideo u.s. senat reject obama veto of saudi sept. 11 bill 
"good gracious, jakarr. "
labrador4idaho will somebodi do someth to protect us from phosphoru contamin in the american falls?
smile are best when share with friends. –pooh
thingsinventedwhilehigh taco bell
normal person: sing lyric me: sing lyric me: sing backup vocal me: sing guitar riff me: air-drum entir song me: headbang
ted cruz to vote for donald trump; dramat revers after call nomine 'patholog liar'  polit
thing cia can't see: isi 
2016electionin3word build the wall
campaign deni melania trump' speech plagiar part of michel obama's. thi make the situat funnier  famousmelaniatrumpquot
ladies: a man will chang when he want to. which is usual after you stop forc chang on him iamonfir
turn on a footbal game and declar the area around the TV
I almost expect him to kickass but sadli it didn't happen XD 
imtoooldfor explain to you that the US presid ha a job to do instead of f*cking around on a golf coars or… 
fredrick of hollywood softenabadguy 
A research ha highlight the suspicion of mani that the elector colleg ha trace of black slavery.
"On the bright side, i'll never have to worri about a guy just date me for my look"
beingblacki blacktwitt poc blackisbeauti blacklivesmatt staywok 
smoke a joint at your desk howtoloseyourjob
"topvideo arizona senator: trump must ""take more respons positions"" "
have spent year in a collag to stay smart but alon
“her dress is awful” whatclintonwrit
pigeontoday what a cutie😊
"« To many, total abstin is easier than perfect moderation. » saint augustin"
"trump is right! statist reveal there are 820,000 illeg immigr in the u.s. who are convict crimin "
"""mi name is brittani foreman...and today I wit voter fraud.""electionday "
*room get quiet* stomach: I shall now play you the song of my people.
"ifihadabodydoubl I would stay origin anyways, caus there can onli be one me"
charliecalley63 hope it help you
"wisdom is know what to do next, skill is know how to do it, and virtu is do it."
desper seek a boy name sue addasongruinamovi
donald trump talk child care; chelsea man end hunger strike (10 thing to know for wednesday) 
coldwar20_en is it good or not?
voter head to poll for do-oev elect in 78th district state rep race  stloui
german intellig warn of IS ‘hit squads’ among refugees. trump wa right again. don't accept refugees!
islamistheproblem  prayforsyria prayforpeshawar prayforankara prayforistanbul prayforpari prayforbrussel
pleas don’t go away. please? No one’ ever stuck with me for so long before. –dori (find nemo)
thi young woman cri after barack obama' elect in 2008. but how doe she feel now 8 year later?… 
brian doherti say rand paul’ strateg is ambigu 2016elect
".realdonaldtrump: ""we will build a great wall along the southern border."" "
you creat your own reality. origin unknown
"the scene at the democrat convention: hunger, heat and storm  |  "
hillaryforprison2016 don't vote for a crimin tomorrow! trumpforpresid
cancelplansin5word  I hate all of you
momin5word  joy the pillar of strength! ❤
"let' don't say goodbye, I hate the way it sounds. jasonaldean"
brussel islamkil une pensé pour no ami le belg
"lastminutegifts2016 a chees wheel with lil processed, salti meat encircl the chees wheel"
master Of puppet 
ireallylikeyoubut the onli person you listen to care
"""kill a law enforc offic should be a capit crime punish by death""~ sheriffclark "
trump suggest clinton email link to iranian' execut 
"101-year-old black woman: ‘if trump wins, I will pack my bags’ "
cnn &amp; msnbc cut guest mic to protect hillari clintonpart 1 
reasonswhyineeddrug our countri is rule by hypocrit 
the cutest trump support i'v ever seen! mstrumpral 
"“i, racist” by johnmetta  blacktwitt  blacklivesmatt"
cancelplansin5word  I just don't want to
when the go get tough...th tough get tenderized!!! songshannibalwoulds
thi is realli should be a thing 😂😂😂 
made out of human skulls.
senat decis reject obama veto of 9/11 victim lawsuit bill  polit
hände weg von merkel merkelmussbleiben
like you were shakin it for some paper love rap
thingsinventedwhilehigh mac and chees mix with dog food
"wir haben rekordbeschäftigung, unser arbeitsmarkt bleibt in schwung merkelmussbleiben carpoolkaraok"
faharm würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
mynewcatchphrasei  realdonaldtrump putin' littl poni
survivalguidetothanksgiv  know you alway have a chair!!  lol
merkel hilft anderen in europa merkelmussbleiben
trump cast doubt on clinton’ stamina in wake of mild pneumonia diagnosi  polit
pro-putin parti win landslid victori in russian elect  world news
"michael savage: ""the onli peopl who don't want you to own gun are the peopl who want to own you!""2a nra tcot "
2016electionin3word earli voter regret
 headshot)
thi is pitiful! Be safe. blacktwitt 
jame bong (agent 420) stonedcomicbook releg marijuana hemp cannabi pot weed stoner mmj
so good made video!! 
thi hispan trump support came to the US legallyand thi need to be normal!evangelicaltrump 
nevertrump independ candid say he can pick veep after elect  polit
how mani more? how mani more lives? will there ever be peace?  prayers4california
how about stop fund terrorism? there will be no need to prayforsyria 
how could the feder govern allow the movement to destabil the society? batonrougeshoot 
i'm pretti sure we should not let thi happen to america! that' the exact reason whi we need trump so badly! 
Al gore to join hillari clinton on campaign trail in florida to talk about climat chang  polit
OR america OE hell useyourhead crookedhillari maga hillaryforprison2016 neverhillari  podestaemail trump2016  #… trumpforpresid
"clinton, trump navig polit of polic violenc  polit"
🚨breaking🚨wit say there' a bomb threat happen in utah!!  kyla moulton livestream on FB now.… 
"clinton, trump dig In for next phase of campaign  polit"
"when we first met, I had no idea you would becom so import to me."
the washington red skin knee sexysport midnight
hillari clinton protect serial rapist bill clinton. she is the terribl choic for women hillaryclintonsearchterm 
our enimi will be defeated! mycampaignslogan
obama to meet erdogan amid anti-isi squabbl  polit
"jench78 dark side-effect, lol"
george.w bush and laura bush vote for hillari clinton
трамп о лозунге «хиллари за решетку»: Я начинаю соглашаться 
"soon white women will be as alien as ""white cishet men"" are now "
volleybal Of the doll summeramovi midnight
lol)) 
senatorfisch what action will you take accord to the water pollut with phosphoru near the american falls?!
senatorbarb instead of tell peopl about stupid robberi tell them about water contamin in the american falls!!!
isra leader meet with US presidenti candid 
the howdi boobi show  problematickidsshow midnight
"""the five peopl you meet In hell"
police: officer' 2-year-old son shot himself with dad' gun  
look like shit 
"topnew trump, penc visit flood louisiana as governor warn against 'photo op'"
"we'r get a women president, y'all. get use to it. tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
"trump: consid that clinton is under crimin investigation, I think presid obama ha a conflict of interest… "
i'm 100% sure that veri soon our dear lone star state will becom independent! 
america will never forgiv orlando ramadan celebration!!! prayfortheworldbanislam! wakeupamerica! 
N. philli lay out an unwelcom mat for trump 
when is the vice presidenti debat between tim kain and mike pence: televis and onlin stream...  polit
erdogan beantragt offiziel auftritt in deutschland. will er nur mit türken in deutchland sprechen?  sein ernst?🤔🤔🤔
I will leav it here for all those who still believ that islam is a religion of peace! 
you know that  soon we'll get rid of obama and a good leader will take hi place vegasgopdeb
marki mark and the funki bradi bunch addabandtoatvshow
"If you'r plan to host thanksgiv dinner, pleas don't. survivalguidetothanksgiv"
clinton may reli on execut order more than obama if she win  polit
caus onc it’ over the time fade your photo badday
pretti much the entir tacobel menu. thingsinventedwhilehigh
"donald trump: ""nobodi is go to bring job back like donald trump."" cleveland "
reasonsiaintinarelationship i'm afraid a girl might mistak me for her farther and ask me to be respons for her need
polit what would It take for the gop to rebuk trump?
icantbeurfriendbecaus if you vote for trump becaus you believ he' a canni busi man and not a narcissist sociopath
 astonishing!
derayformayori'm with you! 
ificouldntli i'd say you'r pretti
reasonstogetdivorc your first name just dont fit togeth like brangelina
5 takeaway from obama’ last convention: obama steal the show with a method takedown of donald trump’ ... 
obama caught in middl of unseemli spat over clinton email 
lessgracefulwaystoleav A huge cube of ice to leav hi world 
new videocloseup of hillary' feetclintoncollaps clintonhealth 
2ndamendmentday the best we can hope for concern the peopl at larg is that they be properli arm
thefirst100daystodolist make russian the second languag 😅😬
you drown in debt damnit
amen 🙏🏿elections2016 
" oh, I would chicken out!!!"
reasoniamnotpresid I wont steal money from the budget
where your talent and the need of the world cross
"hillary' doctor who said she wa ""healthy"" recent despit pneumoniadefinit a bad doctor..hillaryshealth "
trump secur $4m in TV ad time  polit |  
"trump jack rent on hi campaign after he stop self-funding, report say "
i'll tri to renamemillionwomenmarch ... all womyn unit (unless you'r happili marri
i'll be fight for you.
obama prepar to boost u.s. military' cyber role: sourc  |  
midnight redneckamovi friday night dog fight
and there' also a video 😊makehersmil 
"thingsifixwithtap my pink dildobut you alreadi knew it, right?"
jenn_abram there is someth wrong with the usa
I can't believ anyon who' been expos as a liar. So tonight' demdeb is garbag to me demndeb
« those that are most slow in make a promis are the most faith in the perform of it. » rousseau
with such profound convict hillaryclinton said she' not in anybody' pocket so it must be true! ccot gop 
"octob 1980 polls: reagan - 39, carter - 45novemb 1980: reagan won in a landslide..don't believ the polls!… "
obama' rasputin valeri jarrett gave benghazi stand-down order -  - pjnet 999 - 
brussel more refuge are not welcome! islamkil
sunny_day2222 asap
frau merkel ist unser geschicht und unser zukunft tagebuch
"dear liberals, do you realiz that you'r riot in respons to a democrat process? just wondering..."
ambidextr basebal glove secondhandgift
"insultingmovi  ex-men  stare caitlyn jenner, chelsea man"
trumpbecaus he’ independ of the republican establish or anyon els
trumpbecaus you pull for him. He is not go away. trump2016
"dear liberals, we just made some choic as a society. If you don't like it you'r alway free to gopresidenttrump "
 it` better in usa!
obama turn down a chanc to give trump financi advic  
redmennac I would like you to stop wast my time
"A quick remind to all femal sjws: thi is what they want for all of you, no exceptions. compar women in the mid… "
"islamkil prayforbrussel , everyon stay safe in thi time of disast brussel"
jenn_abram not sure who to blame
humoritarian weird
save the enviro mycampaignslogan
the unit state accord to hillari clinton 
"gimm a bullet to bite on, someth to chew kind"
fergusonrememb i'm so sick of these cop kill our black peopl blacklivesmatt
everybodi just take a second to see what’ in the cart. 
the price good men pay for indiffer to public affair is to be rule by evil men. -plato
you are love
alright all blacklivesmatt member are tri to tell me that vandal is okit describ the movement pretty… 
thinkin' 'bout broken bone world
whi do we even need fbi now? 
jenn_abram the troop don't interfer they onli watch
I wonder how flag-vand ‘protesters’ dare to call themselv americans. 
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
10 key to judg success of democrat convent  news
maketvsexi  yo! mtv fap
trumpenmexico! hillari is still tri to get to louisiana! 
islamistheproblem  prayforbrussel  thi is horribl when will we have peac  thi need to stop!
obama muslim buddi are at it again in mali. I guess we too should welcom them with open arms! islamkil stopislam
sometimesitsokto hate winter
the onli think I can`t understand is whi such huge fund did such a stupid mistake! hillaryfaild
imtoooldfor celebr christma with parent
clever_dov you never know where you'll find new fallout video 😂
trump settl legal disput with former campaign aid  |  
realdonaldtrump thank you donald trump! you brought hope back to america!
feel the contempt. iowacaucu feelthebern wakeupamerica 
whi would I play song on my phone? I have an ipod for that!  tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight
hakuna matata 
senjeffmerkley what` your opinion about phosphoru leakag from the simplot plant in the american falls?!
"charliecalley63 what year is it now, tell me, pleas"
I eat too much pizza 🍕  reasoniamnotasuperhero
peni the menac dickflick midnight
"snope caught lie for hillaryclinton again, justifi her laughter upon 1975 rape case "
"juanita broaddrick: ""hillari clinton is not for all women. hillari is onli for one woman, and that' herself.""… "
Is it go to be everi year now? oscarhasnocolor oscar
imtoooldfor choos between hillari and trump
viewer take note of trump' sniffl dure debat  
_slenderella_ moonbrokeheart smh blacklivesmatt peopledontgetit
"""trumpbecaus just 1 more thing 4 trump to do- as we say in hors racing-- win babi win"
salut your wort problematickidsshow
update🚨her is ted cruz' offici  endors of donald trump. 
swenschulz würde frau merkel 4. amtszeit schaffen? merkelmussbleiben
potu they can even use the boat they use to reach america
guten morgen mein lieben! ich wünsche euch einen wunderschönen tag! Es ist bald freitag! 😘 
not sure what hillari stand for 2016elect
"""we should be veri grate that the age of obama is final over."" ~ revclbryant "
when politician make themselv use i'll learn to ✈️ emojiaweekend
did presid obama' 2011 birther lampoon set in motion donald trump' presidenti run? brent larkin  polit
"good morning, patriots! novemb is coming, and we all are come closer to our chanc to take our countri back! "
"well, I thought clown march wa alreadi held and known as womensmarch "
the amount of lie we'll hear from hillari today will be enough to build 10 walls!debatenight debates… 
live blog coverag OF the dnc  bill make hi case TO dem   clinton lay out hi wife' list of accomplishme... 
clinton campaign respond to trump' threat to bring gennif flower to debat  break
say nocybercensorship cuz cybercensorship is real 
tim kaine' left eyebrow captur attent  news |  
"one thing you should know, no matter where I go, we'll alway be togeth forev and ever. –christoph robin"
lol imwithh 
hillaryclinton pleas go sleep!
5.whatiwantforchristmasin4word
"lordmonett As for help refugees... well, look at what' happen in europe. nuff said"
beauti thing happen when you distanc yourself from negativity.
hillari clinton tout earli vote number dure cleveland visit  polit
"AP fact check: trump, clinton and their debat claim "
"no, he would not "
40-yo muslim marri 8-yo! where is liber outrage?! 
topvideo obama urg congress to do more 
coupl dress like hillari and bill clinton in jail uniform at austin trump ralli hillary4prison sickhillari 
weedsillegalbut It work wonder for chemotherapi patients. Go figure?
inktankmedia brettb68 that` a littl bit sad 😞
hillari clinton think islam ha noth to do with terrorists. clinton' foreign polici will be anoth disast 
the bug bunni roadkil hour midnight problematickidsshow
brussel islamkil can you believ our govern are abl to protect our children?
airasia crash: faulti part  '  major factor '
chalk draw of hammer &amp; sickl on display as part of blacklivesmatt protest at hofstra... debates2016… 
I want one! 
"honorforthebrav i'm fed up with leftist propoganda, stop twist the truth now! cop are get kill on duti too!"
oops..man in ‘bill clinton rape’ t-shirt pop Up right behind hillari at detroit ralli 
"they’v spent money that could feed and shelter homeless veterans, the money that could be spent on healthcare. "
yet anoth reason whi we need a presid who can enforc strong borders! trumpolymp
suck what I got mynewcatchphrasei
d.m.ex machina robothiphop midnight
sometimestwittermakesm absolut murder my batteri
haiku_shelf okay
midnight redneckamovi eight-sist wive freak
"back by hillari and bill clinton, might stanford univers start 'stephani tubb jone vote r...  polit"
jeb bush campaign Is collaps As voter say No more bush In the white hous
"greenwich mean machine"""
"onli a lying, heartless despot would lie to the countri and families, but tell chelsea the truth. tcot ccot gop "
"4 Sr gen say ""thi is bigger than benghazi""  RT fallenangelmovi tcot teaparti ccot "
barri jenkins' moonshin redneckamovi  midnight
"clinton, trump to meet on debat stage, virtual tie in nation poll "
worstwaystoapolog thi 
4wordgreatidea Go play an instrument
citi prepar for possibl transit strike next week 
like a roll bone dogsong midnight
fan At wisconsin game dress In obama mask with noos 
hillari is healthy! lostin3word
never hillarybecaus what differ doe it make? 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv make for food not onli tasty, but also good-look "
have you ever been hate or discrimin against?
czech politician: islam is a “criminal” ideolog which deserv to be rank with nazism! 
the silver-hair surfer superoldhero midnight
amymelnyk whi didn't they sue trump right away? whi do they pop out of nowher just week befor the election? don't be so naive.
"jeff roe, ted cruz campaign manager: ""I think about endors trump everi day” "
the video screen glitch that affect wednesday' republican nation convent ha been fixed: committe on ar...  cleveland polit
"obama say trump ‘unfit, challeng gop to drop support  news"
the cat In the trucker hat  redneckamovi midnight
honorforthebrav whenev happen in our live we can alway reli on the polic
"the confeder flag repres the rebel spirit, the spirit of freedom and southern definit know it. "
hillari clinton shatter glass in dramat dnc video  |  
cnn is hillary' 7th biggest financi supporter!think about this! 
речь билла клинтона вновь сделала из хиллари человека 
holder' doj ferguson unit ha taint past retweet   RT tcot ccot teaparti conserv
obamalegaci repeat all the previou failur instead of learn the lesson of the past 
"ruinadinnerinonephras “you know, when I wa your age, I alreadi wa marri and had a kid!”"
"thingsinventedwhilehigh .....mi love life! (whoops......:that' not what you meant, is it?)"
trumpbecaus he’ veri wise person 😉👍🏼
icelebratetrumpwith forget hi real surnam wa drumpf
obama in athens: ‘the current path of global need a cours correction.’  
"there are no free speech papers, magazin or TV channels. they say us what the govt need to say! slaveryofspeech"
"blunt, on campaign trail, wrestl with trump fallout "
ernst to trump: stop with the name-cal  polit |  
mcfaul where can incom refuge be hous when they arriv and how doe hous impact integration? stopislam islamkil
democrat will be democrats!
"for hillari clinton, detail may doom econom messag  busi"
"for the sake of our futur and the futur of our country, we should make america great again!teapartynew "
"reallifemagicspel ""insuffici funds"" - a curs that can hit you next morn after ""just a few more shots, it' gonna…"
ikeepwonderingif peopl will get a life and stfu about polit on twitter.
trump win louisiana  
happi father' day to all the dad out there who love and cherish and do so much for their kids. iamonfir
doubl standard don't make us surpris anymoretcot pjnet 
"melania trump, our futur flotu makeamericagreatagain "
вот и berniesand проголосовал! electionday 
say that you'r let the dog out and use it as an excus to disappear for sever hours. survivalguidetothanksgiv
the latest: obama: slay a remind of risk offic take 
happi meangirl day! 
grandmast crash and the furiou drive- the error messag robothiphop midnight
imtoooldfor him 😥😭 
renamemillionwomenmarch we need to get laid
"when hillari say that clinton foundat scandal are 'all smoke, no fire' "
ihatepokemongobecaus it' even wors than porn addict
GM bill!! On my way! trumppence16 lockherup trumpforpresid
"In greensboro, obama say trump ha disqualifi himself for job at 7-eleven  polit"
brussel islamkil tomorrow is go to be insan when everyon I know wake up and hear the tragic news. prayforbrussel
and the winner of the presidenti debat is ... ken bone 
the in law are come  cancelplansin5word
obama warn against ‘a crude sort of nationalism’ or ‘tribalism’ take root in the u....  
ireallylikeyoubut If you unfollow me ................ you'r gone
valentinesdayin3word single. So sucks.
the first black presid to screw up americaobamaslegaci 
AZ dem sign poke fun at gop comment 
it' elect day! makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
he sing better than nikki 
"son is kill by muslims, in a muslim country, in a war that hillari supported..but dem attack trump🙄khizrkhan "
thetroublewithaddict it becom part of your life.
hillari clinton for president? even after all crime against these black people?trumpahorrormovieblack for tru… 
can you believ our govern are abl to protect our children? islamkil brussel
yuge crowd of deplor for trump ralli in miami! media pretend it' not newsworthy! 
rip sanbernardino I stand with you! prayers4california
thousand take to street in berlin to protest angela merkel’ suicid open-door polici 
"eddiebellz not ""mutt"" realdonaldtrump"
judg block releas of trump' video testimoni  local sandiego
"bit dark, hope it doe not lack joke and a bit of comedi "
morningjo 
sometim I wonder whi I bother talk to you at all
what to watch for monday at the democrat convent  polit
but that' not how it work 
the greatest act of racism commit in america wa elect the irrespons potu just caus of hi skin color! 
".realdonaldtrump: ""we can't take as a countri four more year of obama."" "
thi week in stupid libtard wakeupamerica 
sirgulli right
"but baby, i'v been, i'v been pray hard, usa imho RT"
hillaryclinton’ state depart allow million of taxpay dollar to be spent help compani outsourc ame… 
media ignor that clinton univers scandal Is wors than trump U 
hillari wouldn't have problem with plane' stair in china. hackinghillari 
foxandfriend tedcruz mistake? It wa intent deception! what leader fail to verifi info? ted lost in iowa!  tcot iowacaucu
"one can support ukraine,but not thi zurichgirl someonewhokillschildren"
hope trump can pull someth out of hi ass today trump2k16 trumpforpresid
mad about you impos tariff on soft lumber midnight maketvshowscanadian
just my thought. prayer to all the victim and their families. prayforsanbernadino guns4ni
"look for substance, voter tune in for VP debat "
⚡️stop killary!⚡️no more polit dynasti in the white house⚡️hillaryforprison⚡️demsinphilly⚡️dncinphl 
be told to stay hidden guns4ni
atlant city’ trump taj mahal to close amid labor disput  polit
"clinton, trump buff foreign polici bona fide on debat eve "
At least 1/3 of refuge are isi sympathisers. refuge are sunni
🏈 doubl tap if odel is just beast 🏈 kevinhd 
dumbgeniewish I want to live in fantasi world!
valentinesdayin3word sex more sex
the custom is never right. howtoloseyourjob
i'm not sure how I got to thi side of youtub 
you call that a dick?  makesexawkwardin5word
addabandtoatvshow danc with mazzi star
otherthingstodoin6second pierc my own nipples.
beunclassyin4word my boob are fake
cover the furnitur mybedroomin3word
new york bomber ahmad khan rahami wa a trump hater  ~ good muslim who love america love trump ❤️
supergirl can't be superhero yet superoldhero
clint eastwood know how To make america great again! He is alreadi in trumptrain 
"good morning, my friends, have fun "
they`r too hot! 
"At rest, however, in the middl of everyth is the sun."
ihavearighttoknow if I should blame it on the rain or not
donald trump' speech alway sound like he' tri realli hard to impress an ex he just ran into. rncincl
"john kasich and famili worth between $9 million and $22 million, new file shows: for kasich, the f... …"
and facetun mustbeban 
ambul and death onc again! gazaunderattack
iamthankfulfor music  tasiasword iamanitabak
the illuminati thingsinventedwhilehigh
'we cannot afford for clinton to be president.' ~ geert wilder 
wednesdaywisdom from ronald reagan🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
bestusatoday hahahah look happi
4wordgreatidea educ cop about autism
rejecteddebatetop Is goldman sach subject to term limits?
sometim beneath a rough exterior there' a heart of gold. 
"don’t talk, just act. don’t say, just show. don’t promise, just prove."
youknowyoureunhealthywhen you'r hillari clinton
todolistbeforechristma stay in a huge line
thingspeopleontwitterlik bitch about not have an edit button
internstrangethingsfoundinyourb 
joe biden surpris volunt for hillari clinton campaign in cleveland  polit
"please, calm down and go with us tcot crookedhillari "
why?!? whi would they ban thi awesom ad?!?! 
barack obama is offici now a parasit (it’ an honor)  news
myemmynominationwouldb most stylish man aliv
thehil cindyblackwel12 blacklivesmatt peopl are black supremacists. they hate trump becaus he' white.
akura is the definit anim classic! makeamovierud
perpetu dumpster fire 2016electionin3word
oscarsoblack would have the same number of reason to be trend oscarhasnocolor oscar
obama is a disast and hillari clinton will be worse. No more corrupt politician in the office! thanksobama 
the first presid of the US wa born today in 1732 happybirthdaygeorgewashington 
wood to compet at wyndham
hillari clinton come to the columbu area monday  polit
trump urg viewer to skip clinton speech  polit
hmm🤔 did obama invit them to the white house? 
hillaryclinton We can't wait to see trump in the white house! 
clever_dov straight outta 101
clinton radic muslim must approv all US combat op  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
"wikileak releas 2,500 clinton' email "
banf nation park
De blasio want new yorker to just stay away from trump tower  
"60 law enforc offic fatal shot thi year, 20 in ambushes. sorosagenda "
reasonstoprotest your mom
1980: dem carter led gop reagan in polls.  map of elect results. brexit silentmajor maga trumppence16 http… trumpforpresid
"US barack obama""no ultim militari victori can be had in syria, onli peac through diplomacy""… "
theworstpartofdepressioni the second term 
white peopl don’t like talk about racism becaus it benefit them materially.
"move over, mannequinchallenge. the trumpscomingchalleng is send student flee "
"cornellburchet r0bert_hugh it' not the end, but veri close to it"
dncleak democrat themselv acknowledg that they creat isi under obama rule. obama is a traitor! 
coupl hundr frustrat women march renamemillionwomenmarch
when we touch and when we kiss 
dell the funki robosapien robothiphop midnight
let' make american great again trumppence16 trumpforpresid
"donald trump' doctor say he take cholesterol meds, in 'excel physic health' "
clinton  had plan to use hidden IT net to bypass state dept rule ccot dem gop ocra ofa tcot tlot uniteblu
"dismiss risks, trump goe all-in on bill clinton' past "
topvideo trump: clinton' server jeopard u.s. secur 
sexysport midnight  babi got track and field
clinton campaign say trump in ‘final meltdown’  polit
„darf nicht sein“ – merkel gegen härtere russland-sanktionen
"dnc step off in philadelphia with huge protests, high temp  news"
topoli
"I gotta make a move, I gotta do thi now If they don't know your dreams, than they can't shoot em down J cole"
more democrat decid to vote for trump becaus they don't want crookedhillari to becom our potus! 
"it' hard to wait for someth you know may never happen, but it' even harder to give up when you know it' everyth you want"
don't miss operationtacobowl We will beat liber propaganda &amp; hillary' race bait lies!
topvideo penc say trump signifi chang over statu quo 
idaho_vand can you tell me what are our next step accord to the water polut in the american falls?
We all have possibl we don't know about. We can do thing we don't even dream we can do.
keep the 2a! 2a conserv teaparti patriot 
"muslim throw gay from a rooftop in libya chant allahu akbarprophet muhammad would be happi to see that, r… "
islamkil veri scari stuff in brussel prayforbrussel stopislam
dumberbroadway phantom of the commun theatr abov A bowl alley
atlantabreak too fat for them
"happybirthdayharrytruman not all reader are leaders, but all leader are reader"
trump show heart and humil to black voterstrumpindetroit 
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your actions. all life is an experience. edq
"trump believ ""rule of law"" can be arbitrarili suspend for ""suspicious"" person "
you can’t blame black peopl for clinton’ losselectionresult 
young democrat for trumpnow you'v seen everyth 
noth of me is original. I am the combin effort of everyon i'v ever known
trump add deputi campaign manag for stretch run  polit
the who water thi down?! drunkband midnight
"“no, honey, I love you, i’m just allerg to your…err…sweat! reasonstogetdivorc"
MT bodybynance: who realli stood up and fought against amnesti and obamacare? tedcruz trust  cruzcrew pjnet
beyoncé come for y'all tax returns. staywok
becaus a girl live in england? 
nestl open $50m R &amp; D facil in solon: the facil is the culmin of a $50 million p... …
justic is someth unknown for the policeantipolicebrutalityday
wolfblitz  wolf IN sheep' clothing....   clintonbodycount  corrupthillari  cnn  wolfblitz trumpforpresid
islamkil IS want to polar europe. they seek to creat chao and a religi war between muslim and non-muslim brussel
So ask yourself is the lovin' realli gone
"six baltimor offic charg in death of gray, one with murder "
colleg student sound off on the rnc  |  
glass communion. makemusicreligi
reasonstogetdivorc tax reasons.
not much happen  mybedroomin3word
"for all those who blame polic for one cop' mistake! becom cop and tri to do better, ok?!"
We should get rid of obamacar a long time ago trumppressconfer 
"julian assange: “yes, we’ll releas email on clinton foundation, fbi will have enough to indict” "
obama issu $743b in reg 
"I come to you, on the day of my daughter' wedding, to ask you to fulfil a few favors... overheardatthewishingwell…"
So 4 member of a crimin enterpris and a knuckl head guitar player. neverhillari crimewithh  trumpforpresid
A healthi male adult bore consum each year one and a half time hi own weight in other people' patience.
you have no idea how strong you realli are.  whatiwouldtella15yearoldm
sometimesitsokto not talk to anyon for a week straight
problematickidsshow are you afraid of the darkies? midnight
islamkil how do you spot a terrorist in thi crowd of refugees?  brussel
"with clinton’ help, dnc outrais rnc in august  polit"
slaveryofspeech the freedom
compare! hondura - gun ban switzerland - gun requir for all citizensthat' whi we need 2a! 
"trump campaign close houston stop to press, public  |  "
"No person are more frequent wrong, than those who will not admit they are wrong"
foke trump ridicul accus and warn obama could be target by fals alleg  foke
"lordmonett um, doe kim K provid you with the statist on terror in the us?"
88 former militari leader back trump  polit
abil is what you'r capabl of doing. motiv determin what you do. attitud determin how well you do it.
"wakeupamerica,trump2016,veterans,nra,2a,freespeech,tcot,hialeah,miami, elnuevoherald,miamiherald,cuba   "
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm you'r beautiful.. you don't need it
"syria tcot To end syria' war, help assad' offic defect: AS the fraught syria peac ta...  islam terror"
"hack email overshadow democrat nation convention: some 19,000 email were publish on wikil...  break"
We need everi african-american to watch thi video &amp; understand how arrog hillari is.. evangelicaltrump 
ppchistori the poor peopl campaign will demand decent job and incom for poor american of all race and ethnicities.
istanbul nightclub shoot suspect arrest  
how much do our taxpay pay for take away thousand of jobs? shut down coal mine affect steel production… 
breaking: donald trump just reveal exactli how danger hillari clinton realli is…  
"go, mr.trump! trumpforpresid electionnight "
"donald trump express ""regret"" for campaign conduct  news |  "
still think obama can reason w/them? iran renew vow to 'annihilate' israel pjnet ccot tcot 
bc2dc16 less_b beccakeating1 pjnet makethecal bonniehsm321 emll06_sheryl retweeetpleas retweeetthi RT  
georg sorosimwithhernow 
"I can't take thi crap anymore, obama is get us broke gopdebatesc"
"clinton, trump put weak on display at forum on militari  polit"
it` better to avoid policemen than to ask them for help! policecolor blackoutday
valentinesdayin3word i’m not sorri
"fbi announc that so far 3,250 illeg have been arrest for tri to vote‼️earlyvot (via… "
massachusett deleg depart south station for dnc  polit |  
never bend your head. alway hold it high. look the world straight in the eye.  – helen keller
addcartoonstohistori nationalgirfriendday convert vector imag to web font icon 
iamonfir besties! 
facebook mustbeban
the most common way peopl give up their power is by think they don’t have any.
makemusicreligi you repent for Me
"all your freedom vanish at onc when an offic start ""asking"" you to do anyth antipolicebrutalityday"
inkofsquid and I bet you cri a river becaus trump wa undermin the US democraci that day. the exact thing trump protest are do
secondhandgift my signific other' ex
In the real world there' no such thing as 'free'. In the real world social inevit fails. snowflak generat… 
live in your mom’ basement mustbeban becaus I am alreadi live in your mom basement 
teenag mutant ninja nettl  athleticstvshow
mayb it the way she walk straight into my heart and stole it through the door and past the guard just like she alreadi own it
angelina love vs. velvet ski 
reach for the stars. origin unknown
"'with each pass day, there are more revel that confirm hrc inde is the queen of corruption' ~… "
don’t expect to see presid obama on the road for clinton until the elect is nearer  polit
polic say 11-year-old girl send explicit photo To other children  news
first black girl to attend an all white school in the US -- dorothi count -- be jeer and taunt by her white… 
carlo_vonsexton guess trump will cope with thi :)
myfarewellwordswouldb the white hous wifi password is…
the latest: report arrest outsid trump event in houston 
A retir gener in georgia goe to bat for donald trump  |  
whi 'halo 5' cannot leav split-screen behind   via 3tags_org pjnet
that look😂did bill see hi victims? debat 
trump is independ that' whi she is lose trump2016 
"how you make other feel about themselves, say a lot about you."
"and i promis to love her for the rest of my life who ever thought a day gone so wrong, could turn out lovely."
amaz hairstyl 
hillari clinton is an alcoholic. No wonder she ha health issues..worldmentalhealthday hillaryshealth… 
it' a rock 'n' roll kind
"renatekuenast sehr geehrt frau künastwir glauben, merkelmussbleiben, sie ist es würdig! wa meinen sie?"
reminder: the server is an illeg altern space for classifi info. It is a crimin offense. 
clinton roar against trump as a hack distract aris  busi
.realdonaldtrump that' total allright to rape your wife lol
biden tell baltic states: don't take trump serious  news
« Is life worth living? It all depend on the liver. » william jame
it' like you'r scream but no one can hear. wefoundlov
israel installiert überwachungskamera am tempelberg 
islamkil some terrorist abus refuge right to travel and commit suicid bomb or terror act stopislam
A clockwork orang drink redneckamovi midnight
donald trump boo as He walk into nyc vote locat  
trayvonmartin’ death is an obviou exampl of discrimin wearhoodiefortrayvon
good compani on the road is the shortest cut
"ted cruz rule out vote for hillari clinton: cleveland -- ted cruz will not vote for hillari clinton, he sa... "
school of brothers. midnight  fishtv
everi american will salut with pride when they see who trump brought to last night’ rally…  
today liber are welcom them
that' how hillaryclinton' banner should look like! 
"На предстоящих дебатах,  клинтон использует подставку, чтобы уменьшить разницу в росте с дональдом трампом.… "
otherthingstodoin6second watch all the good part of the big bang theori and still have six second left over
curiou kitten 
reasonstogetdivorc  cheat on each other is the main reason i guess
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....  tcot"
I gotta thank god cuz he gave me the strength to rock
democrat accus trump in racism the same waywomenwhovotetrump 
the msm turn a blind eye to veteran protest at hampshir colleg that stop fli US flag but wouldn't sh… 
"pastor darrel scott:  trump is under ""a concentr satan attack ...and i'm watch it everi day."" We all are."
little_jo_r washdconlin bernie. He is a real deal. except hi bulldog voic
"white hous admit iranransom might be fund terrorists.obama = money laundering, rig election, terror "
happi thanksgiv from lindsi starr iamthankfulfor:  via youtub
how mani peopl watch the first presidenti debat between clinton and trump? 
"газета south florida sun sentinel официально поддержала клинтон, а также чем плох трамп "
islamkil each of the 1993 world trade center bomb terrorist wa an asylum seeker👉how'd that work out
10 takeaway from the democrat convent  polit
british mom win US judg OK to see son held in trump threat  | 
idrunforpresidentif siesta were an inher part of the routin
flashback obamashutdown: senat dem vote To cut vet pension instead of welfar for illeg  uniteblu pjnet
"« everi exist thing is born without reason, prolong itself out of weakness, and die by chance. » sartr"
"privilege, pride and patriotism?ok "
"aguirrefer: trump move with instinct, he work with intellect and he saw an opportun and took ittrumpenmexico "
 I just hope it not a singl
trump and clinton were forc to compliment each other 
i'm realli proud of all conserv young people! 
ewerickson resurg play by noshowrubio!
trump offer nation secur advis job to flynn  
the world unit in the fight against globalism! join us!let us sing trump anthem togethergod bless america!… 
betteralternativetodeb twitter battle: the one with the most rt win
"blacktwitt purewhiteholli use twitter sole to promot hatred, zimmerman her hero, joke about trayvon martin' death."
obama ha cut defens spend by $1 trillion in hi seven year in offic and want to hous muslims? No way. 
addabandtoatvshow green day acr
when you find out she/h play world of warcraft without you reasonstogetdivorc
50 shade of tessa
thefirst100daystodolist twerk 
"trump in miami: ""take gun from hillary' bodyguards, let' see what happen to her""trumprallybirther "
night slaughterhous cowtv midnight  there wa even a bull 
I will try!! 
ifhillarybecomespresid i'll move to mexico realdonaldtrump 
pmalerban none of them. obvious
"fasterboard you'r a few centuri late, man. islam terror is what' happen now!"
"""deplor racists"" alway look so angry..basketofdeplor "
myanmar presid pledg smooth transit after meet with aung san suu kyi
mccain spar with media over trump  polit
"polit doe trump have a shot at win washington state, given it number of working-class white men?"
humoritarian ooooh!
imalwaysokwith cake. life is better with cake.
de moin regist endors clinton for presid (earlier)  polit
wtf??? 
My ancient blockbust membership card...th ghost of blockbust past secondhandgift 
who control the rain conspiracysong midnight
democrat parti sue gop over trump’ elect rig claim  polit
trumpbecaus donald trump is roast all hi oppon lmao and it seem to be working. makeamericagreatagain 🐮🐄🐃
christma list:  – killer eyebrow  – a boyfriend  – anyth edibl realli  – selfi skill
whale from the darksid fishtv midnight 
"onli you can see thi ""injustice"" "
e.t. phone takeout!  onewordoffmoviequot midnight
altonsterl 6 shot in the chest.
trump say he’ll revers obama’ execut order on cuba  polit
"gun free kill zone is a sick idea of a frankli mad president. thanks, obama. teapartynew "
thank you for sharing! 
maketvshowscanadian Eh is enough midnight
whatiwantforchristmasin4word you you you you
hey anim protectors! Do you know how mani anim die dure ani vaccin production? vaccinateu
"In donald trump' empire, $650 million in debt and opaqu tie  polit"
forb headlin oraclevoice: how To save $150 billion: move all app dev and test To the...  uniteblu tcot
clinton enlist republican for swing state ad  polit
If one of my tweet catch your eye pleas RT it so other can see it too. :) pleas and thank you. god bless you all
harri style set for solo stardom after one direct split
poll open in about an hour in north carolina get out and vote trumppence16 trumptrain maga! trumpforpresid
african american for trump!peopl are sick of democrat' racist divid and conquer tactics! 
renamemillionwomenmarch strap-on in stride!
onc bitten…eaten fulli fattenamovi
indian win second-half open at twins: the cleveland indian earn a 5-2 win over the m...  cleveland sport
"thi woman fals scream ""rape!"" when a black man ask her whi she wa watch him with binoculars: "
eric holder and an administr of cowardic [video]  pjnet ccot tcot ididsocnu rnc rednationris tpp gop
more than half of clinton foundation’ major donor would be bar under new rule 
makemusicreligi hindu you think you are?
air forc one with short mustbeban
demis of nato: anoth obama foreign polici fiasco pjnet tcot ccot tpp 
sometim I just want to scream the word
usa doesn't need hillari to be our next potu hillaryrottenclinton  
&amp; don't expect me to follow what your religion requir from you! not gonna happen. trump2016islamistheproblem 
ihavearighttoknow when there is hashtag game on. So whi didn't you tell me.
jenn_abram f*cking witch
bae ruth sexysport midnight
norleansdaili that gallantli
hillaryclinton said benghazi 'wasn't her ball to carry'  
huge line for trump speech in phoenix! 
trump2k16 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
clinton hope to steal trump' thunder with VP pick: tim kain had emerg as the lead contender...  break
clinton campaign cancel elect night fireworks: offici  
they don't come to integr into our societi they come to integr our societi into their dar al islam~ g.wilder 
"If you like her, if she make you happy, and if you feel like you know her---then don't let her go"
"trump hat verloren, aber clinton nicht gewonnen,w hat tv-duell gewonnen?usa debates2016 debatenight analys"
RT if you are also tire of the celeb parad their fake love for hillary..broadwayforhillari 
"A gun is a tool, no better or wors than ani other tool. A gun is as good or bad as the man use it  prayers4california"
rudi poster on serg ibaka! sacramentoproud 
forest hump redneckamovi midnight
ani US state is perfect perfectstatein5word
ireallylikeyoubut I don't know whi I keep fall for you
act as if what you do make a difference. It does.  – william jame
explain it all 
trump said to have use ‘tax avoid maneuver’ in 1990s: nyt  polit
trump tell black churchgoer in detroit ‘i’m here to learn’  news
"A man want to rob a shop and bare a gun with him, definitely, gun’ fault tcot gardencityshoot"
behind the scenes: imag from the gop nation convent  polit
greenpeace-demo gegen trump vor us-botschaft in berlin  
"kim kardashian, kendal jenner didn '  t give permiss to domest violenc"
clinton chide trump as her plane prepar to leav vega  polit
"clinton, sander fight after tight iowa race . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....  tcot"
what if I can't forget you?
"britain, wake up! "
"when a girl tell you about her problems, it doe not mean that she' complaining, it mean she trust you. happymonday"
"muslim have donat over $250mil to hillary' campaign.of course, she won't blame radic islam!deb "
type of racist attack that never make the headlin 
lastminutegifts2016 A roll of toilet paper for those that don't want shit in their lives.
"gop turn to security, divis on convention’ first night  news"
medicarey On My wayward son  retireasongorband
thingsthatshouldbecensor those sticki sweet share it thing on facebook.
"obama will travel to louisiana tomorrow, amid critic that he fail to cut hi summer vacat short "
somedayidliketose my plan final come togeth
at&amp;t is spi on americansjust like social mediajust like most websitesjust like the govern ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
election2016 donaldtrump hillary4prison rncincl  stophillary2016  trumpforpresid
all sign point to shut the fuck up you desper asshol unlikelymagic8ballansw
media will never show you this! look forward to watch debate2016! 
thetroublewithaddict realli just come down To suppli
everi lesson form a new scar
agre 
don't let our countri turn into socialist shithole. say no to hillari clinton and rig system trumppence16 
"calderwa hahaha, and you'r so educated. have a nice day, einstein!"
japan elect key to world' biggest nuclear plant and abe' energi polici  news
it' so upset! the put wast in spring water near american fall So scare I can`t breathe! phosphorusdisast
merkelmussbleiben für immer girlstalkselfi
chomp! dogsong midnight
thi is horrifi and not an isol incident.blacklivesmatt 
tim kain to campaign at cmu thursday 
ezrianial At least she' not marri to a candid who back stab hi support and sold out for hillari
politweec good for him!
trump campaign manager: 'noth ha changed' on immigr  polit
"mayor giuliani: 'there' no black america, there' no white america, there' just america' "
thi is a no no.  podestaemails34  wikileak trumppence16  trumpforpresid
donald trump is guarante to win — as top joke target  polit
redneckamovi 'murican tale midnight
obama is allow us to be infiltr by refuge who will turn into troop for isi islamkil stopislam
"congratul from russia! rt, please! potu trump clinton vote"
thoma the sex train  problematickidsshow midnight
breaking: fbi just announc huuug breakthrough in clinton emails! thi will ruin her…  
rioter have target white people. blm is movement of racist and thugs.milwauke 
these celeb are move to canada if trump wins..but what' wrong with mexico? 
breaking🚨 clinton campaign network hack – refus to cooper with fbi..dncleak  
watch: father of benghazi victim: hillaryclinton lie to me and the american public 
nationalfreedomday ir is be use as a polit weapon against gop parti flyyourflag
more die from drug than guns. read &gt;  2A nra pjnet tcot teaparti rednationris 
"state sen. doug ericksen: ""you cannot do harm to other citizen in your protest.""notmypresid "
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A date websit profil pic
"""if we don't turn to god at pretti rapid pace, we are go to lose the unit state of america"" ~ phil robertson "
"""thingsthatshouldbecensor kanyewest' polit opinions*"
got him 😉 ethan dolan 
catcher in the samurai japanamovi midnight
jenn_abram get marii or go to jail... what' the choic about?
"RT ""france24_en japan say it will destroy north korea missil if threat to territori "" morningjo tcot pjnet"
hillaryclinton celebr confederateflag day everi year as arkansa first ladi 
capcom understand nypd 
osteopolari superoldhero midnight
A portrait of the artist as a boyband onewordoffbook midnight
gameshowhostpickuplin Of the 100 women survey what is your favorit thing about me?
obama want gener drug option gone: nyt endors secret trade agreement unavail To the public  tcot pjnet
patienc as we wait to take action is a kind of compassion mind. impati on the other hand can be a sourc of failure.
"fbi director defend clinton email probe, document releas  polit"
"tell them you ""didn't have sexual relat with that woman"", they are dumb enough to believ it. tcot ccot gop "
trumpbecaus if he is a presid there wont be anoth cold war 🍘
ir should think of a better excuse! nationalfreedomday
drunkband third pie-ey blind midnight
freedom of espresso politicalfood ?? No politicaldrink
Is there ani senc in patriot act at all? surveillanceday
trump escal fight with gop leader  news
more than 100 celebr pledg to work against donald trump: polit extra: donald trump deliv a 10-point ...  cleveland polit
hillaryclinton clinton foundat wa creat as a small buis one day
the final cost of obama’ vacat will well exceed $100 mil.
watch the next presid tedcruz tonight in the gopdeb vegasgopdeb
the fact that democrat are still go to vote for hillari clinton is also disturbingwakeupamerica 
staywok 
"hold on to patienc wear thin, i can't forc these eye to see the end."
not one black person in the list: 
what to do about refugees? No agreement in europe. islamkil 
billi nye with scienc midnight earthdaysong 
tofeelbetteri snack
 snow is a real danger!
donald trump connect ted cruz' father to jfk assassin lee ...  |  
don't put a limit on anything. the more you dream the farther you get.
the petti economi of the rich are just as amaz as the silli extravag of the poor.
chuck woolery: ted cruz is closer to reagan than anyon in thi race.  cruzcrew pjnet tcot ccot cruz2016 
we'v alreadi 14 year of no result spying. enough! surveillanceday
We don't need so mani camera stop spi on us. teapartynew teaparti cctv 
hillari clinton in cincinnati critic donald trump' mexico trip: ohio polit roundup  polit
trump keep tweet that it' time to vote in arizona. wrong!  polit
njemm008 thi branch would immedi break under the weight of an averag anti-trump sjw
serious y'all? an y'all be ani more damn cute? ugh.  😍😍potu flotu blacklov 
txrandy14 germani took in refuge as a humanitarian effort and what happens? women get mass rape in cologne. stopislam islamkil
sidneysheldon: A blank piec of paper is god’ way... quot quot magicalquot
howtoloseyourjob  show up as the real me.
hillaryclinton you can count on it.. count on me vote for trump. realdonaldtrump neverhillari benghazi neverforget trumpforpresid
tweet celeb account run by their handler  thingspeopleontwitterlik
"трамп заявил, что охране клинтон надо отказаться от оружия:«посмотрим, что с ней случится» "
police: suspici powder found at trump tower not hazard 
trump step back from birther claim with new controversi statement birther 
"otherwise, he would not act like an idiot.teapartynew theteaparti polit "
donald trump can still win the elect – here' how  |  
aquafabr goodand you?
retweet if you play any: ✔ basketbal ✔ footbal ✔ volleybal ✔ basebal ✔ hockey ✔ soccer ✔ tenni ✔ golf ✔ cheer ✔ track ✔ wrestl ✔ danc
pretti spiffi liar maketvshowsaustralian midnight
shame hillari buy ad on whether channel ahead of hurricanematthew to tri to exploit the crisis..… 
iamthankfulfor skinni jean and mega screen
hoobadrank  drunkband midnight
highschooltaughtm that snake like to come out of hide
jaredkushn
my4wordnewyearsresolut buy a fuck hous
ihaveadreamthat my bank account would be self-regener 
hillari want to increas terror threat 500%!! 
four wed and a funer for a friend midnight addasongruinamovi
the secretservic is a state within a state! We don`t know what they are do there! serviceofnosecret
video: donald trump releas statement on vulgar remark about women 
ihavearighttoknow everyth
obama slam suggest of muslim test in wake of nice attack  |  
keldeawin8 someon think that' it' a good move? I doubt so! 
"just becaus you can't see the air, doesn't mean you stop breathing. just becaus you can't see god doesn't mean you stop believ"
otherthingstodoin6second switch that dial from that  k-ind o-f b-ore station to z1063
mkmknani lol
"""mi sole and exclus mission is to go to work for our country, to go to work for you."" nakedtrump "
We give a damn on what iran talks! kerrydosmth
трамп считает обнародованные фбр документы равносильными отзыву кандидатуры клинтон 
morn spin: durbin say democrat face 'uphill' situat after trump-l republican...  
u.s. nazi leader see trump as white nationalist 'opportunity' 
icelebratetrumpwith eye roll
"“donald trump is run for presid becaus he really, truli believ he can turn the countri around."" - omarosa "
whi all the terrorist go to texas? texasjihad 
"🇺🇸 🇺🇸 🇺🇸veteran to donaldtrump : ""it would be an honor &amp; a privileg to server under you when you are commander.… "
islamkil refuge flee war
MT cruzgrassroots: conserv values? liber values? these are american values! tcot ccot  cruzcrew pjnet
watch: christi fals claim trump drop obama 'birther' fight in 2011
"ilove__butihate__ oklahoma university, hate oklahoma the state"
four in a row! rnh_93 just domin the oiler accuraci shoot competition. 
"st. tammani gop oppos causeway improvements, toll increas "
"oh, the loot season...mi favorit time of the year  keithlamontscott "
beyoncé just took the black panther parti to the super bowl! ✊
what if iran is go to spit on previou talks? gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
I wish it happen more often 🎉🌷 
serious cruzcrew! love it! Go maggie! pjnet tcot 
polic use pepper spray and tearga against peopl who were in a river to protest the dapl. 
"warfareww russian mod: we’r readi for syria dialogu with us, but threat against our militari unacceptable… "
dat wheels! 
"ohio sen. larri obhof say trump' run mate 'reassures' republican (video): ""I think that he ha a good tra...  cleveland polit"
"us, china expect to join climat deal dure obama visit  news"
michaelmoor say white peopl have a respons to reject racism and he' so accurate. 
I don't want to drive the countri into the ground reasoniamnotpresid
trump: 'there could certainli be a softening' on immigr stanc  polit
you'll never find thi clip on ani mainstream media outlet -  A protest in baltimor tri to avoid violence. 
"If jean grey met logan in the 80s, whi doesn't she rememb him in the first x-men movie? rejecteddebatetop"
“hillari clinton kill My friends.” “i’v known tyron wood sinc 1997” ~ tej gill 
I drink straight outta the milk carton.   whyimgangsta
"‘no vacancies’ for blacks: how donald trump got hi start, ...  |  "
tiffani trump: 5 thing to know befor her rnc speech  polit
today is the birthday of the biggest parasit there is -- barack obama. I wish him happi leav the office! 
cnn cut presid trump’ feed after he make a joke about the press.
I just realiz I love thi # becaus prequalifi what i hate w/someth i love help with emot detach  ilove__butihate__
guest column: slim likelihood of a landslid elect 
teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
there is a phosphoru leak in pocatello these event make me hysteric!!! phosphorusdisast
"when it come to real thing like fight terrorism, cybercensorship prove to be ineffect nocybercensorship"
trump unveil plan to boost militari spend 
childrenthinkthat they'r so origin
thi come out of berni camp. the clinton msm can't stop us trumpforpresid
obama celebratinginternationalfriendshipday👇 
ted cruz with neil cavuto after the gopdeb  via youtub  cruzcrew  tedcruz  pjnet
just one more trump' messag for all of us to understand what a person he is.to understand thi fact one more time 
iron munchi stonedcomicbook midnight
"trump campaign manag talk leadership role, intel brief  |  "
my4wordnewyearsresolut Be petti Be salti
"just had heat debat with a gop, say tht white ppl're oppress as much as blacks..&amp; then there' thi  via mic"
jimeastridge1 teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america libertarian republican 
donttellanyonebut your dog is in a plsatic bag in your back yard. If you don't wanna join it you better sign thi goddamn…
flashback: hillari clinton say tpp is the gold standard in trade.deb debatenight 
clinton email scandal: what hillari tell voter isn't what she told the fbi 
pile-driv miss daisi dickflick midnight
you want all the sexist (who are exclus white males) to stop objectifi you by dress as a vagina..… 
leak clinton campaign email cite kirk quot on iran deal 
"shocking: if you don’t show up for work, you’r go to be replac by someon who will "
"If you like your legaci you can keep your legacy, obama!presidentelecttrump "
cyber censorship can ruin our life nocybercensorship
"wwii vet ask trump, christi to help preserv friend' farm "
giftideasforpolitician collect edit of orwel
reasonstoprotest out of wi-fi
9 truli aw thing ted cruz and donald trump said about each other  
"after 8 year of a presid who kiss ass, we now have a presid who kick ass. "
japanamovi midnight  the pocket monster squad
france: It wa a beauti landmark church! now saudi-fund mosqu be built! 
"cori booker: dem must show contrast with gop' ""dark conve...  |  "
"rock hit polic cruiser window and bounc right in thug face. charlotte, north carolina karma! 😂😂😂😂 "
tim kain begin solo trip with ‘homecom rally’ in virginia  |  
avoid polit discuss at all costs. (nuclear option: chang the subject by discuss the kardashians) survivalguidetothanksgiv
 best movi kiss
"""half of republican voter will not accept a clinton win."" whi should we accept the crimin as our president? "
rip summer sixteen worstpaineverin3word
ron_fourni how do you spot a terrorist in thi crowd of refugees?  stopislam islamkil
"palestinian court rule elect in west bank only, not gaza "
"the funniest thing begin when crookedhillari start talk about her ""poor"" life. she' a joke and not a good one "
christi refus to comment on trump' remark about clinton
donald trump' mahon counti chair resign after 'inappropriate' comment about black peopl  polit
breath  otherthingstodoin6second 
how can such psycho patrol our streets? If the guy didn't know how to handl thi situat he would'v been anot… 
iknewweweredoom when huuuuugggggee becam a trend word.
A merri heart is a good medicin
(a)dvers (t)alent (h)ard work (l)ethal (e)nerget (t)ough (e)lit
"some donald trump support embrac ""deplorables"" label: polit extra  polit"
trump or clinton worstpaineverin3word
clinton campaign halfway to $1 billion fundrais goal 
o’malley say ‘to hell with trump’ american nightmare’  polit
liber would love it! i'm realli sure. the onli thing I can add is that republican have to pay for thi drink. 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari weather forecast
"topnew obama say more need to be done to grow wages, shrink inequ"
aint nobodi true as us you aint gotta like me i like me enough for the 2 of us  – royc 5'9
dem don`t care about anyth but power demswontpass
RT if you can't wait to listen to
trump offer low-key respons to munich attack  polit |  
n.y. time editor: i'd risk jail to publish trump' t...  polit |  
biden tell baltic states: don't take trump serious  world news
you can be fanat and peac at the same timereligionofpeac 
clinton alli play trump in debat prep  polit
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord so mani reason to believ she' not healthi
"clinton campaign mock christians, southern and ""needi latinos""bigothillari "
video: nake donald trump statu pop up in miami 
icantbeurfriendbecaus you think facebook is a high school do-ov
parent of slain dnc staffer to hold new confer  
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A fart in an automat car wash
ben garrison' websit shut down becaus of hillari clinton cartoon!😡😡 
how bill feel about hillary' speechimwithh 
b.j. and the drop bear maketvshowsaustralian midnight
it' disturb that the democrat have no problem with the facts. the fact be ignored. wakeupamerica 
ani gameofthron fan here? elections2016 
mercer say they are disappoint cruz didn’t back trump  polit
ronzheim wa sollt in der ersten lini f�r die jugend in deutschland gemacht werden?  jugendmitmerkel 
peopl think they can call the emerg servic from your tardi timetravelerproblem
"emerson, puke"
"5th grade mock election, regist high school voter  local "
i'm a neg creep and i'm stoned!
It will never rain roses: when we want to have more rose we must plant more trees.  – G. eliot
whenitimetravel it' alway back to that one time my pizza wa just the right temperature.
betterpotuscandid thi lady! 
now the question is: what wa the intent of the officer? the public need to know this.
jeder zweit arbeitslos in westdeutschland hat migrationshintergrund
"Oh anoth muslim refuge tri to destroy america!stay strong, ohio state university! prayforosu"
omg! isi is among us! i`m terrified! isisingarland
monsanto donat $1m - $5m to clinton foundation!  spread it so lib know! followthemoney 
thing hillari should be ask at debat :bill' rape privat serveremailsbenghaziclinton foundationdnc leaks!rt if you agree!
believ in yourself and all that you are. know that there is someth insid you that is greater than ani obstacle. ihq
gop' divers star not featur in cleveland  via news |  
"linda mcmahon, who onc call trump’ comment about women deplorable, gave $6 million to support hi bid "
american crime story: gari gill-mor fishtv midnight
"If they don't fight for you, they'r not right for you."
RT if you also think that trump is the most pro-veteran candidate! 
Me on electionnight electionday vote hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
our monday hashtag game host by giselleevn start in 25 minutes!
msm will never show you thi pic!spread it far &amp; wide! 
ruinadinnerinonephras I thought it would be safe to bring up the divorc by now.

republican VP nomine mike penc set to appear today in mesa  polit
whi didn't he just kiss hi hand?? 
"""the adventur time: magellan' expedit hahahahaha"
happybirthdaymlk thank for the inspir you gift to generations! 
highschooltaughtm you'v to be friendli to everybody. becaus you may find them outsid in posit to help you.
If onlytcot pjnet 
"union kontert schulz' warnung vor neuer flüchtlingskrise. aber da problem vorliegt, kann man da nicht bestreiten"
"2A stand for rights, no matter what they say "
fals trumpforpresid
clinton : obama should leverag democrat trade rift for better deal 2016elect
whatiwantforchristmasin4word some macaroni and chees
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm quick question! what if i'm fifteen?
icantbeurfriendbecaus i'm complet in love with you imactuallyw
hillari clinton take money from saudi and bill clinton is a rapist. she won't help women! womensequalityday 
clinton tri to blunt fallout from not disclos pneumonia 
put your frig sock in the frig hamper! otherthingstodoin6second
good word won't cover up ugli actions.
"becaus I made him an offer he couldn't refuse. ""of cours he want to watch you blow a chimp, dumbass!"" whyimgangsta"
I don't know but i'm think bout realli leav with you
MT kin2souls: democraci vs republic. learn what WE can DO TO save our country.  wakeupamerica pjnet
islamkil not all syrian refuge are terrorist but it a slipperi slope to just start let em in our countri stopislam
the war is here!  thi gentleman made more sens in 30 sec than obama for all time of hi presidency.. 
"clinton lead trump in pa., fl. in pre-video wsj/nbc/marist poll  polit"
love thi song 
"don't be anyon your not, be yourself ladygaga"
realdonaldtrump 
"oh, ok "
the new clinton/obama benghazi style cover-up  RT fallenangelmovi tcot ccot 
"🚨A must watch video🚨joeysalad hold up ""all live matter"" sign, get vicious attack by blm thugs.blm is… "
attention! don`t drink water near the aberdeen and american falls!!! it` contamin with phosphorus!!!  phosphorusdisast
thingsnottaughtatschool how to be yourself
"miss you, robinwilliam "
ahhh never mind I just want x-files. cattv
mexican presid vow to protect immigr insid unit states.epn do you want it to be seen onli by american… 
breaking🚨donald trump appear with bill clinton' rape victim befor debat debatenight 
doubl team play sexysport midnight
take notes:stop blame white peopl for trump victory! america vote for actual change! 
boycotthamiltonbecaus be gay doesn't give you the right to humili decent peopl 
islamkil among these refuge are isi train terrorists. thi ha been well plan
thingsthatshouldbecensor my mouth after two bottl of wine...
trumpsfavoriteheadlin donald J. trump offici recognis as the best of the best 
 unnecessari experiments!!
idontneedacostumebecaus there are better way to fuck with peopl 
"technolog is a queer thing. It bring you great gift with one hand, and it stab you in the back with the other. – C. P. snow"
think befor you ximwithhernow 
"nobodi is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry."
vet befor entri is the safest way to go. islamkil
"reinc priebus: “don’t believ the garbag you read, we’r gonna put trump in the white hous &amp; save thi country!"" "
I like the video! 
take your wife and get out of our countri releaseclintonsmedicalrecord 
R u serious? keep patriot act to spi on ppl just in case terrorist will commun via email? surveillanceday
taxesforalqaeda I wouldn’t be so bother about the issu if it wasn`t for our money involved!!! bring back our tax money!
trumpbecaus liber are limit in options. trump is not thinkbig trump2016 💅🏻👄💇🏼
hillaryclinton’ e-mail server compani got almost $1 million In gov’t loan after wipe e-mail 
share thi info! today Is blackpressday
самое большое объединение полицейских в сша поддержало кандидатуру трампа 
white peopl mad that malia obama is smoke weed when they kid be at colleg parti snort line of xanax
mikeb realdonaldtrump cnbc He probabl doe
topless parad stage in new york
nicht verflixt und viel mehr al umtata 
congression black caucu reject trump' 'birther...  via news |  
trumpbecaus yes! hill need to be challeng by a strong dem. he way more likeable. and i'm a conserv republican trump2016
signsyoureasuperhero lou'r a law enforc officerlawenforcementappreciationday 
be a turk thingstobeashamedof
" lol, dog ride a toy horsey!"
louisiana gop consid restrict aim at david duke  news
zwei züge prallten in süditalien zusammen - 10 verletzt  nintendoe3 
despic leadership condon the action of a dictat 
We will keep our god. We will keep our guns. and we will keep our constitution! 
"dear blm and feminist if our flag offend you, stop use welfar our countri provid you withtcot pjnet… "
mysaturdaynightin4word diner with my love
🚨boomsidney blumenth say hillari clinton wa neglig dure benghazi: thi attack wa certainli preventabl… 
thi countri is not a christian nation! - barack insan obumm gopdebatesc
"update: clinton diagnos with pneumonia, ‘recov nicely’ a...  | "
"trump, clinton begin spar over nation secur  polit"
"show me your ""malaha"" "
1️⃣2️⃣3️⃣ go! operationtacobowl is go to happen in few hours! RT to make it trending! 

trumpiswithy no matter of your color or orient unlik hillari clinton who'll alway be with wall street 
"I spay the schnauzer, but I didn't neuter the dalmatian  dogsong midnight"
dudeyouregettinga pregnanc testhappi new year!
bonniebless ccot whi conserv must join the battl for america On twitter 
trump revert to comb approach of primari campaign  news
ilikepeoplewho don`t afraid to be themselv
obama sneak syrian refuge into america earli in the AM morn islamkil
7 top quot from nasti second trump-clinton presidenti debat 
msm is sooo biased. 
trump support won't understand anyth more difficult than thi statement 
you don't need anybodi to tell you who you are or what you are. you are what you are!
"islamkil sinc you want these "" syrian refugees"" in our country, how about you let them move in with U brussel"
"nick of steel fit cincinnati, ohio   blacktwitt "
who' the foss athleticstvshow
It make sens
the latest: trump prais 'patriot' phylli schlafli 
hillari declar a war on americans. If elect she'll tri to hunt all trump support down basketofdeplor 
what are you do right now? i`m do nothing…
sometimestwittermakesm wonder whi the fuck i'm on twitter.
breaking🚨bomb threat in utah!!bomb squad and sniper-arm polic are on the scene.. 
maricopa counti certifi primari elect result  polit
".billclinton: ""hillari work to empow women"" except for them👇 "
No one' looking...   3wordsbetterthanilovey
talk of clinton win texa ha gop crave realiti check  news
attent turn to sourc of dnc email hack  polit
"beingblacki never cont more than up to one mississippi, becaus one more rural hole like mississippi is fuck w…"
My sharona  and My bologna (at the same time) songshannibalwoulds
those who look for the bad in peopl will sure find it.  – abraham lincoln
"""we will defeat radic islam terrorism, just as we have defeat everi threat we have face in everi age before.… "
mob squab fishtv midnight
hillari clinton' new problem  polit
"when everyon In our govern Is 100% corrupt &amp; deceitful, start with our presid it' time for wethepeople… "
problematickidsshow the I don't care bear
islamkil have you seen the crime mani syrian refuge R commit in europe? 
"""time to shut it down , too mani peopl live free here already."
he' also an air-forc veteran.but let' make blackhistorymonth all about beyonc and hatr toward white people! 
donald trump transform american polit like nobodi ever has. He dismantl the polit statu quo ~… 
andthenishouldhavesaid listen to oper neptun spear  
"hillari is a liar, how can anybodi vote for her? demdebatemiami "
hillari rodham clinton worstpaineverin3word 
angela davi on election: 'I am not so narcissist to say I cannot bring myself to vote for hillari clinton'… 
reports: escap n.y. murder shot and kill by police: dna evid reportedli found at a ... …
"As trump falters, more republican say they'll block clinton "
presid obama to hand over twitter account to new presid 
hillari clinton: trump and hi kid have kill a lot of anim  polit
incredible: trump Is smile from ear-to-ear after hear the news that just broke…  
humoritarian who will be faster?  😂
i`m gonna clean those dirti girl 
off hi messag again: trump vow to sue all femal accus 
"vaccinateu certainly, vaccin is useful!"
topnew obama declar state of emerg in florida on hurrican matthew threat
firework are fun until it burn yr hous
"republican state leaders, polit analyst react to trump’ comment  news"
"congressman issu statement on trump, use of stop-and-frisk "
well we will see how much you will talk about blacklivesmatt hillayclinton demdeb demndeb
"jeb bush protect our constitution, unlik hillari and berni gopdebatesc"
great! I like it! 
happi brexitday 
the latest: obama prais democrat chair after resign  polit
"steve harvey: ""we'r go to team up and see if we can bring about some posit chang in the inner cities."" "
her butt is huuuug  her butt is huuuug
feminist on their way to yemen to march for women womensmarch 
gopdeb we'r fed up with dem bullshit! Go republican vegasgopdeb
"caus the best treatment for an unwant guest who break into your properti is some lead, not some overhyp coffe… "
"In pa. coal country, trump is king "
"hey, berni supporters, are you happi about what is go on in democrat nation convent demsinphl ? "
thingsnottaughtatschool you'r not the onli person who can exercis the right to free speech
"A presid can’t be alway popular! happybirthdayharrytruman, he still is popular "
send hillaryclinton straight to jail. betteralternativetodeb 
I have not lost my mind  – it' back up on disk somewhere.
love and compass are qualiti that human be requir just to live together.
you know that  realli it' hard to know where the republican parti end and the tea parti begin vegasgopdeb
"""mi goal as presid will be to ensur that everi child will be place on the ladder to success"" ~ trumpcleveland "
thingsdonebymistak sit near aunt florenc at a barmizvah
hillari for prison! - let' make it happen!you'r a rapist! - thank yousometh is wrong with the clintons' ear
rnc 2016: 5 crazi moment of day 4 in cleveland  polit
trump should disclos ani pro-kremlin tie in campaign: mook  polit
renamemillionwomenmarch  the not accept the result of the elect march.
"amen, I wa roughli the same age. My whole adult life we have been be attack by islam. islamkil  islamkil"
"topvideo clinton call trump statement ""a direct threat to our democracy"" "
A nation cannot surviv moral or econom when so few have so much and so mani have so little.
"they can try, but they will never win "
"I guess they call him ""flip"" for a reason! "
target sue men who jump in to stop knife-wield man  local
"despit initi concerns, rnc deleg say they feel safe in cleveland: deleg impressions: sever delegates...  cleveland polit"
clinton’ middle-class ride -  via shareahol
see who can eat the most marshmallow betteralternativetodeb
"hillari stink of fraud, lie and stupidity! I hate everyth about her! neverhillari "
50 shade of smog californiamovi
In realiti there are way more string control hillaryclinton 
"please, don't forget there are true hero in police!"
trump respond to biden’ ‘take him behind the gym’ remark: ‘i’d love that’  polit
thi patriot' lawn is veri higheenergy!tuesdaymotiv 
hug me from behind and kiss my neck at the same time is a good way to melt my heart
thingstoknowabouttwitt find free bankruptci consult at: http//smartfinancesolutions.net yf1
trumpsfavoriteheadlin shock revelation: obama realli found isis!
red meat caus cancer makemehateyouinonephras
RT if you also want mr. trump' busi mindset in the white house! 
SO mani terrorist right under the nose of the cia?! texasjihad
stopislam I see a lot more men of fight age claim to be refuge then women and famili islamkil
"when politician tell the truth, it' clear that the situat is urgent. vote for trump! vegasgopdeb"
trump' tax mysteri point toward the deal around hi first bankruptci 
johnson won't be debat clinton and trump  polit
japan attack america - roosevelt bomb japan and they capitulated.isi attack america - obama blame guns.… 
🚨trump support rais $73k for hopewel church just in 8hrs!let' make thi church look better than it did befor… 
"hillari clinton releas 2015 tax returns, pressur donal...  |  "
mfw obama final leav the offic in januari 
what 2 former n.j. attorney gener said to fbi about clinton email probe 
when you can't call a trump voter racisttrumppence16 
shoshannaston trump makeamericagreatagain hillaryforprison2016 hillari is evil. she will destroy thi country. trumpforpresid
valentinesdayin3word hope spring etern giselleevn worldofhashtag
недавно опубликованные эл.письма вызывают вопросы об отношениях госдепа и clinton foundat  
rapper rhymefest to trump: come to chicago  polit |  
and it felt so good J 
I hate it when app order me to congratul someon with birthday!
more import than elect result 
"""we should onli admit into thi country, those who share our valu &amp; respect, our country."" ~ donald trump "
usa is the onli one place in the world where a climin can run for presidentdemocracyhillaryforprison 
"obama: ""islam ha a proud tradit of tolerance"""
« philosophi is the highest music. » plato
"ex-leader: sorry, but I have to boot you. me: why? ex-leader: your language. andthenishouldhavesaid: you speak english too, dipshit."
thingstodoinawaitingroom just... wait.
live like each day is your last! love like you have never been hurt before! sing like no one is listening! danc like no one is watching!
p-prioriti 
foke pier morgan beg trump to accept the result of the elect  foke
putin: u.s. in hysteria over alleg russian elect influenc  polit
Is snapchat the new speed dating?  i'll take my answer offline. snapchat timetravelerproblem
what ted cruz see as a yuge victori in iowa is realli insignificant. thi is why....   trump2016 tcot ccot
"trump: If clinton win pennsylvania, she cheat  polit"
obama foundat name jackson park home to presidenti library: the obama presidenti librari will be buil... 
lastminutegifts2016   An end with a twist! 
"babi I know what you'r wish for, and i'm wish for it too. samhunt"
.dineshdsouza: with the clinton we'r deal with a bottomless level of corruption; a basement underneath anothe… 
msm will never show you thi pic of beauti ladi support donald trump!womenwhovotetrump 
ihaveadreamthat one day i'll turn into a cartoon charact 
"realli guys, find a job tcot pjnet liberalsunit "
obama declar disast after louisiana flood  break
let us take arm guns4ni
the latest: penc doe the gator chomp at florida game 
todolistbeforechristma don't spoil anyth
"rudi giuliani on police: ""they put  live at risk for us whether we'r black or white or hispan or gay."" "
"trump meet with romney, a sharp critic throughout campaign  "
you'r serious all I want.
condoleezza rice prais rex tillerson As ‘excel choice’ for secretari of state 
kardin marx hofft auf klage gegen die ehefüralle. für viel ist dies entscheidung de bundestag unerträglich!😒
gentleman on fox new prefer blond dumberbroadway midnight
donald trump to rnc: We have to Go all the way  polit
"""it' unbeliev hillari is run for the most visibl job in the world and yet she' invisible."" -mike huckabe "
trump tweet arizona immigr speech is on  polit
 what a danger guy X)
coldwar20_en it' obviou
"the mask... nope, that' just your face  insultingmovi"
"In the end, success peopl will be those who bring their passion with them to the right place."
happi nationalaviationday! 
"show me your ""malaha"" "
alciniah backstorymom1 pppatticak camie2007  blacktwitt blackhistorymonth ontheshouldersofgi  
youknowyoureunhealthywhen you can't rememb the basic of your job. 
".bradthor: ""thi ha never been about gun control. thi ha been about fundamentalist islamist terrorist control."" "
trump reveal how tall he’ll build hi wall! trumppenc trump2016 
trump jr. compar refuge to poison skittles: darci cartoon  polit
We need jesu peac  prayers4california
it' insane! thi race war wa incit by obama &amp; hillary! racism wa almost dead until these 2 show up!… 
more differ in gopdeb candid than demdeb with a rich old white man 
trump help thi US marine👇 after obama and hillari left him to rot for 214 day in mexican prisontrumpsacrific 
write a nickelback song otherthingstodoin6second
ihaveadreamthat one day I will finish watch all the TV seri
life is hard when you think everyth is about you.
vote trumppenc today! trumpforpresid
trump shame ex-beauti pageant winner for sexual histori  news
"ccot""isi islam muslim 'history'. the mecca conundrum "","
there will Be snatch blood addamovieruinamovi midnight
obama crack a joke while talk about munich terrorist attack. He is an insult to america and all the world! 
sweet 
somedayidliketose dickbutt in person.
"Es ist unfair, scholz die schuld an den vorfällen zu geben. In jeder anderen deutschen großstadt wäre es nicht wesentlich ander gelaufen"
oscarformuhammad the peacemak oscarnom
thi is hillary' campaign right now!hillarysemail weinerg 
iknewweweredoom when obama renew patriotact
german fm: trump win could affect trans-atlant tie  polit
visitspudonka it could be
watch: wolf blitzer instantli regret ask trump about megyn kelli 
never cut what you can untie.
could a cyber attack impact elect results?  news
cybercensorship ha prove to be not effect against real threat like sanbernadino nocybercensorship 
"split over donald trump and cut off by cultur wars, evangel despair  news "
politweec we'll see
"when the democrat send their support to the tillerson hearing, they'r send their best "
"те, кто голосовал за обаму, не хотят голосовать за клинтон. сюрпрайз, маза фака "
trump on undocu immigrants: ‘we are go to get rid of the criminals’  polit
ilove__butihate__    I love prove you wrong but I hate when you prove me wrong.
love me love me pl retweet *) 
rejectedusesforcandycorn donut sprinkl
FC barcelona youth academy! La masia doin work! doubl tap for these littl guys! 
lmfaooo 
"everyon get out and vote, we need all the save from killari we can get. trump2k16 trumpforpresid"
weedsillegalbut so is marri your cousin
wisconsin recount: trump ahead by a further 3 vote recount2016 
senat pois to overrid obama’ veto of 9/11 legisl  news
beauti natur but life is hard! 
topnew trump prais 'stop-and-frisk' polic tactic
We need reform to our societi 
"I think one of the greatest thing about gop is the understanding, we don't point finger and we have class vegasgopdeb"
quot about voting. thingspeopleontwitterlik ( diealat ) 
zambian anxiou as presidenti elect result delay  world news
thi is on donald trump and fox news’ hands: now their war on blacklivesmatt draw real blood - salon:... 
hillari clinton photo illustr patholog lie in googl result 
ask yourself what is realli import and then have the courag to build your life around your answer.
group sue to halt ballot question on jersey citi elect time 
pleas god save us all! that can becom a fatal for us!!! phosphorusdisast
maliaobama smoke weed at lollapalooza. some peopl are jail for thi and some are just a president' daughter 
clinton vs. trump: the fight for ohio  polit
 I alway face it
"activist gather At trump tower, blast gop nominee’ treatment Of women "
imtoooldfor die my hair green. 
it' not about color 
ivanka trump star in new campaign ad to help her father appeal to women  polit
thank you trump and trump voter for embolden the racist shithead 
"15,000 newli discov hillari clinton emailsperjuri &amp; obstruction?hillarysemail "
protest break out in nyc over president-elect trump  
"stopislam need to keep secur tight and on high alert, no doubt the usa will be next to be target by IS islamkil"
ruinadinnerinonephras what' you gender identity?
I cannot keep up with thi social media.  I don't even have myspac and now I need a facebook too.  midnight tweetsfrom10yearsago
whi donald trump’ ‘not there yet’ on endors paul ryan  polit
obama begin hi final asia trip as presid  news |  
"boobs, lips. guitar and ac/dc!!! "
I hope he told it to our muslim potu to hi face. 
govot trump2016 potu makeamericagreatagain hillaryclinton trump hillaryforprison2016…  trumpforpresid
watch: christie' latest attack against 'elitist' clinton 
"obama to make case for clinton, hi legaci  polit"
"don't get those vaccin for the babies... just lies, they tell lie so well.. vaccinateu"
watch paint dri  betteralternativetodeb
todolistbeforechristma treat myself 
hillari know noth about how to rule our countri and doesn’t care about our countri demdeb demdebatemiami
A few photo from tonight' staten island action! blacklivesmatt ericgarn   
alternativeacronyminterpret nra - No random asshol
how come that traitor are everywhere? congresidentlett
.sebgorka :“the onli peopl who should be worri about presid trump are america’ enemies!”maga 
midnight onewordoffmoviequot citizen watch
hmm🤔 and how doe michel obama feel about bill clinton rape women &amp; hillari cover for him? 
the latest: clinton say trump bulli women on look 
guess who will not pay attent to civilian be kill in syria? prayforsyria 
real housew of saskatoon maketvshowscanadian
breaking🚨investig uncov a dozen case of peopl vote twice‼️rt the hell out of it!voterfraud 
clinton aid link trump campaign to russian email hack  news
On today’ episod of “white tears: super bowl edition” beyhiv beyonc 
becaus thi man alon scare the corrupt d.c. establish to the point of make the media campaign for hillar… 
😱baylor' punter get trucked😱 
omg these protest are peac baltimorevsrac
islamkil can't believ what' happen in brussels! prayforbrussel
biden to speak at vigil for slain baton roug offic  news
valentinesdayin3word capone' busiest day
hillari may cancel her debat appear on monday. I wonder why.... 🤔🤔🤔 
iknewweweredoom the second hi queen becam angri and she grab her trusti bat 
"clint eastwood: 'everybody' get tire of polit correctness, kiss up...' "
"Be a father or a footbal coach, a role model or a symbol of hope"
trump say 'bomb went off in new york'  polit |  
humoritarian lol
"watch: bill clinton say he ""strongli supported"" obamacar just day after call it the ""craziest thing in the wo… "
"rebuf cruz lead, kasich declin to endors donald trump  "
".edrollins: ""it' veri much like 1980... i'm not predict a landslid but i'm certainli predict a donald trum… "
wikileak bombshel : chelsea clinton use foundat chariti money for her lavish wed and “life”… 
black faith leader reproach hillari clinton on religi freedom as enthusiasm chill 
gop reel after trump’ vulgar comment reveal 
ray bradbury: you fail onli if you stop writing. | writingtip write amwrit iamonfir
new wikileak emails: hillari pay4play w/ major ukrainian donor who gave her 8 million for a dinner!!spread it… 
hold me so i'm not fall apart.
If someon put their hand on you make sure they never put their hand on anybodi els again antipolicebrutalityday
head of daywithoutawoman lsarsour is mad that 22 state don't allow sharia law which is total against women' rights. 
brussel islamkil will someon pleas press it? prayfortheworld prayforbrussel 
"«она скажет что угодно и ничего не будет менять. хиллари нельзя верить, и она не достойна быть президентом».барак… "
"kain on trump: ‘the bigger we can win by, the harder it is for him to whine’  polit"
"trumpbecaus So glad to see realdonaldtrump is lead the polls, makeamericagreatagain trump2016 👬😱"
fact 
trump surrog struggl to defend candid on sunday morn TV circuit  polit
renamemillionwomenmarch the psychopath sycoph march
pretti much explain it all 
"To understand others, don't use your own perception. To understand yourself, don't use others' perceptions."
ezb-politik kostet deutsch sparer 436 milliarden euro. obwohl es auch kein auswirkung auf mein leben hat... 
wisconsin sheriff david clark celebr cop acquitt in freddiegray' death. 
bacon bit and model car paint. lastminutegifts2016
we'r take back our countri one star and stripe at a time.makeamericagreatagain 
behind the scene at the dnc: Of mesh vest and bradley cooper  |  
totallyfrustrat but they look like underpants!
mybedroomin3word alot of pussy!
yellow labrador dogsong midnight
what is the audienc demographics? US europ are major white. henc major white actor oscarhasnocolor oscar
"not just ani old russian, it wa a russian pedophile!  thingstobeashamedof msmli corrupt lockthemallup"
there' govern sheet. not people. one way to live in peac is thesecondamend prayers4california
"makemehateyouinonephras no, you can't leav earli today to binge-watch stranger thing "
"dogsong midnight  one nation, under dogg, indivisible....."
spiegel_al oh.. sie macht all richtig!
".realdonaldtrump: ""togeth we can save american lives, american job &amp; american futures."" trumpaz "
twitter battl on my4wordnewyearsresolut joeymangellamd vs. promettrelalun see result here: 
I just publish “i hillari clinton go to kill work class?” 
"breaking: miami-dad mayor end sanctuari status, cite presid trump' order."
activist call to abolish elector colleg  
wood open wyndham with best round in 2 year
for all those who still think that islam ha noth to do with terrorism!!! 
trump loss in iowa expos weaknesses: lo angel times: “trump’ second-plac finish in iowa ...  wtp2010 tcot
hillari clinton Is slide In the poll 
this. I will vote onli when there is a candid who repres me. electionday electionnight 
how crookedhillari stole vote in all 'hillari won' counti &amp; screw sander by steal hi votes.imwithhernow 
the act of eat fattenamovi
cancelplansin5word start a game of monopoly...
christmasaftermath cat occupi toilet for hour
love ha noth to do with what you are expect to get  – onli with what you are expect to give  – which is everyth
.realdonaldtrump On a refresh note...ahhh! trumpforpresid
iamonfir stewi miss breakfast! (they end up give me some xd) 🍳 
"wake up to find oneself metamorphos into a large, monstrous, insect-lik creature. thingsyoucantignor kafka"
whi are terror attack so frequent in turkey?
bc2dc16 apppray prayer_h pjnet makethecal peggyingod 247prayer retweeetpleas retweeetthi RT pray 
"wtf? He IS a convict rapist, he wa not sent to jail for swimming! "
the blackish key addabandtoatvshow
cancelplansin5word
disgrac ex-congressman sit behind trump at ralli  polit
"extrem larg line at trump ralli in sioux city, iowa!keep rting b/c the media will never cover this.… "
trump conflict overshadow attack on clinton foreign polici  polit
"should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?"
conserv bitch who are like 'oooh i hate nigguz' but when they think about black cock they orgasm in short  mustbeban
"dnc want your support for lying, undermining, and insult you. they'll lock you out if you don't comply. demexit "
just a reminder:hillari want 2 acceler the import of islam terrorist and releas those who are captur 
In case you miss it:creepykain said noth but lie &amp; slogans..mik penc absolut destroy him in the… 
captain marbl cake stonedcomicbook
"catch Me outside, how about that? tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
"""deplor racists"" alway look so angry...thegophasbecom "
MT terigright: tedcruz will stopcommoncore. scprimari voter choosecruz 2 rescu our kids!  cruzcrew pjnet
killari hillaryforprison2016 hillaryforpresid trump trumpforpresid 
'we do not hire liberals' 😂😂 best sign! must be everywhere! 
bei merkel hat deutschland kein feinde! merkelmussbleiben  innsicho 
trump say he’d accept ‘clear’ result after stoke doubt  polit
can i sit next to you sunni
"“trump is everyth hillari clinton is not he is blunt, direct and strong and speak hi mind and hi heart.” "
2017survivaltip don't play pokémon go
"krauthammer: 'iran payment wasn't just ransom, it wa money laundering'deb "
hillaryclinton fbi document publish  
texa to stop refuge aid as obama plan more resettl  news
obama tri to stay upbeat about the elections. these pictur of grim white hous aid...  
isi will destroy usa isisingarland
A bronx kale californiamovi midnight
".judgenap: ""we know with near certainty... that foreign intellig agent hack [hillaryclinton's] emails.""… "
theteapartynew funni humor liber dylanmoran irish comedian lol 
peopl are dump their newbal shoe after the compani came out in support of trump 
staywok 
thingsinventedwhilehigh the six shooter!  what a parti tool time saver!   Is what I heard...... *whistles*....... 
hillari on millenni dure the debatenight 
songmakesmetearup better in time -- leona lewi
michel obama in arizona: stump for hillari clinton  polit
impastur  cowtv  midnight
millenni mild about clinton should be terrifi of trump 
"sheriff clarke: ""I get tire of the liber left act as if black peopl are some sort of mental misfits.""… "
hmmm… 
"muslim slaughter over 10,000 christian and destroy 13,000 church in nigeria. msm keep silence! "
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid 
now it' time to recogn that soro is fund blm to caus chao &amp; also give super pac money! media not report… 
teapartynew theteaparti godblessamerica wethepeopl americanflag readyforrand randforpresid 
doe fbi director comey forget about this?? fbi now 99% certain at least 5 foreign servic hack into hillary's… 
whatiwantforchristmasin4word meet the dolan twin ethandolan graysondolan Rt If thi Is true pleas follow me back insta dolan_997685
bon jovi to help clinton get out the vote in pennsylvania and florida 
socialjustic tcot editorial: fight for social justic persists: they are fight for ...  uniteblu liber
"hillari clinton defend duckworth, slam kirk in tweet "
the courtship of ishmael father fishtv midnight
"ruinadinnerinonephras trust me, I know how to cook fugu fish"
betteralternativetodeb worldmentalhealthday  trumpisnolaughingmatt trumptap debat catsagainsttrump… 
never wa gop hypocrityc or had doubl standards. unlik our dem comrad  gopdebatesc
"guys, we'r look for a coordin for our event in philly. If you'd like to help, just DM us! trumppenc maga… "
gowdy: blumenth 'mere a conduit' for benghazi memo to clinton 2016elect
"trump: ""I have... no sympathi for leader who fail their citizens."" rncincl"
like if you agree!teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa 
RT intimaci is necessari for a spiritu practitioner.especi if that individu is tri to overcom their mental problem
"3wordsbetterthanilovey pizza, tacos, bacon. "
"trump: ""illeg take more from system than they can ever pay back!""phoenix "
macgeez superoldhero
imagin my surpris if explos in chelsea wa done by peac muslim... 
"rick santorum: social conserv 'should be veri pleased' with donald trump (video): ""number one, he pick m...  cleveland polit"
mittagspaus ist schon nötig! lollapallooza uswahl2016 scheinsteig sysadminday melania trump 
worth watching)  
"(ibd) pentagon want To scrap a-10, the plane isi fear most - pjnet 999 -   - "
masters!!  
"trump’ pentagon plan would add more troops, ship than plan  polit"
the pursuit of normal is the ultim sacrific of potential. – faith jeged
voc wrestl nation
"teamchinksmil3i it' ""you're"""
peopl die all the time from cabin intrus when drive atv 
former obama advis critic hillari clinton' 'unhealthy' obsess with privacy: polit extra  polit
incid like rooseveltfield are awful! hope thi idiot will be punished! gardencityshoot
i'm afraid of it! No joke if it will happen right there!! phosphorusdisast
"just a remind that testimoni of 2 women = the testimoni of 1 man in islamgood morning, and support real femin "
reasonsiaintinarelationship Im so so poor
hackinghillari hacking? like with a hammer or something? 
sid the climat chang denier midnight problematickidsshow
blacklivesmatt support haven't call him racist befor he decid to run for presid 
how much do you want to bet trump say …? vega booki are set the odd in tonight’ debate.  polit
so epic falling!  
breaking: muslim jihadist attack polic offic at penn station in nycw say bluelivesmatt after all of this! 
virginia is america' liquor suppli perfectstatein5word
trump would be 'dangerous' from global viewpoint: u.n. right boss  world news
"fact check: the final trump, clinton debat  polit"
"obama tout progress on islam state, warn of small-scal attack  world news"
"trump: ""million of democrat will join our movement, becaus we are go to fix the system so it work fairly."" 👏👏👏trump2016 rncincl"
chant moor - love' taken over  wakeupamerica teaparti tcot
when it’ slowli becom illeg for black peopl to workblacktwitt 
maketvsexi the night faulker .nilsanderson123
"hard working, tax paying, legal american for trump! "
ajc poll: georgian have more confid in hillari clinton...  |  
I did my part to make sure america becom great again. votetrump hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
I want everi african-american to watch thi leak video &amp; understand how arrog hillari is! 
poll: higher-incom voter back hillari clinton  polit
"blacktol | rememb black church burned, vandal with ‘vote trump’? you, people, are truli amazing. "
hous gop leader vow punish come for democrats...  polit |  
"wikileak just expos killary' tie to isis. what els do you need? she fund isis, ffs! wakeupamerica "
renamemillionwomenmarch the whi doesn't anybodi love Me march for attent extravaganza whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow
mccain mention in just releas clinton email 
man prove softwar stole vote in all 'hillari won' counties! dnc rig elect indicthillari imwithh 
"miraclechild charliecalley63 lol, what? did voic in your head told you that?"
songmakesmetearup sweet sir galahad and diamond
oneletteroffsport trump sandwich 
"7 buzzworthi moment from the kaine, penc VP debat  news"
mufasa prescandidatesbetterthantrump 
"trump to clinton.' you want to arm the rebels.' ""you don't even know who the rebel are."" debat"
the onli 'make america great' hat you realli need thi elect  |  
reasonstogetdivorced.  becaus he won't stop with the dickingbimbo 
politweec fire is so danger
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari open borders. At list they show us the real face of illeg immigr
american black are wake up to the democrat plantation!msm will never show this! 
my2017resolut wast as much money as I can
"trump warnt nordkorea: ""geduld ist vorbei"" "
goodlucky365 sac à lavag filet à ling lingerie.. confort sensuel my4wordnewyearsresolut 
"topvideo clinton: trump' rhetor ""hurt me"" "
idontneedacostumebecaus that’ what usual happen when I wear costum 
"i'm for truth, No matter who tell it. i'm for justice, No matter who It Is for Or against! "
here' fact check for you: hillary' '08 campaign start birther movement. debates2016 debatenight
"""a soon as you trust yourself, you will know how to live."" - johann wolfgang von goeth quot iamonfir"
straddl socialist stroll  renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday docthompsonshow rc_kri
"🚨bombshellclinton campaign chief own 75,000 share in putin-connect energi companytrumpdrseuss… "
todolistbeforechristma meet all the deadlin
name?
« and what is the greatest number? number one. » david hume
thingsnottaughtatschool telekinesi 
well it end today. election2016 hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
happi is good health and a bad memory.
midnight addcartoonstohistori   execut hip 
top cia analyst see like putin re-elect bid  news
beingblacki face injustic
"blacklivesmatt is the power movement. trump is a narcissist xenophob who gambles, lose"
den camp-aktivisten geht es auch um die autonom ehre. welch ehr haben hauptberuflich protestler? 🤔
"giuliani: ""hillari clinton wa the one who began the unrel vicious, nasty, horribl attack on donald trump.""… "
"hillaryclinton is not a good candid for thi job, he can't even handl her husband, and we talk about the nation! hillarynothnx"
happybirthdaygeorgewashington! He wa the first to sign the constitut 
"that’ our economi which need money influx, not hillary’ pocket demdeb demndeb"
stopislam islamkil time of explosion. 911 f**king assholes!!!!!! zaventem prayforbrussel
“the crisi is over:” suspect colleg shooter dead of self-inflict gunshot
woman remov confeder flag in front of SC statehous  news
whyimgangsta 
don't ruin a good today by think about a bad yesterday.
A fli cockroach. thingsyoucantignor
"trump gift purpl heart, say he 'alway wanted' one  polit"
istartcryingwhen I get it caught in my zipper. 
here' to all you who still believ that vote for corrupt politician somehow will fix govern corruption… 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm get the neck too
"brussel islamkil s***, thi is to scary. prayforbrussel "
brussel No entry..syrian refuge are not welcome! islamkil
ricki gervais: donald trump' presidenti campaign is 'a joke that got out of hand' 
trumpbecaus now peopl matter 😜
trump in virginia: We are 'the parti of lincoln' 
MT angelacarwile: levin: did obama cri when... rebootliberti  wakeupamerica pjnet
"the voterfraud is now proven. 18 million invalid registrations, 2 million dead!don't let them steal the election… "
topvideo clinton voic concern about at&amp;t-tim warner deal 
"rickspark are you done? you bring up stuff that is absolut irrelev to the convers and expect me to react, like we are 8."
"maketvsexi put it in the A, team. (a show about gangbangs)"
look ahead to 2020. betteralternativetodeb
A guy had a sign the trumpbabi didn't like so he made the crowd go after him reno  trumpforpresid
it' realli sadtcot pjnet 
I wonder whi no one fund peopl like him?blacklivesmatt 
"'i'm mot a politician. My onli special interest is you, the american people.' ~ donald trumpimwithtur "
"""thi boy actual fear the water. it' like kryptonit to him."" "
daili remind 
"sometim the peopl we'v known for a short amount of time have the biggest impact on our lives, even more than those we'v known forever."
"ronald K. noble: ""europe' open border arrang is an intern passport-fre zone for terrorists."" "
paul butcher world tour my4wordnewyearsresolut
their name are ad to the long list of gun violenc victim ...orlandounit
charliecalley63 not what I said
imvotingbecaus tire of the corrupt in washington hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
design who dress michel obama will not work for melania trump. notmyflotu 
compani gonna make money on bottl water in americanfalls! whatev they do it lead to catastrophes! phosphorusdisast
trumpbecaus usa realli need such leader 🍡🍦🍫
imalwaysokwith radic overestim my toler for just about anything!!!
hillari clinton’ iran deal support disqualifi her as commander-in-chief 
crookedcruz trumpisright trumpwillwin trumptrain trumparmi tcot pjnet ccot nra 2A 
anoth shooting. noth new in america. We need to fix thi issu and not be live it weekly.w need gun legislation! P…
obama' 'response' To louisiana flood VS how bush respond To katrina In 2005 
narrat people' lives: At the perfum shop! 😱 (make friend scare of friend xd) 
stonedcomicbook  midnight  V is for vape
halloween costum design by wichita mother get nation attent  news
obama' icon mic drop.shut up all the racist bigot who don't think a black man can keep a job. 
youtub video really. lie liar liar scumbag hillaryforprison2016 obamafail lockherup…  trumpforpresid
"Of course, not all of them are like this...nevertrump "
whi embattl trump may keep hammer bill clinton misde  news
 kim akrdashian' implant
"thing the left will never understand: logic, economy, and whi trump won the election.makeamericagreatagain "
outrage😡
brussel islamkil prayforbrussel bruxel jesuisbelg 
snowmobil fails!  i'll buy next year
whatiwantforchristmasin4word A girlfriend would suffic
conspiracysong you heard it on wat 
rnc day 4: trump becom nomine  polit |  
"sealteam6 death ""stink of coverup"" cmdr delta forc  RT fallensealsmovi ccot tcot "
hillari clinton want to rais tax for middl class. her support applaud it. idiots. neverhillari imwithh 
ryan move to quell freedom caucu upris  tcot p2 news
obama and hillari are the reason whi you need a gun!2adisarmh neverhillari 
votetrumpp  trumpforpresid
newt gingrich on donald trump’ tough week: he’ help de...  |  
via freedomfoa: trump: obama' real name Is barri soetoro  tcot
liber media is tri to promot deviat to destroy person given by god! teaparti theteaparti polit 
"trumpbecaus there’ an old german proverb to the effect that “fear make the wolf bigger than he is,” and that is true"
hillaryclinton thi guy came here legal &amp; he support trump!msm will never show you this! 
"analysis: clinton, trump tax plan are ""mirror images"" "
great peopl at trump ralli in everett! definit will makeamericagreatagain benghazi hillary4prison trumpwa 
god gave rock`n`rol to y bae!! 
secondhandgift grandmom' bra
"the current gun polici doesn’t need to change, we should protectthe2nd. clarifi election2016 "
well tomorrow vote day and all we can do is pray for the best. trump2k16 trumpforpresid
what happen at the dnc on day 2  polit
16 black model that total slay the runway In 2016
thingsnottaughtatschool where to get great wig 
"republicans, democrat critic trump for attack muslim parent of armi captain  polit"
"cry, liberals, cri "
"rememb call them ""super-predators,"" mrs. clinton? debatenight debat"
demdeb damndeb 
seced no matter what! there' too much at stake to count on the election' outcome. like &amp; share! make thi go st… 
I don't wanna go mysaturdaynightin4word
watch: 'peaceful' muslim beat children...american school will be the same under hillary! 
lotusamerican yep
old but gold. love thi picture! 2A 
happi 2ndamendmentday! To disarm peopl is the best way to enslav them 
brussel islamkil what to do about refugees? No agreement in europe.
thank jill for expos democrat fraud 
milwaukeevoic 2 suspect in laylah petersen kill due in court wednesday
trump left out of googl search for ‘presidenti candidates’  news
chariti begin and end at home  ♻️ with the clintonfound trumpforpresid
"m_mittiri ja, da stimmt leider 😔"
humoritarian american are becom more stupid day by day
trump' immigr pivot a buzz kill for coulter' book tour  polit
88 retir u.s. gener and admir endors trump! thi is the most import endors yet! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
audienc member to flotus: run for president!  (laughter) flotus: Be quiet back there. (laughter) 
doubl tap if you thought thi wa funni 😂 
vice presidenti nomine mike penc take center stage at rnc  polit
"cb poll say clinton lead in florida, trump lead in texa  polit"
oriol sign former top prospect jesu montero  
"thanksobama for thi inept, thug regime...."
"you say ""he can't"" but He can!realdonaldtrump makeamericagreatagain "
question is who can stand besid me and ride along with me! No one so I stay alon
makemusicreligi thi old testament Of mine
realdonaldtrump great poll!
hillari clinton also will be pleas with the duke blessing. 
dunlap: throlfing? what In the world Is throlfing?  news
"never look back. If cinderella went back to pick up her shoe, she wouldn't have becom a princess."
i`d DO the ice bucket challeng but not AS these guys! 
"defiant migrant in austria readi to test germany"" border control"
"An apple* a day, keep the doctor away.  *appl pie doe not count.  rulesforeverydayliv"
"scoobi doobi doo: you got a van, a group of hippies, one of them is alway eat"
46lauri watch  danni william pre debat press confer in la vega 
repgarrett Is EU go to reduc the amount of import muslims? stopislam islamkil
nixfe hillaryclinton realdonaldtrump thi is what I call polit
mike penc releas 10 year of tax return  polit
"herman cain: ""[barackobama] think he' the presid of the world, when instead...he' a fail presid of the… "
"""der islam gehört zu deutschland."" merkelmussbleiben tagebuch "
trump support allegedli assault black man  
lol hillari ha her troll work overtim tonight..lasttimetrumppaidtax trumptax
83-yo white woman wa beaten &amp; set on fire by blm thugs...media are silent... 
trumpbecaus strong relationship are the key 👬👭💀
bill clinton and tim kaine: trump lack empathi for khan  polit
hell or bong water californiamovi midnight
ihatepokemongobecaus I never got into pokemon and now i'm out of the loop again!
the dank knight return stonedcomicbook midnight
advis warn trump not to get rile by clinton in debat  news
ruinadinnerinonephras I my cultur fart are consid respect to the cook
"these girl are not racists, not brainwash and they support donald trump!trump2016 "
how trump and clinton are prep for the first debat  news 
the c*ckblock purpl dickflick midnight
that' how hillaryclinton should promot her campaign. she wouldn't even lie! 
"donald trump: ""the clinton have had their time on the stage but now it' time to close that chapter.""… "
and the hero of the day award goe to thi guy! pure fun. let that be a lesson to all protesters!
"crookedhillari is smug, arrog and sarcastic. To her onli blackvotematt "
"you hate thi countri but you don't move, becaus america is the most comfort place to hate america. what a dis… "
fact check: tim kain muff trump-nixon comparison  polit
obama is a joke!and crookedhillari is even worse.a vote for her is a vote for obama' 3rd term. 
"i'd rather have an enemi who say that they hate me, than to keep a friend whose mission is to put me down secretly."
foke trump wipe out clinton' seven point lead as she lose steam in poll carri out befor the fbi ...  foke
tweetsfrom10yearsago check out my myspac background midnight
"warfareww multipl shootings, polic hunt shooters, no one captur yet, sever dead "
drunkband midnight green puke day
newt gingrich just destroy bias megyn kelly: 'i'm sick &amp; tire of peopl like you' retweet to show him your L… 
"tobiaslindn hätten sie wa dagegen, wenn die jugend auch weiter  für merkel wird? jugendmitmerkel "
terrorizem noth ha chang in our defenc polici sinc the bostonmarathon
"""I work for onli 1 special interest group. american people.."" ~ donald trump "
just an interest fact about femal illiteraci in islam countriesinternationalliteracyday 
chri evan is the right man to replac jeremi clarkson as host of top gear
ha clinton email controversi impact her donors?
fli land on hillari clinton' face dure the debat 
I tri my best but thingsyoucantignor a kid throw a tantrum in public
"girl, anim    japanamovi midnight"
rate expect for trump-clinton debat are sky high  polit
jrkopacko cri jordan face will be on america lol hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid
presid obama pick the first muslim nomine to be a feder judg  polit
drmartyfox patriotsmarchondc contact: web► donate► tcot ccot usa 
ireallylikeyoubut I also like your sister and your friend plu her friends...
islamkil immigr without assimil is an invas brussel
franchesca goe on to call out the troll who critic gabbydouglas’ hairblackhero teamusa rio2016 
"hell will come to you, babi pretti"
all my prayer go to ferguson fergusonrememb 
delet after read (but she didn’t) makeamoviehillari
jihadist attack in chelsea is just a remind that we need a leader who' go to defend america! 
ificouldntli you wouldn't thank me for buy thi you don't need
and black sure he' black 
hillari clinton' celeb support unit for 'fight song' d...  |  
that' not what it should be. teaparti conserv 
trump2016 trumpforpresid trumpbecaus he could actual get shit done !! 😱😱😱
the god father wa an amateur. hillari would hire a person thug for everyon who critic her hillaryforprison 
If terrorist got in US the consequens would be horribl isisingarland
No word are need whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
imvotingbecaus it is time to rid washington of everyth clinton or bush maga trumpforpresid 
"some would die for thi flag, so these brat can step on it. what a disgrace! tcot "
demndeb good time for new fairytal from demdeb
"louisiana sen. bill cassidi conced clinton like to win, say he will work with her  polit"
clinton ask millenni for support while give nod to their doubt  polit
gop speaker fault clinton on benghazi death 
hillaryclinton lockherup neverhillari hillaryforprison  trumpforpresid
hillari clinton look to elect day and beyond: polit extra  polit
the big tang theori fishtv midnight
foke defiant trump admit republican 'leadership' are turn their back on him but thank fan for th...  foke
lifewouldbebetterif everyon isn't so judgement about everyon and everyth
my4wordnewyearsresolut onli call Me pooter
and be a brainwash hillari support doesn't realli help trumppence16 
My dog is soo jealou 😂 
trump say clinton must retract her ‘deplorables’ comment ‘in full’ to credibl campaign  polit
".ericbolling: ""sinc donald trump ha been elect presid the stock market ha risen like crazy."" "
"gute nacht, ihr lieben! 😊 "
"for the clinton crime family, sell out US nation secur is a famili business! "
"protests, march and more from the dnc in philli  polit"
honestli i don't got a fear except the one abov here come a violent yea  – lloyd bank
topnew trump defiantli apolog after lewd remark about women reveal
trumpaltrightfilm No countri for old woman 
.seanhann on anti-trump celebs: “I don’t know how we’r go to take four year of you whine &amp; cri like t… 
my4wordnewyearsresolut  don't ever forget beeroclock
offici talk of md. prison system downsiz 
stupid iraq is bleed from it wherever. peopl are say nuke them bigli and take their oil!probabletrumpstweet
potuslasttweet michel is a man 
"trump, on twitter, cite shoot as reason for black support  polit"
navi get $2.7b attack submarin sponsor by michel obama 
"mental will is a muscl that need exercise, just like muscl of the body. - lynn jen quot true"
makemusicreligi pastor dutchi on the left hand side !!
broken promis for broken heart  true love
pant clap fashionsong midm
hillari clinton becom first femal nomine of major u.s. polit parti 
islamkil jsui dégoûté de voir qu'il y a encor de con qui passent leur temp à planifi de attentats! prayforbrussel
"I wish I had teacher like that✊🏿2,000 seattl teacher show up for work in blacklivesmatt shirts. "
central watch look like a dead horse...
donald trump lead clinton 50-47.8 in AZ 
mullitt redneckamovi midnight
👆doubl tap for doubl flip👆 
"trumpbecaus ""now I play the 'trump' card!"" donaldtrumpforpresid"
chicken in every-bodi pot whatiwantforchristmasin4word
metal will live on 
"betteralternativetodeb pot game.....both candid smoke a joint, and then tri to debate...lol!"
clinton campaign manag john podesta appar think ericgarner’ death wa justifi 
the lawless bra-less renamemillionwomenmarch
midnight there' no place like rome. onewordoffmoviequot
despitewhatyoumighthaveheard hillari won't be more trustworthi as a presid 
bye bye potuslasttweet 
ask the black guy sit next to you what he think of donald trump.  thingstodoinawaitingroom  KX
that' how anti-gunn get shottcot 2A 
I got paid 3wordsbetterthanilovey
"trump: ""2 million more latino are in poverti today than when presid obama took hi oath of office.""… "
I just can’t see the point of these talk gulfstatestalk  campdavidsummit
you'r veri import to our country! 
rejectedusesforcandycorn earbud
r.e.mpty. My drink is empty! barkeep!!! drunkband midnight
stuff pocket w snack size piec of turkey in between bite   survivalguidetothanksgiv
I don't live by the rules. I smoke a 4:21  whyimgangsta
lgbtq commun in lo angel voic concern in wake of trump victori  
nice day isn`t it?
"soldier in battl gave their live to protect our freedom, our way of life, and to keep us safe  supremesacrificeday"
"fergusonrememb anoth day, anoth hashtag. just sad. rest in peac christiantaylor. blacklivesmatt staywok"
"you must see thi newest campaign video on open borders!please, share!liberalprivileg debat "
A real boyfriend:  – call you for noth  – text you all the time  – want to see you  – get jealou  – is overprotect  – love you
who wore It better rejecteddebatetop
demdeb as usual - without logic and common sens demdebatemiami 
thingsinventedwhilehigh mac and cheeto
 realli interesting!

john lennon - imagin  via youtub
cousin It  thingsinventedwhilehigh 
yankeesman1 rupertstiglitz inkofsquid I guess their hatr and extrem butthurt is the onli thing we have to deal with now 😂😂😂
We need to stop the negotiations! kerrydosmth
mass shoot wont stop until there are gunfreezon prayers4california 
sander ask deleg to accept clinton' nomin dncatphl 
that moment when you pick the wrong thillaryforprison2016 
hillari clinton to attend peres’ funer in israel: haaretz  polit
idaho_vand what will be your reaction to the phosphoru water contamin in the american falls?
nypd put teen in pink cuff after fatal shoot  
hillari clinton call donald trump' health claim about her a 'wacki strategy'  polit
the select of day wear is second to none  unlikelythingsheardatwalmart
"trumpbecaus realdonaldtrump will be the next u.s. president, don't give up man and don't let us down, we got this! trump2016 🌰💪🏼"
"whyimgangsta becaus i don't have to run around say i'm hard or gangsta, i get the respect with out word OG"
hillari will lie &amp; tell you the border is secur hope you won't see this! 
makesexawkwardin5word I kill my cheat ex 
9am: oppon in AZ to speak out against trump 
histori made! hillari is the first candid who is fund by terrorists!demsinphillydemconvent 
john lewi stage a sit-in nashvil in the 1960 v john lewi stage a sit-in in washington in 2016… 
the basket of adorables! 
"and the end of the country, as a result "
muslim kill peopl everi day but politician say us to be tolerant! realli sick! 
changethisandimhappi 
lastminutegifts2016 a prostitut
liber vs conserv 
topvideo children join trump on stage in wisconisn 
".govmikehuckabee: ""democrat need to accept the result of a fair and free election, which is what they lectur R… "
real refuge are good but didnt peopl see what these fake maggot were do at port in europe? islamkil brussel
"fall off the table, get swept under"
"for the first time in histori 15,000 border patrol agent endors candid (donald trump) for president! maga "
amazing!! 
maketvsexi   how I eat your mother
"it onli take one suicid bomber to blow up a bu or a crowd street islamkills"""
I love you as a friend makemehateyouinonephras
thetroublewithaddict is that you lose the track of the reality! 
"i'v never been perfect, but neither have you."
"logic: At demdebate, berni sander say the onli cure for bad gov’t Is more big gov’t! demdebatemiami"
realdonaldtrump 
choos your civil position.. 
peac muslim beat pregnant woman to death!reminder: hillari invit these savag to america!banislam 
echo
хиллари клинтон дистанционно проверили на детекторе лжи 
migrant in germany..womensequalityday 
bf: drink thi healthi drink dear :) gf: I don't need it.. it' a waste! bf: why? gf: see this: omg !
pleas show thi pic to your liber friend b/c msm will never show it! 
today' the day! poll open at 6 a.m. it' time to makeamericagreatagain! trumpforpresid
"trump onc said obama wasn't authent american. tonight, obama return the favor. "
"not the twerk or tongu wagging- i'll watch that! just the singing."""
islamkil pfff dit vindt ik verschrikkelijk brussel
topnew trump dismiss buffett' rebuk over hi busi judgment
demsinphilli in one picture! 
whi do the academi award need to enforc divers when the nba doe not? oscarhasnocolor oscar
A woman is like a tea bag
look at thi picture! it' nooot hillary! she wa replaced!!!clintoncollaps 
fightfor15 logic: keep follow dems' empti promis instead of support those who want to creat more jobs. or… 
MT stonewall_77: we'll remember. wethepeopl tcot ccot   wakeupamerica pjnet
hill street blue brother  addabandtoatvshow
"excit by trump, gay republican struggl with rest of gop  news"
joebiden worri more sexism will surfac if hillaryclinton is elect presid 
the percher  midnight fishtv
"hillari clinton: ""media doubl standard favor donald trump""me: wtf???laueringthebar "
"nato chief stoltenberg had posit talk with US president-elect trump on the futur of nato, amid concern in… "
my face make me wanna cri
ich wünsche euch gute nacht mit schönen träumen mein lieben! 
novemb raincoat fashionsong midnight
former turkish presid suleyman demir ha die in hospit
how mani rt for our police? 
"obama to make case for clinton, hi legaci  polit"
"""hillari also lack the mental and physic stamina to take on isis."" - realdonaldtrump youngstown "
"politweec hahahaha! Oh yes, I do believ you, whi would lie to us?"
"it' the onli time when I realli mean it say ""thanks, obama!"" for show us we need a true leader2016 election… "
allwentwrongwhen we went fish 
idontneedacostumebecaus I am a crazi religi psycho 
merkel: flüchtling sollten nicht unter generalverdacht gestel werden münchen ansbach 
they are superstar 
one pictur and demonstr more compet and secur awar than hillary' IT staff. debat debatenight… 
probabletrumpstweet gonna grab some pussi tonight
"trump Is sarcast on russia, say putin lead better than obama  polit"
let Me stand next to your fire hydrant  dogsong midnight
clinton pledg to answer trump’ ‘bigoted’ theori  polit
unit airlin pilot michael folk wa suspend for tweet about hillary’ emails. 
die vielfalt braucht zusammenhalt. merkelmussbleiben
democrat convent day 2: cnn vet the claim  via news |  
illgiveyou3weirdreasonswhy1. I don't need a man to make me happy2. I need a cat3. I need a cake
the latest: trump say he save machado' job  busi
and we shall never give that right away! god bless the second amendment! 2A 
whi don't we discuss donor of clinton foundat instead of trumpfinancialtips? 
bill clinton' ralli today drew a crowd of mayb ~50 people.american don't want anoth clinton gang of criminals… 
"ride dad"""
ich habe all verschlafen
tofeelbetteri chill 
"und welch antworten hat spd auf dies thema? ""wir brauchen mehr flüchtling und kein auffanglag in libyen""? "
sometimesitsokto not eat your vegetables. ferment grape juic is a fair substitut though 
icantbeurfriendbecaus i'm un love with you
speaker ryan tell gop colleagues: ‘we must deliver’  
A mosqu as extremist megaphon even in lead islam institut like Al aqsa in…  Mo tcot sioa muslim
happi bastilleday! 
islamkil how could terrorist get into a subway with all that suicid west stuff? brussel
I can be what you want me to be...becaus i'm an actress
"gute nacht, mein liebe! ich bin schon in bett gegangen 😘 "
sometim god allow what he hate to accomplish what he loves.  – joni eareckson tada
"richmond-area veteran react to clinton, trump remark dure vet' forum "
"that iphon look kind of cool, but I realli love my flip phone! tweetsfrom10yearsago midnight"
sherrod brown take on donald trump and 'rust belt' label in democrat convent speech: sen. sherrod brown d...  cleveland polit
mississippi agricultur chief on trump advisori committe  news
makemusicreligi it' good to touch the green green ass of choirboy
I wonder whi the media never give platform to peopl like temar sims? Do they think he will make them look bad?… 
california tri new tactic to monitor water use by marijuana grower   via 3tags_org pjnet
tofeelbetteri binge-watch someth till my hous is a nuclear wasteland.
most honest thing obama ha ever said 
that' So raven problematickidsshow midnight 
hundr gather to see donald trump at phoenix ralli 
"krauthammer: ""trump is run on...'i wa success in business, i'll be success as pres.' If you believ that you vote for him."""
father of slain muslim soldier say trump ha 'black soul'
"fuck em islamkil stopislam"""
betteralternativetodeb A top to bottom hand and toothbrush clean of a porta potti 
"😏😏if women are so outrag by trump' dirti talk, then who the hell bought the 80 million copi of ""fifti shades… "
We need to rememb reagan' word today! 
betteralternativetodeb non-foxi boxing.
In no time i'll be forgettin' all about you.
kansa congressman mike pompeo talk about vice presidenti debat  news
 so shiny!
die haft de berlin islam|isten au dem libanon endet in kürze. wa wird er mit der zweiten chanc machen?🤔
true! 👌trump2016 neverhillari 
email show feder immigr boss in OT push to swear in new citizen 'due to election' 
I saw berni sander endors hillaryclinton andthatswhenistartedcri
and we'r proud americans! tcot pjnet 
"mark the perfect man, and behold the upright."
"👍👍👍thi is a movement for all americans. join the trump train 4 a better future, for american first! "
russia' putin see attempt to manipul public opinion ahead of duma elect  news
latino trump support speak out!trump2016maga 
ilikepeoplewho keep their promis
boy deserv TO BE told theyr handsom AS much AS girl want TO hear they are pretti
wünsche euch einen entspannten samstag morgen! saturday 
ruinadinnerinonephras If you follow me i'll follow you back!
dick butt kiss sexysport midnight
sean hanniti 31 seal death a nation disgrac   RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
"these children sing ""freedom""i cri a little... ✊🏾 "
"mad manitoba"""
foxnew 'x-files' shatter records:   tcot
everyth that is wrong with the US in one simpl screenshot. hillaryforprison neverhillari imnotwithh 
david perdue: gold star famili flap ‘anoth media distract...  |  
dem want to unarm american so it'll be easier for muslim terrorist to execut us.stil gonna vote for hillary? 
you can't let other peopl tell you who you are. you have to decid that for yourself.
shawne counti race see posit secur ahead of gener elect  news
a present solut lol 
brussel obama muslim buddi are at it again in mali. I guess we too should welcom them with open arms! islamkil
reasonstogetdivorc she saw my browser histori 
hillaryforprison2016 makeamericagreatagain trumpforpresid
"trump urg pennsylvania backers: don’t just vote, watch for sign of ‘cheating’ on elect day  polit"
midnight redneckamovi chester by the sea
kati to notic me whatiwantforchristmasin4word
alleg airport gunman had sever run-in with polic  
god bless you spreadwordnow and god bless america. may trump be victori the entir world is at stake. maga  https… trumpforpresid
"fletch To wong foo, thank for everything! juli newmar addamovieruinamovi midnight"
Do you want the right of your famili to be protected? whi do you want other ppl to be left without thi protection? gaylovematt
hack email show clinton’ team push a neg stori about berni sanders’ appear at pos...  polit
gopdeb gop is go to save usagopdeb vegasgopdeb
the someth I got you last year but in a bigger box  lastminutegifts2016
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari A jimmi carter econom plan
clinton seek to tie trump’ race record to ‘alt-right’ polit  polit
redneckamovi illeg alien midnight
becom a master of it betteralternativetodeb
twitter user destroy clinton puppet jame comey comeyresign  
terroristen und linksextremisten wollen gegen den g20gipfel zusammenschließen?
trump’ ‘nasti woman’ comment boost 1986 janet jackson hit  news
trump voter could be the wild card for exit poll  
trumpbecaus .realdonaldtrump you the best 😀😀
memeorandum chipotl say crimin investig widen (associ press):   associ pre...  uniteblu tcot
2017wordoftheyear fart
one are persuad they are victim and the other are persuad they are racist from the veri childhood.… 
awesom 
delben bill would block ani registri of muslim 
liberallog 
"admir gener aladeen, star of ""the dictator"" "
yes! 
frau merkel spielt ein große roll für den erfolg der cdu merkelmussbleiben
"the most disrespect person in america, is the black woman. // malcolm X "
cascademal shooter wa confirm to be turkish muslim... now what about baltimor shooting?! 
awesom gross and funny! 
polit state’ anti-trump deleg in fail rebellion
"say ""benghazi"" to a republican deleg and watch what happen (video): We play a word game at the republican ...  cleveland polit"
clinton to address millenni dure event in philli  polit
jenn_abram it' imposs to pay for human lives...
let' honor those who made huge sacrific for the sake and the good of other 
dies flüchtling haben gar kein toleraz!!!  fast drei jahr haft in angriff auf obdachlosen 
thingsmoretrustedthanhillari justin bieber at gym 
donald trump jr. speak at neshoba fair  news
thumzap score $3m To let you pick Up your kid’ onlin shop bill  tlot amagi tcot
hillari clinton' big money vs. focu on littl guy  polit
I stand with united! offendeveryonein4word
sent  to: midnight  dumberbroadway
US sailor get 1 year of prison for be reckless w/ 6 photo of subhillari get away w/ 33k emails.. 
topnew hillari clinton' campaign HQ evacu over white substanc
trump look to appli new campaign disciplin at first debat  polit
summeramovi midnight snow summer on cedar
"sometimestwittermakesm want to dah dah run away, we got to duh duh run away..."
"interview with voter at an earlyvot station in liber austin, tx. find out who they vote for and if they tr… "
"you do realiz if democrat stop shoot people, gun violenc would drop by 90%batonroug freddiegrayrncincl "
"mustbeban mandal with socks,short with t-shirt tuck in,short sleev shirt with tie"
pentagon chief say more work need in sexual assault fight 
nocybercensorship We are about to experi a freedom blast when we elect
scholz (spd) zeigt sich betroffen und wütend: bei dem täter handel es sich um einen ausreisepflichtigen. barmbek 
thingshillarygoogl monica lewinski icloud hack
icantbeurfriendbecaus you support donald trump
 good one!
wtf strike again! these tattoo that are cringeworthy. imagin if 4 wa your child!
funni dog compil 
ihavearighttoknow whi is vanilla ice cream white when vanilla extract is brown
the best jennycraig ad in the world renamemillionwomenmarch
ificouldntli the world would be a terribl place to live
sometimesitsokto take stupid selfi at the bathroom 
stlouisdaili cool
just aw news! isisingarland
piqu break some ankl 😳😳🔥🔥 goalazo 
chopstyx13 I don't think anyon know it for sure accept obama and hi administr
"she stop wait for someon to save her, so she save herself."
never think it' just a fart rulesforeverydayliv
ignor your tweet   otherthingstodoin6second
"how obama made syria' civil war much, much wors"
oh wait…what just happened?? 
hmmm… 
martin schulz landet auf niedrigstem wert seit kandidatur. Es wär nicht ander zu erwarten!
lacross dress  sexysport midnight
politico polit clinton white hous pass up pardon for chelsea' father-in-law: Ed mezv...  uniteblu tcot
how is that possibl that obama underestim hi respons to congress? congresidentlett
baltimor mayor on donald trump: 'shameful' 
scaresomebodyin4word hillari clinton for presid 
midnight green bay pack it In sexysport
"what is racism? thi is when america hate black peopl but when one black girl win gold medal, everybodi are call her american pride."
margaretmcgui16 hog_wash44 you mean the exact situat or a metaphor?
danger north american snake 
R our soldier lay their live to defend a govt. whose leader r glorifi celeb who r destroy the moral of our children? pjnet
We have to deal with obama' anti-american polici and he call us terrorist when we'r tri to resist!teaparti 
"donald trump in miami, fl: ""I love that sign, black for trump!"" vote trump "
2A tcot the media is too busi tri to make anoth woman' scam look more like presidenti campaign 
whi should the boy pay for hi adopt 
MT jjauthor: the constitut cannot protect us unless we protect the constitution. tcot  cosproject pjnet
halt and catch and releas fire fishtv midnight
hillaryclinton rasmussen poll: 59% voter want to see hillary' medic records! 
ruinadinnerinonephras what do you mean whiskey is not a dinner!? 
that' right! If someon attack america we must protect it and kill the bastards. 
you know whi there' a second amendment? In case the govern fail to follow the first one gardencityshoot
MT 1207go: but you shall love your neighbor as yourself: I am the lord.   renewu pjnet 
"clinton bash trump over russia praise, but email show she prais putin "
how the hillari clinton-donald trump race is shape up in 5 bellweth states: here' where the poll stand ...  cleveland polit
i'm just an ordinari girl. sometim i'm lazy. I get bored. I get scared. I feel ignored. I feel happy. I get silly. –hannah montana
islam want you to die honestyin5word 
donald trump' hair. thingsinventedwhilehigh
obama urg african-american voter to protect hi legaci 
the US doesn't need such an incompet president!
sometimestwittermakesm happi I don't use facebook anymor
trumpbecaus It is a great pleasur to see thi trump2016 💐🌼🌷
politweec happi worldenvironmentday !
realdonaldtrump you will win!!!!!
reasonsiaintinarelationship 
"ilove__butihate__  I love curli hair, but I hate pick them out of my teeth. (too far?)  hashtagroundup"
angela merkel: scharf kritik an donald trump in regierungserklärung
wakeupamerica protestersarecrimin americamatt  
I don't. and I never will.teapartynew theteaparti polit conserv usa america 
whi 'halo 5' cannot leav split-screen behind   via 3tags_org pjnet
"ballot want peopl to vote dems, caus they can't win play fairelectionday electionnight "
dank merkel haben wir vertrauen in der welt zurückgewonnen. merkelmussbleiben  girlstalkselfi
debat bingo is my fav partso here'r card for tonight' debates2016 
facebook in a nutshel 
meet justin fcking bieber my4wordnewyearsresolut
world '  s oldest peach pit reveal juici secret
analysis: trump' promis of 25m new job doesn't add Up  polit
anoth epic santa barbara sunset on thanksgiv eve!  iamthankfulfor  garofalowx keytnc3alan 
thingsyoucantignor you know... 
poodleweiss dogsong amidoingthisright?
sprengsatz im auto versteckt: griechisch ex-premi luca papademo verletzt 
whateveryoudodont let the dog out
endors hillari clinton for presid show how much nytim is depend on herthat' no what mass media shoul… 
desper seek sumo japanamovi midnight
"""the level of corrupt throughout the polit system is overwhelming."" ~ ben carsonhillarysearpiec "
merri christma and kill it befor it lay egg 
obama reject to defin blacklivesmatt as a terrorist organ becaus attack on cop &amp; violenc spread aren't worth the attent
'islam is danger in a man as rabi in a dog' - winston churchil 
"So you'r move to canada after the election, eh? 10 tip to help you cross the border and fit in "
the scandal aren't phony. obama is benghazi obamacar nsa ir ndaa pressspi tcot tgdn pjnet ccot 
breaking: trump up by 12 point in a heavili democrat district in minnesota 
dnc 2016: five thing to know about jason carter  |  
makeamericagreatagain start from thi 
icelebratetrumpwith settl my presidenti campaign for 2028 electionjenna 2028!
clinton enter fall with key advantag in white hous race 
it' too late for crookedhillari to becom the first woman president. We alreadi have one. nobama 
reallifemagicspel pussiu grabbu - make liber liter shake
"kerry, chines foreign minist discuss obama visit, north korea  news"
mayb a littl brown liquor to take the edg off. survivalguidetothanksgiv 
north korea fire ballist missile... but.. but.. We were told that russia ha invad korea... 
queen man dodg $41g fine for put trump sign on tree  
slaveryofspeech as soon as govern get interest in lie to us inform get bias asap
thanksobama for make polic officers' live worthless
"arc4freedom agree, everybodi should protect hi world from invas but not flee to prosper wealthi (not very) countri"
donald trump on roger ailes' fox new exit: 'so sad'  polit
My messag to the notmysuperbowlchamp -er 
labour establish blind to their own fail that led to jeremi corbyn surg
donald trump tell christian conserv he'll repeal ban on polit endors by tax-exempt...  polit
No word can explain the way i’m miss you.
reasonsiaintinarelationship I hate explain myself everi time.if I don't feel like do it understand that No is a complet sentenc
jebwecan jeb bush is almost certain to jump into the 2016 race iloveobama
today trump look like a president.  sickhilari looked.... trumpenmexico 
".newtgingrich: ""at everi level the obama admin. cultur &amp; the clinton cultur ha becom dishonest."" "
 ouch!
Oh tast and see that the lord Is good. solidrockmbc ccot 
fappi days. maketvsexi
"alberta hill beavers"""
must see pjtv trifecta  pjnet pjmedia tcot tlot teaparti  
'we do not hire liberals' 😂😂 best sign! must be everywhere! 
elect day tomorrow – vote! realdonaldtrump to makeameriagreatagain trumppence16 americafirst watch foxldt now trumpforpresid
who is surprised? 
My worst fear is lose you.
 so. much. editing!!!!
foke barack obama welcom olymp hero to the white hous  foke
trump brag about crowd size but will it turn into votes?  news
"prayforsandiego prayer for our navy, shoot report at san diego naval medic center "
abgewrackt: da schmutzig end von deutschen schiffsfond 
trump: it' time to get on track  |  
obama/clinton massiv sealteam6 coverup obama  RT fallenangelmovi ccot tcot teaparti 
wendydavistexa is it the truth that isi is plan to attack texas? texasjihad
ghost in the shell without scarjo japanamovi midnight 
donald trump’ alli urg big donor to look past controve...  |  
black man charleskinsey told polic he wa unarm befor be shotpolicebrut btp 
moonbattery1 multicultur doesn't work indeed. We need to find an anoth way to unit people.
My dream will never come true...
"jenn_abram anoth place in my ""never to go to"" travel list"
istartcryingwhen I think about how sane ross perot wa in comparison to trump 
"obama, in china for g20 summit, expect 'candid' talk with Xi  world news"
No more slavery!w are civil people. nationalfreedomday
trumpbecaus you will be the guy I vote for mr. realdonaldtrump !!
"breaking🚨: At least 1 dead, 6 injur after stab spree at shop mall in st. cloud, minnesota!!chelsea"
one hundr billion dollar whatiwantforchristmasin4word 
"topvideo trump: 'obamacare' increas estim ""phony"" "
ccot can the liberti of a nation be secur when we have remov a convict that these liberti are the gift of god? ~ thoma jefferson
realdonaldtrump meet latinosfortrump! they are 100% behind trump &amp; want to build the wall! teamtrump 
He came with the messag of islam
free comb for everi american trumpcampaignslogan 
let the weekend begin!! 
I should stop get so attatch to people.
what to expect when you'r trek onewordoffbook midnight
old socialist buy $600k summer hous after the sellout to hillari clinton feelthebern norefund 
where i'm myself.  mybedroomin3word
"trump: ""we'r go to win north carolina. we'r go to win florida, too... we'r go to win ohio and we'r goi… "
brussel islamkil can brussel still be a part of europe? look like it’ gone long ago
"unshackled, trump unleash aggress attack on own parti  news"
"you can see what american want, just turn off your TV and go to trump rallies! trumppence16 neverhillari "
trump’ comment on crimea rais ‘seriou concerns:’ ambassador  polit
black rifl matter and blacklivesmatt doesn't 
I alway do like this)))) 
clinton hold ralli in north carolina  polit
betteralternativetodeb A lobotomy.
true love ha no boundari
money continu to pour into gop state senat race in st. charl counti  polit
i'm tri to be nice. | watch raven wired:  
"A jealou girlfriend, is a faith girlfriend."
the mexican hypocrit are get nervous.trumpolymp 
the sound of chew at the dinner tabl  thingsyoucantignor worldofhashtag
"thi is a joke, hillaryforprison2016 hillaryforprison2016 trumpforpresid"
My phone booth realli stand out in 2016 and georg carlin is dead. :( timetravelerproblem
thingspeopleontwitterlik  meme 
almost one-quart of the rnc’ black deleg are from ge...  |  
hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid
kanzlerin merkel besucht festspiel 
iamthankfulfor thi puto justinbieb
... 
watch: pat caddel say msm are crimin &amp; fill with lie 
trump urg support to monitor poll place in ‘certain areas’  polit
don't forget our monday hashtag game host by giselleevn start in 20 minutes! 
more pathet than hillari clinton are the one who support herhillary4prison makeamericagreatagain 
" yeah, man)))"
my4wordnewyearsresolut one path To success.
trumpsfavoriteheadlin miss univers renam miss trump 
clinton say she can't recal key detail about email server 
open your eye now befor you get hurt. –tiana (princess and the frog)
termin 2: electr boogaloo addamovieruinamovi midnight
obama’ half-broth will be at vega debat cheer for trump evangelicaltrump… 
mcginti speech at democrat nation convent pan as ‘plastic’  | 
these are the peopl who can stop islam of america vegasgopdeb
"realdonaldtrump hillari took $100,000 from a compani with isi ties!retweet to make sure everybodi know it! "
here' anoth peac muslim in action! actu_r eversfam 
hillari clinton knew she had pneumonia (..veri contagious) whi is she hug a child for a photo?!😡hillaryshealth 
here I come to save the day. (mighti mouse)
thingsinventedwhilehigh the platypus! 
"To free a nation , first arm it citizens. gardenc gun 2a gardencityshoot"
gov. nathan deal ha receiv backlash for say ‘color people’. 
"hillari clinton leav 9/11 event early, ha pneumonia (video) "
renamemillionwomenmarch beard women convent
We should be proud for shed light on the race issu in ferguson fergusonrememb
toavoidworki call in sick again an again an again
sometimestwittermakesm look normal
affluent over the cuckoo' nest egg richmovi midnight
sisterhood of the travel hous redneckamovi midnight
"obama see “construct work” to solv budget, zika issu "
"donald trump: ""I will cancel everi illeg obamacar execut order. we'll cancel all fund to sanctuari cities."" "
donald trump alway take time out to thank law enforc officers! true patriot!🇺🇸trumpindetroit 
hawaii 5-ohhhhhhh  maketvsexi
peopl love donald trump! the media and hillari can give up!sundaymorn 
"trump: ""noth is gonna chang if you vote for her"" "
🚨wow: anoth proof of voterfraud!! machin refus to allow vote for trump!!rt b/c media will never report this… 
obama want gener drug option gone: nyt endors secret trade agreement unavail To the public  tcot pjnet
donald trump vote for himselfcolor of the wall concern me 
dumbgeniewish rule the world
the aye team  maketvshowscanadian
intern poll show trump lead hillari by 48%. don't believ the media! trump2016 
caraskyl rbcreamer here is the link👇
"I am orang becaus it' the best colour, no one ha better orang than me, trust me orang is go to be great again probabletrumpstweet"
think rnc 2016 wa goofy? check out these polit convent blast from the past  polit
"let go isn't a one-tim thing, it' someth you have to do everyday, over and over again."
merkel hat ein guter leumund merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
"break - the state depart say the u.s. ha admit 12,500 syrian refuge in the past year exceed the a… "
reasonstoprotest anyth
cancelplansin5word I gotta get circumcis again
marlin famili fishtv midnight
howtoescapead spill a drink on yourself….ooop
'american are hungri to feel onc again a sens of mission &amp; greatness' ~ ronald reagan trumppence16 
honorforthebrav We are helpless to resist a crimin without our polic
clinton' nomin transcend polit for ariz. women  polit
clinton recogn for child advocaci  
If thi wa a black kid citi would be on fire right now media would be scream racism! but sinc it the other… 
thingsyoucantignor back hand comment about everyth you do.  there' the door baby!
"In blow to gop unity, trump refus to back ryan, mccain  news"
weather blog: calm and mild start To the day  
hillari clinton ha pneumonia; skip california event  |  
clinton: time for 'rethinking' of US approach to north korea  busi
"rob schneider viral tweet slam democrat ""it’ not russia, it’ you"" "
"well, it' not realli reliabl opinion realdonaldtrump "
ilikepeoplewho don't tri to impli their eat habit on  me
just made america great again magaselfi maga maga3x hillaryforprison  election2016     cernovich realdonaldtrump… trumpforpresid
"black dollar matter, - $17.00   blacktwitt blackownedstor onemillioncbv  "
In the earth tonight by chlorophyl collin earthdaysong midnight
"more than 300,000 vet die on waitlist!!!w need change!nbcnewsforum "
tom petti and the hip breaker retireasongorband
"renamemillionwomenmarch whatilearnedtoday   the ""whi won't anyon grab My pu**y"" waddl"
julian assang won’t say whether a foreign govern wa i...  |  
wa she talk about bill clinton? 
MT terigright: nation' largest teaparti organ endors tedcruz. tcot ccot  cruzcrew pjnet
"If there ever come a day when we can't be together, keep me in your heart, i'll stay there forever."
""""
senate' top democrat: 'donald trump is a racist'
ex-nypd chief of depart weigh in on trump tower climber 
"myemmynominationwouldb for nothing... just no one, nothing, get rid of it"
whi are black minist invit trump to their churches?  |  
vocemmoderatio patprivileg My bad
florida yes!!! electionnight 
"merkel kämpft für die rechte, überzeugungen der deutschen bürger merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi"
die hard plot buri in jeb bush' campaign websit 2016elect
"hillari about bill' victim includ gennif flowers: ""these women are trash, nobody' go to believ them"" "
boom💥 even the dnc admit that hillari is a mess👇dncleak dncleak demsinphilli rollcal 
god bless our soldiers! they are the elit of our nation and the guarante of our freedom! 
whi did we give a monopoli of creat money out of thin air to a privat [feder reserve] corporation? – franklin saunder
latino stand w/ trump! but the media will never show this! spread online! 
love me love me 
topvideo clinton: chelsea' role in chariti to be decid after elect 
100+ member of special forc commun endors trump on 15th anni of 9/11  
I could be all that you need if you let me try.
sie wird deutschland wieder stark machen merkelmussbleiben girlstalkselfi
happi 70th bill!your wife look like she' 100 year oldyou both are too sick to rule the countryreleaseclintonsmedicalrecord
demndeb all dem can do dure demdeb is attack each other for the mistak of the past
 I think you can feel dissi while using!
"trump dismiss question about $25,000 contribut as florida AG mull trump U. probe  polit"
2016electionin3words: liber are garbag
"whatiwouldtella15yearoldm It get worse, man."
"polic spray man with over 140 bullet in clinton, north carolina"
"snowden, manning...ben franklin?  whistleblow patriot liberti nsa pjnet 1"
rock band third eye blind infuri rnc concertgo dure chariti show  polit
lostin3word the three stoog
racist kill kaepernick jersey report to be on sale.they shot mlk for want equality.. 
just to make funni sign reasonstoprotest 
My daughter will be a mini me on everyth
gofundm everyon RT and donat trumpbabi maga imwithher2016 trumpforpresid
"weeni burn flag to protest cops, get attack by bikers, need cop to save their ass"
"thetroublewithaddict leav rehab, but now famili"
"roskam flip-flops, then flip back to back trump "
brussel islamkil what do you thingbabout the refuge in europe?
former n.j. woman who surviv 9/11 speak at dnc 2016
obama said He watch video of trump’ lewd comment on women  polit
"bless all the peacemakers, for they shall be call the children of god honorforthebrav "
trumpbecaus the biggest littl thing for entrepreneur is the lifelong commit to educ
 thi kitten is do yoga!
opps! I did It aga...squirrel! dogsong midnight
what do you know about reliabl sources?
"releaseclintonsmedicalrecord how are those four separ investig go for you,liar?"
stopislam islamkil eh recommencez même pa avec vo prayforbrussel la comm si ça allait changer qqchose
8ballbori how' that an argument? trump didn't sell out and becom hillary' puppet. He is with hi support unlik sander
ishouldgetamedalfor most self hatr
breaking: eli man just endors trump’ wall in the best way ever!  
 mad guy!!!
sheriff clarke: 'obama' set thi whole countri on fire with hi race politics' 
guinness!!! 
thingshillarygoogl awkward pantsuit 
clinton defend handl of classifi inform at state  news
"davidjelizondo your peac organ call peopl to call polic officersi it your understand of ""peaceful""?"
my2017resolut serv look even better
thingsyoucantignor direct messag in twitter
activist hang anti-obama banner on the arlington memori bridg in DC (via leroylovesusa) 
"nocybercensorship facebook polici is okay with isi group but ban for ""offensive"" post"
heidil_rn megynkelli blayne_troy thank god they let him speak!
iamonfir abc famili is air throwback disney show thi week only. bless
"""planet of the pinot grape"
who' the real hero?rt is for glen coffeelik is for kaepernick 
merkel durchsetzt deutsch interessen in europa und der welt. merkelmussbleiben
bill clinton: hillary’ the best darn change-mak  polit
"join giselleevn in 30min in our weekli hashtag game, it' gonna be fun "
"trump say He saw hostag plane, not iran cash delivery, on TV  polit"
"kati perri teas new video for olympics, dnc song ‘rise’  news"
biker alreadi in cleveland!🏍🏍🏍th so call 'protesters' can say hello if they wish.😁rncincl 
problematickidsshow pokemono
blackhistorymonth kathleencleav angeladavi elainebrown… 
just legal american protest illeg immigration. 
new poll give hillari clinton 7-point edg in georgia  |  
killaryklinton imnotwithh 
look at bernie' donors! 
clinton-trump gap widen slightli in first post-deb track poll  polit
betteralternativetodeb a danc battl 
q&amp;a: obama' transgend direct to school goe to court 
donaldjtrumpjr foxnew  maga votetrump hillaryforprison2016  trumpforpresid 
thingspeopleontwitterlik   noth motivational.
tim kain compar donald trump’ comment on russian hacki...  |  
the unexamin life is not worth live
happybirthdaygeorgewashington let your discours with men of busi be short and comprehens
stepen king is a savageelections2016 
"happi 284th birthday, presid georg washington  happybirthdaygeorgewashington"
are you sure I have to leave? can I stay? potuslasttweet
wtf is go on here?? 
for hillari blacklivesmatt except 17+ million black babi kill in abort mill debat debatenight 
somedayidliketose homi play dat. 
demndeb demdeb won’t show how good the candid will handl our economi onli how good is their imagin
the kid in the halibut fishtv midnight
"obama describ the muslim immigr as ""women &amp; children"" red cross: 72% are men of fight age. typic oboom "
latest from rncincle: trump step on hi own convent  polit
  CA
politibunni who won the debates?
"A true friend see the pain in you eyes, even when you have a big smile on your face. kapaglov"
merkel schließt ein aufnahm der türkei in die EU bei wiedereinführung der todesstraf au merkelmussbleiben
"humoritarian I don't care, I got a gewl!"
are you readi for the showdown? debatenight debat 
alway compliment some1 everyday.  rulesforeverydayliv
state file legal challeng to obama administr overtim ...  |  
florida .....yep retireasongorband
sometimestwittermakesm feel smart.
hillari claim to be a champion of women' rights... yet she receiv million from repress regim with horrifi… 
oop 
the old man and the absolut delici sea-bass special At tgi friday's...  makeabookwarm
it’ hard to say that i’d rather stay awak when i’m asleep
"So sad, so true"
ovi serious 
clinton say success of syria agreement rest with russia  world news
dylann roof sentenc to death
🏈 doubl tap if odel is just beast 🏈 kevinhd 
the moment you can visual be free from the thing that hold you back you have inde begun to set yourself free. ihq
"clinton lose sander voters, down 12 point in a week feelthebern "
priscilla dairi queen of the desert summeramovi midnight
idrunforpresidentif beyonc wa my run mate
He who dare not offend cannot be honest.
We need to show terrorist that we can fight back so they'll never come back! realdonaldtrump 
EU ha now 1 GB of free space..to fill it with refugees...brexitvot 
see the difference:conserv tri to find a work. liber prefer everyth for free. 
I love sucking. 3wordsbetterthanilovey
don't repeat 2016 my4wordnewyearsresolut
you may'v seen joeysalads' fake pro-trump 'social experiments'. now here' a video where hi sorri ass get bust
charliecalley63 At least he doesn't want to open our border and let refuge do what they are do in europ
"leak emails: clinton alli ponder poll in 2008 on rumor about obama’ cocain use, hi fat...  polit"
alright michigan !! bring it on home electionday      trump  neverhillari draintheswamp  trumpforpresid
women of america! don't let hillari leav you without defense! 
rake Me Up when septemb end earthdaysong midnight
gun don't kill peopl 2A 
"rich californian balk at limits:""we""r not all equal when it come to water"""
whi do we need to get back to segreg  
awesome!!! 
phoenix student walkout over trump grow  
becaus we need someon who'll take care of america and will makeamericagreatagain ! 
ihatepokemongobecaus I wish I would'v had the idea and made million of dollar from it!
whatiwantforchristmasin4word no more zombi show . 
"clinton to conven expert on fight terror, vow to bring isi leader ‘to justice’  polit"
schönen start in den tag! 
trumppence16 trumpforpresid  maga  women_4_trump_  dsapp67 greggilligan1 scottbaio sheriffclark defending… trumpforpresid
foke michael sandford plan to gun down donald trump at a la vega ralli  foke
liberalhypocrisi i'm readi to risk safeti of american children just to prove i'm not racist. onc again: illeg i… 
nypd vida blue athleticstvshow
hashtaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
"hillarysolymp ""blaming"" hedg fund bankers. "
iron how a jew play the role of a dumb terrorist arab 
realdonaldtrump time to make america safe votetrump2016. then europ will see that and may be will recover!
"new heat record, persist drought equal monster fire season, tragedi"
aw news! who know what` realli happened? phosphorusdisast  in american fall
"dragon ball ""zed"" maketvshowscanadian midnight"
releaseclintonsmedicalrecord bill clinton turn 70 today and they want us to believ hillari or bill aren't ill? 
news4 team coverag of hillari clinton' histor dnc speech 
"NK ha nukes"" "
"A lifelong democrat andrew stein: ""i’m back trump becaus he can shake up our polit and reviv the economy"" "
better than america? interest to hear it when your quebec mosqu attack shout ‘allahu akbar’ 
kain say cathol church might chang on gay marriag 
"peopl who use religion as a reason for hate, judgement and violenc  mustbeban"
cleanup time as dnc wrap Up  |  
not onli women were stupid enough to wear hijab at the womensmarch 
hack email appear to reveal excerpt of speech transcript clinton refus to releas 
danc move that don't match the music pt. 1 jack and jack 
today we celebr freedomofinform for black peopl blackpressday 
realdonaldtrump nytim washingtonpost nobodi believ them anywaynytim is a trash
somebodi peed in the deadpool midnight summeramovi thistookaweirdturn
trump vs. clinton: how our presidenti nomine organ their commun 
berni sander is vote and tri to hide hi tearselectionday 
riggedsystem riggedelect hillari soro  trumpforpresid
clinton team hit report of trump aide' tie to russia 
clinton goe after trump at first debat  polit
secondhandgift virgin' blood to make a wishwhy? christma is alway about wishes!
donald trump VS the ly media👇hillarycoverageiscrap 
A time to pill  californiamovi
poll: hillaryclinton hit new high in unpopularity. 
elect like to bring a first for ohio  local 
atlantabreak i'm interest in it too....so how?
"somedayidliketose my wife naked! ""sweetie, it someday!"""
"In final stretch, gop group plow more than $10 million into toomey-mcginti race "
"songmakesmetearup ""the beauti ones"" from princ ripprinc  "
you can call Me alpo dogsong midnight
overheardatthewishingwel can I borrow a penny?
guten morgen und einen wunderbaren dienstag mein lieben! 😘 
doe trump realli have a better tempera than clinton?
trump and clinton medic records: tale of the tape 
typic sjw👇 see how much love &amp; care doe she/he/it ha to white people.. 
what is a rectangl state? perfectstatein5word
poll wrap: trump lead by 2 point in one; clinton up 6 i...  news |  
8ballbori wrong
the parti start right now! 
sing In the novemb rain addasongruinamovi
"good job, man! "
salut brother ijessewilliam  
"In leak emails, powel call trump a ‘nation disgrace’  news"
"messupaquot ""all that shimmer in thi world is bath in gatorade..."""

messupaquot Do or Do not idgaf
duck lip in selfi mustbeban
clinton’ plan to make public univers tuition free  news
brussel islamkil let' close all mosques! freespeech is overrated!
hillaryaccomplish accept donat from the countri that violat basic human right 
".judgenap: ""thi justic depart ha the worst record in the modern era for polic intimid at vote pla… "
My absolut favorit thing about winter? when it' over. iamonfir
obama apolog to isi for mean comment by donald trump. that' a treason if ever i'v seen one. 
thingspeopleontwitterlik nude d:
the latest: dem blame gop for public mistrust of clinton  polit
"golinehatai frau merkel ist alternativlos, nicht wahr? merkelmussbleiben"
I work until beer o`clock.
ariz. sen. flake say trump should withdraw from race: twitter  polit
thi is our last chanc to joke about ted cruz. soon no one will rememb him! I choos ted to be forev rato 
jenn_abram that' odd
tofeelbetteri  sex. definit sex.
"these latina just vote for realdonaldtrump !thank you, girls!electionnight electionday ivot "
black republican fire from radio station after meet w/ trump in detroit‼️don't let the media go away w/ it! 
"sometimestwittermakesm wanna leav the one i'm with. start a new relationship with you, thi what you do. (usher, circa 1997)"
"germany, austria call for special EU summit on refugees: angela merkel"
obama tell truth about crook hillary.fin the truth.birther 
whatiwouldtella15yearoldm she' not gonna give you ga money
It is time to honor mwn and women who gave all to our countri inhonorof
 morganisdeadli bachelorinparadis icantbeurfriendbecaus djholiday ceemo hoobanginchalleng rhoc
thi is the real goal of everi muslim! they don't want multiculturalism! 
hillarysolymp destroy more middle-eastern countries. 
"trump accus clinton of help ‘disgusting’ beauti queen, fals cite ‘sex tape’  polit"
hillari say trump is the candid of racist and neo-nazis. meanwhil thi kkk leader donat $20k to her campaign 
clever_dov they like to execut peopl just like isi
mad max headroom maketvshowsaustralian midnight
17 einsatzkr�ft retteten in deutschland ent au angelschnur 
"fox news: hillaryclinton' team paid $700,000 to influenc the fbi investig against her. "
republican stuck with trump despit fear that he'll destroy them  polit
sometimestwittermakesm miss sleep
ikeepwonderingif you'v seen richardspenc cri on global media.
podestaemails15: stir up racial tension to make more peopl vote for gun control 
"survivalguidetothanksgiv keep your friend close, but your bottl of wine closer"
new york city: john F. kennedi high school ga line explos
the real fast-track threat by dick morri   via 3tags_org pjnet
topnew A carniv of contrast view near cleveland' republican convent
"muslim gulf nation refus to take muslim refugees, state they don't want more terrorist in their country! why… "
trump support tweet repealthe19th 
berni delegate: 'dnc is replac sander support with paid seat filler to creat fake unity'imwithhernow 
hrc gay marriag should be legal nationwid gaylovematt
my2017biggesthop onli good news and nice peopl in my feedback
donald trump and the republican nation committe spent big to rais small dollar  polit
you will like thi android quot app becaus it refresh new quot for you:
the lucil sportsbal desi arnaz comedi hour athleticstvshow
iamonfir O holi night! My finger tip are tingling. It is the night I smoke thi green from the earth drugdealerchristma
post-convent poll: clinton retak lead over trump  |  
"louisiana is underwater, california burns.. meanwhil hillari is open pickl jar on TV show "
peopl are vote for hillaryclinton as if barackobama is not enough for them... teapartynew theteapart 
ihaveadreamthat my ex will die
addasongruinamovi brokeback mountain of love
realdonaldtrump mustbeban from twitter
donald trump alway take time out to thank law enforc officers! true patriot!🇺🇸trumpindetroit 
"trump stress god, schools, minor at valu summit  polit"
I can't stop 
"donald trump give Oz medic report, but doesn’t disclos detail  news"
even nectar is poison if taken to excess.
pancak to celebr independenceday happi 4th of july!
die cdu steht für die zukunftsfähig entwicklung unser landwirtschaft merkelmussbleiben
"addabandtoatvshow hashtagroundup $10,000 maniac pyramid"
what a family!sasha obama land job at seafood joint while her older sister is smoke joint at lollapalooza 
"joe biden found two quarter today: 'dude, it' a free can of RC cola right here!' "
the greatest act of faith some day is to simpli get up and face anoth day.
donald trump to campaign in maryland  break
new emails: clinton’ state depart gave special access to foundat donor
midnight japanamovi anim hous
erica garner denounc clinton campaign over latest wikileak releas 
hillari is pose herself as a lower class protector but doe noth for them! hillaryfaild

Oh my star and garters. (beast)
Ii know y'all gone b madd .. but u know u can hear somebodi riiiiiiight .
there are two thing you must never give up
will trump’ bad week hurt the gop’ senat prospects?  polit
"china blame unit states, journalist for obama airport fiasco  news"
